1
Data protection policy for the services of MyPostcard.com GmbH
With this data protection policy, we, MyPostcard.com GmbH, Hohenzollerndamm 3, 10717 Berlin (hereafter "MyPostcard" or "we"), undertake to inform you of all data protection aspects of the offering on the mypostcard.com website (the "Website") and our mobile app ("App") (collectively "Services") We collect, process and use your personal data only in accordance with the following data protection policy. Personal data in this sense are all individual details about personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person, such as, for example, your name, telephone number, address, and any other information you provide to us when registering, using our services or contacting us ("Personal Information").
I.              Responsibility for data processing
MyPostcard is responsible for data processing in accordance with Article 4 No. 7 of EU Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR").
II.             Collection and storage of personal data and the nature and purpose of their use
1.    Processing data for the use of our services
If you access the website via your browser or the app via your mobile device, we only collect personal data that your browser or mobile device automatically transmits to enable you to visit our website or app and the stability and to ensure safety. This can be specifically
your IP address,
your device identifier, i.e. the unique number of the terminal,
content, date and time of the request,
the time zone of the requesting computer or mobile terminal,
the website from which the request was forwarded,
the requested page,
the http status code,
the transferred amount of data,
browser ID,
your operating system,
language and version of the browser software as well as
mobile device identifier (IDFA, IDFV and AAID).
The processing of this data serves to
ensure a smooth connection of the website,
the display of our services and products,
the usability of our services,
the evaluation and system security and stability as well as
further administrative purposes.
The legal basis of this processing of your personal data is Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest follows for the aforementioned purposes of data collection.
2.    Processing of data when using the contact form
We offer you the opportunity to contact us via a form provided on the website. To use it, you must enter your name and a valid e-mail address. The processing of this data serves our legitimate interest in answering your contact requests properly and is therefore based on Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR.
3.    Processing of data for the use of our services and the purchase of our products
If you want to use our services and products, you may be asked at various times to provide us with personal data such as
Your name,
Your date of birth,
Your address,
Your email address,
Your telephone number or mobile phone number,
Photographs and to provide payment information.
In our services, we also offer you the possibility to create an address book. In this address book you can access contacts to whom you have already sent postcards and greeting cards via our services. You can also add contacts manually and save them in your address book. We also offer you the option of automatically adding contacts from the contacts stored on your terminal device and saving them in your address book in our app. If you wish to make use of this option, we require your consent, which you can give via the relevant dialogue in the app and by actively granting access authorisation in your terminal device settings. Only with your consent do we receive the authorisation to access contacts on your end device and to save them in your address book in our app. In this case, the name/first name, the address as well as - but only insofar as you have stored this yourself with your contacts - the date of birth and the e-mail address will be stored in the address book in the app. You can also edit this information in your address book and, for example, correct/add the address or correct or remove the date of birth and the e-mail address.
Your personal data is processed by us for the following purposes and is necessary for these:
pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b GDPR for the fulfilment of contractual obligations or for the performance of pre-contractual measures: to process your purchases, process your payments and to be able to offer you customer service, to correspond with you, to process claims by you or by us, to ensure the technical administration of our website and to manage our customer data;
pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c GDPR on the basis of legal requirements or pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. e GDPR in the public interest: to protect you and us (including our affiliated companies) against fraud;
pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR on the basis of your consent, insofar as you have given us permission to access contacts (surname, first name, address and, if applicable, date of birth and email address) on your end device in order to save them in your address book in the app. You can revoke your consent at any time by revoking the authorisation to access saved contacts in the settings on your end device;
pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR on the basis of your consent to receive push notifications on your terminal device to remind you of upcoming birthdays of your contacts. Insofar as you have added the date of birth to your contacts in your address book in the app or this has been transferred to your address book within the scope of accessing your contacts with your consent in accordance with the above, we will send you push notifications on your end device to remind you of upcoming birthdays of your contacts in the address book, but only insofar as you have expressly consented to receive such push notifications. You can revoke your consent at any time by deactivating the push notifications in the app;
pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest to send reminders of upcoming birthdays by email. Insofar as you have added the date of birth to your contacts in your address book in the app or this has been transferred to your address book in the course of accessing your contacts with your consent in accordance with the above, we will remind you of your contacts' upcoming birthdays by e-mail. We have a legitimate interest in making existing customers aware of our greeting card and postcard service by sending them reminders of their contacts' upcoming birthdays. You can object to the processing of your data for the purpose of sending the reminders by e-mail at any time, e.g. by unsubscribing from these reminders by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained in each such e-mail.
Note
: If you are the recipient of a postcard or greeting card sent by one of our customers, we will inform you about the processing of your personal data in accordance with the legal provisions (Art. 14 GDPR) in a separate data protection declaration. You can find this
here
.
III.             Disclosure of your data to processors and third parties
To process your data, we use specialized external service providers such as payment service providers, server management providers, IT service providers, online marketing providers, providers of ecommerce / webshop software, digital support systems, marketing automation solution providers, and web analytics tool providers, etc.. These are carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are checked regularly. Furthermore, we may pass on your personal data to third parties (such as shipping companies, cooperation partners, etc.) if this is necessary for the execution of a contract closed with you under Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b or in order to safeguard our legitimate interests under Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR is required. Finally, we transfer your information to our affiliate, MyPostcard.com Inc., 433 Broadway, 2nd Floor, 10013 NY, New York, USA, to the extent necessary to protect our legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. 1 GDPR is required. These interests include, in particular, support services in the context of processing of your order, customer support and the guarantee of smooth business operations. Incidentally, your personal data will only be forwarded to third parties if you have previously consented and submitted them in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR or a legal permission in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c GDPR is present.
IV.             Transfer of personal data abroad
Insofar as we transfer personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area, we ensure that the recipient of the data guarantees an adequate level of data protection in accordance with Art. 45 GDPR. In the absence of an adequacy agreement, MyPostcard will ensure that the recipients of the data have provided suitable guarantees in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR and, in particular, use the standard European Union model contracts for the transfer of data to other EU countries, as amended.
V.             Use of cookies
MyPostcard uses so-called "cookies" on the website i.e. smaller files with text information stored on your hard drive while the offer is being retrieved ("Cookies"). Bits of information are stored in the cookie, each resulting in connection with the specific terminal used. However, this does not mean that we immediately receive your identity details. On the one hand, we use cookies to make the navigation and use of our website as user-friendly as possible. We need the cookies in order to identify and authorize you after successfully logging in for the entire duration of your visit. These cookies are automatically deleted from your hard drive after the end of the browser session (session cookies). In addition, we also use cookies that remain on your hard drive for a certain period after the browser session (persistent cookies). These cookies make it easier for you to use our website and our services and products, for example by saving certain entries and settings in such a way that you do not have to constantly repeat them. In addition, these cookies enable us to statistically record the use of our website, to optimize our offer and to make our websites and our offers more personal for you (see also section VII of this data protection policy). The persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive and are deleted by the browser after a given time, which may differ depending on the cookie. The cookies may also be third party cookies since we use a few advertisers to help make the internet offer and website more interesting to you (see also section VII of this data protection policy).With the exception of necessary cookies, which are required for the operation of our services, we only use cookies for advertising and analysis purposes as described in more detail below in Section VII. To be specific, only with your prior and express consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit a GDPR). When you visit our website for the first time, we will inform you about the use of cookies in our cookie banner, where you can voluntarily give your consent for unnecessary cookies or choose an individual selection. In section VII. below you will find a list of the analysis and tracking services used on our website or in our app. You can withdraw your consent and prevent the use of cookies at any time with effect for the future by clicking on ‘Cookie Settings’ in the footer of our website and changing your individual settings as desired and / or by deleting cookies and refusing to accept cookies in your browser settings. You can also set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, accept cookies for certain cases or generally exclude them and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. In this case, you may not be able to utilize all the benefits of our services. Instructions for making such changes can be found at
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
VI.             Use of Mobile Device Identifier (IDFA, IDFV and AAID)
We use so-called “Mobile Device Identifiers” on our app. These are unique, but non-personalized and non-permanent identification numbers for a specific device that are provided by iOS or Android. The data collected via Mobile Device Identifier are not linked to any other device-related information. We use mobile device identifiers to provide you with personalized advertising and to evaluate your usage. If you activate the option “No ad tracking” in the iOS or Android settings under “Data protection” - “Advertising”, we can only take the following measures: Measurement of your interaction with banners by counting the number of times a banner was displayed without being clicked on (“frequency capping”), click rate, determination of unique use (“unique user”) as well as security measures, fraud prevention and error elimination. You can delete the respective Mobile Device Identifier in the device settings at any time ("Reset Ad-ID"). A new Mobile Device Identifier will then be created which will not be merged with the previously collected data. We would like to point out that you may not be able to use all functions of our app if you restrict the use of the respective mobile device identifier.
1.    Google Analytics
For the purpose of customizing and continually optimizing our pages, we use Google Analytics, a Google Inc. advertising analytics service, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). In this context, pseudonymised user profiles are created and cookies (see section V of this data protection policy) are used. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our services (such as your IP address, browser type / version, operating system used, referrer URL, time of server request) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, on our website and app, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or other parties under the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate your use of our services, to compile reports about the website and app activities for us, and to provide us with other services related to website and app usage and internet usage. This information may also be transferred to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data in the order. Google will not merge your IP address with other Google data. However please note that, based on our current state of knowledge, we cannot rule out that data from Google in the USA could be linked with other user data such as search history, personal accounts, usage data from other devices and other existing user data that Google has access to. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software. In addition, you may prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of our services (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
. For more information about data protection related to Google Analytics, please see the following link in the Google Analytics Help Center:
http://google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
.
2.    Google Ads Conversion Tracking
To statistically record the use of our website and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimizing our website, we also use Google conversion tracking. This is a service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google places a cookie on your computer (see section V of this data protection policy) if you have reached our website via a Google ad. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If you visit one of our pages and the cookie has not expired yet, we and Google may recognize that you have clicked on the ad and have been redirected to our site. Each Ads customer receives a different cookie, so that the cookies are not tracked through the websites of Ads customers. The information generated by the conversion cookie about your use of our services, including your IP address, is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However, on our website and app, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or other parties under the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on our behalf to create visitor statistics for our website. These visit statistics are used by us to determine the total number of users who have been sent to us through Ads ads, thereby optimizing our Ads ads. This information may also be transferred to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data in the order. Neither we nor any other Google Ads advertiser receives any information from Google that could personally identify you. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our services in full. You may also object to Google's interest-based advertising. To do this, you must go to the link
www.google.com/settings/ads
from each of the internet browsers you use and set the desired settings there. For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit the following links:
http://google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
and
https://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
.
3.    Google Tag Manager
We also use Google Tag Manager. This service allows website tags to be managed through a single interface. Tags are small code elements that serve, among other things, to measure traffic and visitor behavior. Google Tag Manager only implements tags. As a result, no cookies are used and consequently no personal data is collected. Google Tag Manager triggers other tags, which may collect data. However, Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If deactivated at the domain or cookie level, it will remain in effect for all tracking tags as far as they are implemented with the Google Tag Manager.
4.    Pinterest Conversion Tracking
We use the Remarketing feature of Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94103, USA, which is offered and operated ("Pinterest"). With the Pinterest Remarketing feature, we can engage you with Pinterest platform advertising based on your interests. For this Pinterest uses so-called "tags". Through this tag, website visits and data on use of the website are recorded in a non-personal, non-personal form. If you visit Pinterest below, advertisements will be displayed based on your interests. Pinterest receives thereby et al. the information from your browser that our website received from your device. We point out that we have no influence on the extent of the transmitted data and their further use by Pinterest and therefore inform you according to our knowledge: By the inclusion of tags Pinterest receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding website of our internet presence. If you are registered with a Pinterest service, Pinterest may associate the visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Pinterest or have not logged in, there is a possibility that the vendor may discover and store your IP address and other identifying features. The information generated by the tags about your use of our services is transmitted to and stored by a server of Pinterest in the USA. Pinterest supports the Do Not Track (DNT) option. Alternatively, you can disable the use of cookies for interest-based advertising through the Network Initiative by following the instructions at
https://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
. For more information about Pinterest Remarketing and Pinterest's privacy policy, visit
https://policy.pinterest.com/privacy-policy
.
5.    Reddit Conversion Tracking
Our website also uses "Reddit Conversion Pixel", an analysis service of Reddit Inc., 520 Third Street, Suite 305, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA ("Reddit"). For this tool so-called tracking pixels are integrated on our sides. When you visit our pages, this tracking pixel establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Reddit server. Reddit receives thereby et al. the information from your browser that our website received from your device. We point out that we have no influence on the extent of the transmitted data and their further use by Reddit and therefore inform you according to our knowledge: Through the use of Reddit Conversion pixels Reddit receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding website of our internet presence or have clicked on an ad from us. If you are registered with a Reddit service, Reddit may associate the visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Reddit or have not logged in, there is a chance that the vendor will discover and store your IP address and other identifying features. For more information about privacy and how it works, visit
https://www.redditinc.com/policies/privacy-policy
.
6.    Facebook Advertising Tracking
We also use Facebook's "Custom Audiences" remarketing feature, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, ("Facebook"). As a result, users of our website can be shown interest-based advertisements ("Facebook Ads") as part of their visit to the social network Facebook or other websites that also use the process. For this marketing function, we use "Facebook pixels" on our websites, i.e. on our sides so-called tracking pixels are integrated. When you visit our pages, the tracking pixel establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. This gives Facebook et al. the information from your browser that our website called from your device. We point out that we have no influence on the extent of the data transmitted and their further use by Facebook and therefore inform you according to our knowledge: Through the integration of Facebook Custom Audiences, Facebook receives the information that you have visited the corresponding website of our internet presence or have clicked on an ad from us. If you are registered with a service of Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to your account. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or have not logged in, there is a chance that the provider will find out and store your IP address and other identifying features. You may object to the use of Facebook Website Custom Audiences at any time in the future through
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
and
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/preferencemanagement/
. For more information about privacy and your related options, visit
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
and
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
7.    Bing Ads Tracking
We use the Microsoft Bing Ads online advertising program of Microsoft Online Inc., 6100 Neil Road, Reno, NV 89511 USA ("Microsoft"). This technology will redirect users who have already visited our sites through targeted advertising on the Microsoft Partner Network pages and Microsoft search results pages. The advertising is shown by the use of cookies (see section V of this data protection policy), with the help of which the user behavior when visiting the website can be analyzed and subsequently used for targeted and interest-based advertising. The information collected is transmitted to Microsoft servers in the United States. In addition, through cross-device tracking, Microsoft may be able to track your usage behavior across multiple of your electronic devices, enabling it to display personalized advertising on or in Microsoft websites and apps. You can disable this behavior at
http://choice.microsoft.com/en-us/opt-out
. You can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website as well as the processing of this data by deactivating the setting of cookies. This may limit the functionality of the site. More information about privacy at Microsoft can be found at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
.
8.    Twitter Conversion Tracking
We use a service from the social network Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) on our website to position target group-based online advertising and for conversion tracking. We have implemented a Twitter tag on our website for this purpose. Due to this tag, when you visit the website, a direct connection to the Twitter servers is established and the fact that you have visited our website as well as data on your use of our website is recorded and transmitted. In this way, based on your previous page views and activities, we can place targeted advertisements on Twitter that may be of interest to you (remarketing). The data processed by Twitter does not allow us to identify you personally. We do not link this pseudonymous information to any other information about you. If you are registered with a Twitter service, Twitter can assign your visit to our website to your account. Even if you are not registered with Twitter or have not logged in, there is a possibility that the provider will be able to find out and save your IP address and other identification features. The information generated by the tags about your use of our services is transmitted to a Twitter server in the USA and stored there.
You can find further information here:
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
. You can deactivate the collection of data by Twitter at the following address:
https://twitter.com/settings/account/personalization
.
9.    Apple Search Ads
We use the Apple Search Ads marketing service, a service provided by Apple Inc. 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California, USA, 95014. Apple Search Ads is a service that displays advertisements for our app that appear in the Apple App Store . We use this service to show targeted advertisements to certain customer segments in the App Store, i.e. for people with similar characteristics, whereby Apple guarantees that targeting is not carried out individually for a customer. To determine a customer segment - each consisting of at least 5,000 Apple customers - Apple uses your Apple account data, App Store data (search history, downloads and surfing activities in the App Store), data from app transactions (in-app purchases, downloaded apps) and context information (Device type, iOS version as well as time, location and specific search query). We do not receive any personal information from you via the advertisements placed in the App Store, only aggregated data on clicks and conversions in the form of registrations (e.g. downloads of our app). Apple does not follow / track people as part of Apple Search Ads, which means that Apple does not associate any user or device data from Apple apps with user or device data collected by third parties for the purpose of targeting or measuring advertising measures.
You can find the Apple Search Ads privacy policy at
https://searchads.apple.com/en/privacy/
. You can change your settings for personalized advertising in the Apple App Store at
https://support.apple.com/de-de/HT202074
or deactivate personalized advertising at any time.
10.    Hotjar
We also use the Hotjar Ltd web analytics service Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St Julian's Business Center, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian's STJ 1000, Malta, Europe ("Hotjar") to better understand your usage patterns and to optimize our services accordingly. In particular, Hotjar uses cookies (see section V of this Data Protection Policy) to collect information about user behavior and user devices (in particular the IP address of a device, screen size, device type, browser information, geographic information, and the preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this data in a pseudonymous user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will use this information to identify you. Nor will Hotjar or we merge the data with other data about individual users. You may object to the creation of user profiles, the storage of data on your use of our website by Hotjar and the use of tracking cookies by Hotjar on other sites at any time at the following link:
https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
. More information about Hotjar's privacy can be found at
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
.
11.    Use of Technologies from Branch Metrics, Inc. in our App
Our sites also use the Branch.io app analytics service Branch Metrics, Inc., 1400 Seaport Blvd, Building B, 2nd Floor, Redwood City, CA 94063, USA ("Branch") to analyze app usage. When using the app Branch collects on our behalf installation and usage data. We use this information to understand how you interact with our app. Branch uses your IDFA or Android ID as well as your IP or Mac address. An identification of your person is not possible. The analyzes are used exclusively for the purposes of our own market research as well as the optimization and needs-based design of our app. The information collected is transmitted to Branch servers in the United States. They may object to the use of Branch at any time by setting the slider for anonymous statistics in the app under "Settings". For more information about Branch's privacy, please visit the following link:
https://branch.io/policies/#privacy
. You can deactivate the collection of data by Branch at any time at
https://branch.app.link/optout
or change your settings.
12.    Use of Google Analytics for Firebase and Crashlytics in our app
Our app also uses the Google Firebase technologies of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Firebase is part of the Google Cloud Platform and offers the following services in addition to a real-time database: Firebase Analytics allows you to analyze the use of our offer. This information about the use of our app are collected, transmitted to Google and stored there. Google uses the advertising ID of the device. Google will use the information provided to evaluate the use of our app anonymously and to provide us with other services related to the use of apps. In Device Settings, you can restrict the use of the Advertising ID (iOS: Privacy / Advertising / No Ad Tracking, Android: Account / Google / View). Firebase Cloud Messaging is used to deliver push messages or so-called in-app messages (messages that are only displayed inside the app). In this case, the mobile terminal is assigned a pseudonymized push reference, which serves as the destination for the push messages or in-app messages. The push messages can be deactivated in the settings of the mobile device at any time and also reactivated. Google Firebase uses servers located in the EU for these services wherever possible. However, it can not be ruled out that data will also be transmitted to the USA. For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit the following link:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=en
.
We also use the function of the Google Firebase service, Crashlytics, in our app. With the help of this tool, analysis of crashed apps can be carried out in order to enable us to react more quickly to errors and bugs and to continuously improve the stability of our app. Only aggregated and anonymized data is transmitted to Firebase in the form of real-time crash reports with information on codes and device information- never personal data.
13.    Amplitude
We use the analytical service, “Amplitude” of Amplitude, Inc., 631 Howard Street, San Francisco, California 94105, USA. Amplitude enables us to better understand and optimize user behavior. As a result, technical errors can be remedied faster and potential for target group-oriented improvement can be identified. For this purpose, Amplitude stores usage data such as device and browser type in use by the user, button click behaviour, and the occurrence of input errors. Amplitude processing is limited to pseudonymous personal data. Further information can be found in the Amplitude privacy policy:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
14.    Leanplum
In the context of our app, we use Leanplum, a service of Leanplum Inc. which has its European headquarters at TOO Herengracht 280, 1016 BX Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Leanplum helps to build long-term and sustainable customer relationships. Leanplum focuses on a personalized customer approach and data analysis to do so. We also use Leanplum for A / B testing. The user-friendliness of our app is tested by showing our users, who we divide into segments, different variations (e.g. of functionalities) within the app and, through the interaction of the users with the variations, we can understand which variation within the app is being received better by the users. The collected usage data are processed as pseudonymized, IP addresses are deleted after their collection and data is only linked with your personal data with us internally when you have logged into the app. Information regarding use of our app is transmitted to Leanplum servers in the USA. For more information regarding privacy, please refer to the Leanplum Privacy Policy:
https://www.leanplum.com/privacy/
15.    Use of the SalesViewer® technology
SalesViewer® technology from SalesViewer® GmbH is used on this website to collect and store data regarding your consent (Article 6 (1) (1) (a) GDPR) based on the legitimate interests of the website operator (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR) for marketing, market research and optimization purposes. A JavaScript-based code is used for this purpose, which collects and uses company-related data. The data collected with this technology is encrypted using a non-recalculable one-way function (so-called hashing). The data is immediately pseudonymized and not used to personally identify the visitor to this website. The data stored in the context of Salesviewer will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and the deletion does not conflict with any statutory retention requirements. The collection and storage of data can be objected to at any time with effect for the future by clicking this link
https://www.salesviewer.com/opt-out
in order to prevent future collection by SalesViewer® within this website. An opt-out cookie for this website will be stored on your device. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you will have to click on this link again.
VII.             Use of social plug-ins
We use so-called social plug-ins of social networks (e.g. Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest, Twitter and Tumblr) on our website (Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest, Twitter and Tumblr, together "social networks" and the corresponding plug-ins total "plug-ins"). Through these plug-ins we offer you the opportunity to interact with social networks and other users so that we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you while giving us the opportunity to make our company better known. The legal basis for the use of the social plug-ins is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. The responsibility for the privacy-compliant operation is to be guaranteed by the respective provider. We use plug-ins of the network Facebook, such as the "Like" button. These plug-ins are offered and operated by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Facebook") and are clearly marked with the Facebook logo. We also use Instagram plug-ins operated by Instagram LLC, 1601 Willow Rd, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Instagram") and marked with the Instagram logo. We also use plug-ins from the YouTube network, which belongs to Google Inc., San Bruno, California, USA ("YouTube") and is recognizable by the YouTube logo. We also use plug-ins from the Pinterest network, which is offered and operated by Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (\“Pinterest\”) and are marked with the "pin-it" button. Finally, Twitter's plug-ins are included, offered and operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA ("Twitter"), and feature the Twitter logo or the addition, "Tweet". If you visit one of our websites containing such a plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of the respective social network. The content of the plug-in is transmitted from the corresponding social network directly to your browser and integrated into the webpage, without our having any influence on the content of the plug-in. Regardless of whether you have an account on the social network or are logged into the respective social network, websites containing social network plug-ins transmit and transfer information to the appropriate social network in the US, including your operating system and its version, browser type and version, IP address, domain name and / or date / time stamp for your visit. The respective social network sets a cookie with an identifier that is valid for two years each time the website is called up. Since your browser sends this cookie automatically every time you connect to a server, the social network would be able to create a profile of the web pages accessed by the user of the identifier. As long as you are logged in parallel to the respective social network, the corresponding social network can assign the profile to your local account and thus to your person. But even if you are not logged into the respective social network at the time of using our website, such an assignment - for example, in a later log in to the appropriate social network - not excluded. If you interact with the plug-ins, for example, the "Like" - or press the "Tweet" button or leave a comment, the information is transmitted from your browser directly to the appropriate social network and stored there, the extent of which we have no influence. The information will also be published on the social network and displayed to your contacts there. The social network can use the obtained information for the purpose of advertising, market research and needs-based design of the pages of the social network. For this purpose, the social network generates usage, interest and relationship profiles, e.g. to evaluate your use of our website with regard to the advertisements displayed on the social network, to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website and to provide other services related to the use of the social network. We point out that we do not receive any final knowledge of the content of the transmitted data and their use by the social network. For more detailed information on the nature, purpose and extent of further processing and use of your data by the respective social network, please refer to the privacy policy of the corresponding social network (for Facebook:
http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php
for Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875?helpref=page_content
; for YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
; for Pinterest:
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
; for Twitter:
http://twitter.com/privacy
, where you can also learn more about your rights and settings options for protecting your privacy. As a user, in order to prevent a social network from collecting information about you during your visit to our website, you may log out of the respective social network at the beginning of your visit to the website, delate any existing cookie of the corresponding social network from your browser and choose "Block third-party cookies" in your browser settings. In this case, your browser will not transfer cookies to embedded servers of other third-party content. However, such settings could mean that in addition to plug-ins, under certain circumstances, other cross-page features may also no longer be available.
VIII.             Registration for our website / app with Facebook, Google or Apple
Alternatively, we offer you the option of registering for our website / app via your Facebook (website / app), Google (website / app) or Apple user account (app only), provided you have a user account on Facebook, Google or Apple and would like to register through one of these services. After entering your login data for the respective service and following confirmation from you, you can log in to our website / app using your Facebook, Google or Apple log-in data.
If you decide to register for our website / app using your Facebook, Google or Apple log-in data, we will receive
- from Facebook only your email address and your public information name, gender and profile picture on Facebook. “Public” in this context means that everyone outside of Facebook can see this data. You can get an overview of which data you have released for which applications at
www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications
. We can't post about it on Facebook.
- from Google we only receive your Google user ID, your email address / email verified status, name, language and picture. Further information on logging in with your Google account and an overview of which data you have shared with which applications can be found at
www.myaccount.google.com/permissions
and at
www.support.google.com/accounts/answer/3466521?hl=en
.
- We receive your email address and your name from Apple. However, you can decide yourself whether it is your real email address or whether you want to use a random email address suggested by Apple in which your real email address is hidden. For more information about logging in with your Apple account and an overview of which data you have shared with which applications, please visit
www.support.apple.com/en-us/HT210318
and
www.support.apple.com/en-us/HT210426
.
Please note that when you register with one of the aforementioned third-party services, we do not receive or save your login data (especially passwords). The link is only required to enable the desired log-in. The legal basis for processing data as described above for the purpose of creating a user account is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 Letter a) GDPR (processing data based on the consent of the person concerned). You can revoke your consent at any time, e.g. by sending a message to the contact details provided in our legal notice. In this case you would have to register again for the website / app, if you want to continue using the website / app.
Please also note that we have no influence on the data collected by Facebook, Google or Apple when logging in. If you do not want Facebook, Google or Apple to collect data about you via your log-in and use it for their own purposes, we recommend that you do not register for our website / app by logging in to Facebook, Google or Apple . Further information on data protection on Facebook, Google and Apple can be found in the respective data protection provisions of the respective service.
IX.             Integration of YouTube videos
We have integrated YouTube videos on our website, which are stored on
https://www.YouTube.com
and can be played directly from our website. These are integrated in the "extended data protection mode", i.e. no cookies are set by YouTube if you do not play the videos. It’s only when you play the videos that the data mentioned in the following paragraph will be transmitted. We embed YouTube videos on our website in order to make the use of our website as user-friendly as possible by allowing you to view videos without having to leave our website. The legal basis is Article 6, Paragraph 1, Clause 1 f) GDPR (processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of the person responsible).
Even if videos have been embedded in a website in "extended data protection mode", we would like to point out that navigating to the website leads to a connection to YouTube and YouTube receives the information that the user has navigated to the corresponding subpage of our website. We would also like to point out that when the video is played, YouTube saves your data as a user profile and uses it for advertising, market research and / or needs-based design of the YouTube website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, although you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.
Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by YouTube can be found in Google's data protection declaration. You will also find further information on your rights and settings options to protect your privacy here:
https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy
.
X.             Newsletter / Marketing
With your consent, which you may submit as part of your registration on our website, we will send you newsletters or marketing about our products and services or the products and services of our affiliates that we consider could be of interest to you by e-mail or telephone. You may opt-out of the use of your data for direct marketing purposes at any time and unsubscribe from the newsletter by clicking on the link provided in each newsletter e-mail or by emailing us at newsletter@mypostcard.com. We reserve the right, even without your consent by e-mail, to send you offers for products or services similar to those already purchased by you. (The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction with Section 7 Paragraph 3 UWG) You have the right to object to the processing of your data for promotional purposes at any time by sending an e-mail to newsletter@mypostcard.com or via a link in our newsletter, without any costs other than transmission costs according to the basic rates. The legal basis for the processing of your data for the purpose of sending newsletters is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a or lit. f GDPR. We use Leanplum Inc. (USA) with their European headquarters in TOO Herengracht 280, 1016 BX Amsterdam, the Netherlands as well as MailChimp, a newsletter shipping platform owned by Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave. NE # 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA ("MailChimp"), to send email and newsletters. Your personal data will be transmitted to servers of MailChimp and Leanplum in the USA and stored there. The newsletters contain a so-called "web-beacon", i.e. a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from the MailChimp server when the newsletter is opened. This call will initially collect technical information, such as information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP address and time of retrieval. This information is used to improve the technical performance of services based on their specifications or audience and their reading habits, based on their locations (which can be determined using the IP address) or access times. Statistical surveys also include determining if the newsletters will be opened, when they will be opened, and which links will be clicked. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned to the individual newsletter recipients. However, it is neither our desire nor that of MailChimp or Leanplum to observe individual users. The evaluations serve us much more to recognize the reading habits of our users and to adapt our content to them or to send different content according to the interests of our users. MailChimp and Leanplum use this information to send and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. Furthermore, MailChimp and Leanplum may, according to their own information, use this data to optimize or improve their own services, e.g. for the technical optimization of the dispatch and the presentation of the newsletter or for economic purposes, to determine from which countries the recipients come. However, neither MailChimp nor Leanplum use your data to write to you or pass it on to third parties. The privacy policy of MailChimp can be found here:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
. The privacy policy of Leanplum can be found here:
https://www.leanplum.com/privacy
.
XI.             Sending push and text messages
1.    Sending push messages through the website
To keep you up-to-date on current topics, we offer a service to receive push messages through our website. For this purpose, an anonymous ID is stored in order to analyze the use of the push service. If you would like to prevent the receipt of push notifications and thus the associated data collection for the future, you can block the notifications in the website settings of your internet browser for this website.
2.    Sending push messages in the app
To send push messages to Android and iOS apps, the services of Leanplum, a program of Leanplum Inc. (USA) with their European headquarters in TOO Herengracht 280, 1016 BX Amsterdam, Niederlande („Leanplum“), as well as OneSignal, a program used by OneSignal, 2194 Esperanca Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95054, USA ("OneSignal") are used. Leanplum stores data under an anonymized ID about the use of the app, but no personal data. If you do not want to receive push notifications in the Android or iOS app, you can prevent them from being sent in the system settings of your mobile device. In the app, you can prevent appropriate tracking for the future by selecting the item "Privacy" in the menu and set the slide switch accordingly ("Disagree data processing"). For more information about Leanplum’s Privacy Policy, please visit:
https://www.leanplum.com/privacy/
. For more information on OneSignal's privacy policy, visit
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
.
3.    Sending text messages via the website
You can have a link to our MyPostcard app sent to you via text on our website; all you need to do is provide your mobile phone number. For the purpose of sending the desired SMS, we use the text dispatch service provider, Twilio’s service (Twilio Inc., 375 Beale St # 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA) as part of order processing. Twilio will only use your telephone number as part of our instructions to send the desired SMS from MyPostcard, but not for Twilio's own messages. Further information on data protection from Twilio can be found here:
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy#how-twilio-processes-your-end-users-personal-information
.
XII.             Duration of storage
We store your personal data as long as this is necessary to achieve the respective storage purpose. Subsequently, your data will be deleted by us, unless, according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. c GDPR we are obliged to retain it for a longer period of time due to tax, commercial or other statutory storage or documentation obligations or you have agreed to further storage in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR.
XIII.             Your rights
You are entitled at any time according to Art. 15 GDPR to disclosure of information about your personal data stored with us. In particular, you may demand disclosure of information about the purposes of processing, the categories of data we have stored about you, the categories of recipients of such data, the planned duration of storage, your right to rectification, cancellation, limitation of processing or opposition, the existence of a right of appeal to a regulatory authority, the source of your data, if not collected from you, and the existence of an automated decision-making process including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information about their details. In addition, according to Art. 16 GDPR, you may request the correction of incorrect data and, pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR, the deletion of personal data, as far as the processing of the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfill a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Furthermore, you have the right to demand, pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR, blocking or restriction of the processing of your personal data, in so far as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, you reject its deletion and we no longer need the data, however you need them for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims or you have objected to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR. Furthermore, according to Art. 20 GDPR, you have the right to receive the personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request its transfer to another person responsible. If your personal data are based on legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit., in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time if there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or the objection is directed against processing for direct marketing purposes. In the latter case, you have a fundamental right of objection, which is implemented by MyPostcard without specifying any particular situation. If you believe that the processing of your personal data by us is not in accordance with applicable law, you may file a complaint with a supervisory authority pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR. If the processing of your data relies on a consent granted by DGSVO according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit, you have the right to revoke this consent at any time with future effect.
XIV.             Data security
When visiting our services, we use the common SSL method in conjunction with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. Incidentally, we use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against manipulation, loss, destruction or unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
XV.             Your contact for data protection
If you have any questions about the collection, processing or use of your personal data, information, correction, blocking or deletion of data and revocation of granted consent, please contact our data protection officer at
privacy@mypostcard.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 1
http://google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/privacy/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://policy.pinterest.com/privacy-policy:
Policy
Terms
Privacy
Community
Merchant
Advertising
Developers
Copyright
Trademark
Enforcement
Transparency
Call Recordings
Non-User Notice
Privacy Policy
We're updating our Privacy Policy, effective April 30, 2025. You can preview the updated Privacy Policy
here
.
California Privacy Statement
California Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection
here
.
Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. We added more details about the personal data that we collect and how we may share it.
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties.
We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other
products
or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information.
Account Information
: When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, country of residence, your interests, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile.
Content
: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users.
Precise location information
: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings.
Your communications with us
: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications.
Your contacts
: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.
2. We also get technical information when you use Pinterest
When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Device information
: We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings, and unique device identifiers.
Log data
: When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button) browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services. You can
learn more about the log data we collect here
.
Information from cookies and similar technologies
: We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Usage data and inference
s. When you’re on our Services, we use your activity—such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create, and any text that you add in a comment or description—along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up and information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience.
Location Information
: We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
User Choices
: We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications.
3. Our partners and advertisers share information with us
We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:
Third party platforms
: If you register for or log into the Service using a third party platform (like Facebook or Google), they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or log-in with us. In addition, if you
connect your third-party accounts
to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data.
Technical service partners
: We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms.
Advertisers or other partners
: Online advertisers or third parties share information with us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services.
Learn more about the Pinterest Tag
and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.
You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
How we use the info we collect
We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behavior. For example, if we see you’re into cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our
Terms of Service
.
Respond to your questions or comments.
Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customize your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer we may show you that retailer’s Pins that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings.
Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to
stop getting other notifications
by updating your
settings
.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we:
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms.
Conduct
age verification
, as appropriate. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding.
Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models.
Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information.
We also use your information to personalize the ads you see
Specifically, we use the information we collect to:
Decide which ads to show you, directly on Pinterest, and
depending on where you live
, show you ads through our partners. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required.
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you.
Learn more
about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out.
Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below.
We use info based on legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or those of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests and fundamental rights.
To show you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you, we:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, topics or content you might like based on your activity on our Services. For example, if you engage with cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins and boards.
Customize your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behavior. For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive a personalized, unique and relevant offering, as this is why users come to the Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To build your community on our Services, we:
Suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like.
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you choose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will access contacts stored on your device to help you find out if your contacts are on our Services.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to help you make connections you may know in order to deliver a relevant and unique Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your contacts
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To make and keep Pinterest safe, we:
Work with law enforcement and researchers to keep Pinterest safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts, or from researchers to study activity on Pinterest. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violation of our policies or Terms.
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
Conduct age verification. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to secure Pinterest systems and fight spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities and promote safety and security on Pinterest.
It is also in our interest and the interests of other users to ensure our Services are used in accordance with our Terms.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To improve, innovate and develop our Services, we:
Conduct analytics and research on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models. Some of this information may be aggregated or de-identified.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and the interests of Pinterest’s users that we improve, promote and develop the Service in an informed way.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To seek legal advice or protect Pinterest in litigation or other disputes, we:
Preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes violations of our Terms and policies.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of Pinterest, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To communicate with you, we:
Respond to your questions or comments.
Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like. Depending on where you live, this may be marketing and in certain cases we will obtain your consent. You can decide to
stop getting these notifications
by updating your
settings
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to learn of new features and elements that may be of interest to them.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver advertising that is relevant, interesting and personal on our Services, we:
Decide which ads to show you based on information on our Services. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive relevant and interesting adverts for products or services they are interested in, as opposed to receiving randomized and generic ads which they may have no interest in. This is also the primary funding of the service and allows users to continue enjoying the service free-of-charge and allows Pinterest to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To provide measurement and ad analytics we:
Use aggregated information from our measurement providers to tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are performing, and how to make them better. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to enable business accounts and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This is also in the interest of other users as this helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Service free for all users.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver ads, off Pinterest, that are relevant, interesting and personal to you about Pinterest, we:
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, and a hashed version of your email address to services we use to market Pinterest to you on sites and apps other than Pinterest, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others.
Legitimate interests relied on
We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
We use info to comply with our legal obligations
Why and how we use your info
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when doing so in response to a court order, search warrant, production order, subpoena or similar legal request.
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when we think it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including sharing with researchers, law enforcement, or other authorities.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints. We retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for two years, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
Examples of laws that can require us to process information in the above way include:
Regulatory matters: to comply with regulatory obligations like under privacy laws (GDPR) and the Digital Services Act (DSA).
Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, GDPR).
Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997.
Issues relating to the safety of our Service and to protect rights, property and users
We keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our Terms, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
We use info where you give us consent
How and why we use your info
Where you have given us consent (for example through your device settings):
Allowing searching with photos. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Ads on Pinterest based on offsite activities. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have already obtained.
Lead ads. If you submit information via a lead ad form (for example, to sign up for an advertiser’s mailing list or for a consultation), we will share that information with the advertiser as described on the form.
Promotion of Creators. If you choose to provide race or ethnicity information we will use it to promote you as a Creator, for example during Black History Month, or reach out to you about events.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your
account settings
and, if you still need help, our
Help Center
.
Access
: You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you in a portable format. You can find more information about this
through our Help Center
.
Correction/rectification
: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile.
Deletion/erasure
: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions.
Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale”
: As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Additional rights in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you also have some additional rights:
Right to object or restrict processing
: You can object to direct marketing from us or where we rely on legitimate interests to process your information. You can object through this
form
.
Right to withdraw consent
: Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your data, you can withdraw your consent at any stage. The lawfulness of Pinterest’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to portability
: You can have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, and, where it's technically feasible for us to do so.
Right to lodge a complaint
: If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country.
In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form:
Forms for Data Protection
.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can:
Edit information in your profile
,
Link or unlink your Pinterest account
from other services (like Facebook or Google),
Edit secret board settings
, and
Close your account at any time
. We also support settings such as Limit Ad Tracking in iOS and Ads Personalization in Android devices.
You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:
The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us.
For users who reside in certain U.S. states and have enabled an opt-out preferences signal (such as Global Privacy Control), we will respect this preference when you use Pinterest.
How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:
With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to
link your Pinterest account
to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.
Depending on where you live, we share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services, showing you ads through our partners, and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. For example, when you fill out a lead ad form, or click on an ad on Pinterest, we’ll share this information with advertising partners.
With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.
With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, researchers, or other parties in compliance with laws, rules, or regulations. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share information if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person in emergency situations. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
. We may share your publicly accessible information with independent researchers who meet certain criteria, to combat societal harms.
With our corporate family of companies, including wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
Transferring your information
Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
Additional steps for data transfers in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take additional steps related to data transfers. Information controlled by Pinterest Europe Limited will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. Safeguards which we rely on in ensuring your information benefits from an adequate level of protection includes the following:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions issued from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to some countries with such adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here; or
Standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”). The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation; and
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or SCCs, please contact us via the details provided in the Contact us section below.
How long we keep your information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't use it to identify you.
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, here is some further information on our retention practices: We keep your information only so long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, which include providing our Service, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis. We keep account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account.
Our policy on children's information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you may only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the
Help Center
for more information.
How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new policy applies to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email.
Contact us
The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the
Help Center
. If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
You can also contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
Effective Date outside EEA, UK, and Switzerland: March 13, 2024
Effective Date in EEA, UK, and Switzerland: April 30, 2024
Table of Contents
California Privacy Statement
Summary of changes
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Scope of the Privacy Policy
We collect information in a few different ways
How we use the info we collect
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
Your Rights and Choices
How and when we share information
Transferring your information
How long we keep your information
Our policy on children's information
How we make changes to this policy
Contact us
Sub-policy 4
https://www.redditinc.com/policies/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Reddit Privacy Policy
We value your privacy
Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform.
              For more information, please see our
Cookie Notice
and our
Privacy Policy
.
Reddit Privacy Policy
All
User Agreement
Reddit Privacy Policy
Reddit Rules
Moderator Code of Conduct
Cookie Notice
Econ Terms
Previews Terms of Use
Creator Terms
Developer Terms
Data API Terms
Embeds Terms of Use
Responsible Disclosure / Bug Bounty Program
Trademark Use Policy
Transparency
Guidelines for Law Enforcement
Reddit's Anti-Slavery And Human Trafficking Statement
Earn Policy
Earn Terms
English (US)
Deutsch
English (US)
Español (ES)
Español (MX)
Français (FR)
Dutch (NL)
Italiano
Polski
Português (BR)
Português (PT)
Svenska (SE)
हिंदी
বাংলা
Filipino
ไทย
Revisions
August 16, 2024
February 15, 2024
July 31, 2023
November 15, 2022
September 12, 2021
October 15, 2020
January 10, 2020
June 8, 2018
December 12, 2017
Reddit Privacy Policy
Effective: August 16, 2024. Last Revised: August 16, 2024.
Introduction
At Reddit, we believe that privacy is a right. We want to empower our users to be the masters
      of their identity. In this privacy policy, we want to help you understand how and why Reddit
      (“Reddit,“ “we“ or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you when you use our
      websites, mobile apps, widgets, APIs, emails, and other online products and services
      (collectively, the “Services“) or when you otherwise interact with us or receive a
      communication from us.
We want this privacy policy to empower you to make better choices about how you use Reddit.
      We'd love for you to read the whole policy, but if you don't, here is the TL;DR:
Reddit is a public platform.
Reddit is a public platform. Our communities are largely public and anyone can see your
      profile, posts, and comments.
We collect minimal information about you.
We collect minimal information that can be used to identify you by default. If you want to
      just browse, you don't need an account. If you want to create an account to participate in a
      subreddit, we don't require you to give us your real name. We don't track your precise
      location. You can even browse
anonymously
. You can share as much or as little about yourself as you want when using Reddit.
We only use data to make Reddit a better place.
Any data we collect is used primarily to provide our Services, which are focused on allowing
      people to come together and form communities. We don't sell your personal data to third
      parties, and we never work with data brokers.
All of our users get privacy rights - not just those in select countries.
Privacy rights are for everyone. At Reddit, anyone can request a copy of their data, account
      deletion, or information about our policies.
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask.
We've tried our best to make this as easy to understand as possible but sometimes privacy
      policies are still confusing. If you need help understanding this policy or anything about
      Reddit,
just ask
.
Reddit Is a Public Platform
Much of the information on the Services is public and accessible to everyone, even without an
    account. By using the Services, you are directing us to share this information publicly and
    freely.
When you submit content (e.g., a post, comment, or chat message) to a public part of the
    Services, any visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see that content, the
    username associated with the content, and the date and time you originally submitted the
    content. That content and information may also be available in search results on Internet search
    engines like Google or in responses provided by an AI chatbot like OpenAI’s ChatGPT. You should
    take the public nature of the Services into consideration before posting.
Your Reddit account has a profile page that is public. Your profile contains information about
    your activities on the Services, such as your username, prior posts and comments, karma,
    trophies received, profile display name, about section, and social links, avatar or profile
    image, moderator, contributor, and Reddit Premium status, communities you are active in, and how
    long you have been a member of the Services (your cake day).
We offer social sharing features that let you share content or actions you take on our Services
    with other media. Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain information with
    your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that
    provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data
    collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy
    policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features (e.g.,
Tumblr
,
Facebook
, and
X
).
Reddit allows moderators to access Reddit content using moderator bots and tools. Reddit also
    allows other third parties to access public Reddit content using Reddit’s developer services,
    including Reddit Embeds, our APIs, Developer Platform, and similar technologies. We limit
    third-party access to this content and require third parties to pay licensing fees for access to
    larger quantities of content. Reddit’s
Developer Terms
are our
    standard terms governing how these services are used by third parties. Please review our public
    content policy
here
for more information about how your public content is publicly available and accessible to
    anyone with access to the internet.
What Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide to us directly when you use the Services.
                      This includes:
Account information
You don't need an account to use Reddit. If you create a Reddit account,
                        your account will have a username, which you provide or which is
                        automatically generated. Your username is public, and it doesn't have to be
                        related to your real name. You may need to provide a password, depending on
                        whether you register using an email address, Single Sign-On (SSO) feature
                        (such as Apple or Google), or phone number. If your account does not have a
                        password, we may send you a SMS message for verification purposes. We may
                        also ask you to select interests during account creation (for example,
                        history, nature, sports) to help generate a home feed for you, or to select
                        communities (such as, r/technology) to join.
When you use Reddit, you may also provide other information, such as a bio,
                        gender, age, location, profile picture, or social link. This information is
                        optional and may be removed at any time.
We also store your user account preferences and settings. We may ask for
                        such information prior to you creating a username or account to help improve
                        your experience exploring Reddit.
Non-Public Content You Submit
In addition to the public content you submit to the Services, we also
                        collect non-public content. This includes your saved drafts of posts or
                        comments, your messages with other users (such as private messages, chats,
                        and modmail), and your reports and other communications with moderators and
                        with us. Your content may include text, links, images, gifs, audio, videos,
                        software, and tools.
Actions you take
We collect information about the actions you take when using the Services.
                        This includes your interactions with the platform and content, like voting,
                        saving, hiding, and reporting. It also includes your interactions with other
                        users, such as following, and blocking. We collect your interactions with
                        communities, like your subscriptions or moderator status.
Transactional information
If you purchase products or services from us or otherwise through the
                        Services, you will have to provide payment information in order to complete
                        your purchase. Reddit uses industry-standard payment processor services
                        (such as Stripe) to handle payment information, and those services are
                        subject to separate terms and conditions and privacy policies. We will
                        collect information about the product or service you are purchasing (for
                        example, purchase dates, amounts paid or received, and expiration and
                        renewal dates).
We may also collect public blockchain data and addresses, such as when you
                        purchase or create a Collectible Avatar, receive or mint an NFT, or create a
                        Reddit Vault. However, we never store Reddit Vault private key information.
Other information
You may choose to provide other information directly to us. For example, we
                        may collect information when you fill out a form, survey, participate in
                        Reddit-sponsored activities, promotions, or programs, apply for a job,
                        request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect
                      information about you. This includes:
Log and usage data
We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may
                        include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system,
                        referral URLs, device information (such as device IDs), device settings,
                        mobile carrier name, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, and
                        search terms. Except for the IP address used to create your account, Reddit
                        will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days.
Information collected from cookies and similar technologies
We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your
                        browser stores and sends back to us when making requests, and similar
                        technologies. We use this information to deliver and maintain our Services,
                        improve your experience, understand user activity, personalize content and
                        advertisements, measure the effectiveness of advertising, and improve the
                        quality of our Services. For example, we store and retrieve information
                        about your preferred language and other settings. See our
Cookie Notice
for more
                        information about how Reddit uses cookies. For more information on how you
                        can disable cookies, please see “Your Choices” below.
Location information
We may receive and process information about your location. We may receive
                        location information from you when you choose to share such information on
                        our Services, including via the Location Customization setting or by
                        associating your content with a location, or we may derive an approximate
                        location based on your IP address.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other
                      users and third parties, and combine that information with the other
                      information we have about you. For example, we may receive demographic or
                      interest information about you from third parties, including advertisers (such
                      as the fact that an advertiser is interested in showing you an ad), and
                      combine it with data you have provided to Reddit, using a common account
                      identifier such as a hash of an email address or a mobile-device ID. You can
                      control how we use this information to personalize advertisements for you by
                      visiting the User Settings menu in your account, as described in the section
                      titled “Your Rights and Choices” below.
Linked services
If you authorize or link a third-party service, such as an unofficial mobile
                        app client, to access your Reddit account, Reddit receives information about
                        your use of that service when it uses that authorization. Linking services
                        may also cause the other service to send us information about your account
                        with that service. For example, if you sign in to Reddit with a third-party
                        identity provider, that provider may share an email address with us. To
                        learn how information is shared with linked services, see “How Information
                        About You Is Shared” below.
Information collected from integrations
We also may receive information about you, including log and usage data and
                        cookie information, from third-party sites that integrate our Services,
                        including our embeds and advertising technology. For example, when you visit
                        a site that uses
Reddit embeds
,
                        we may receive information about the web page you visited. Similarly, if an
                        advertiser incorporates Reddit’s ad technology, Reddit may receive limited
                        information about your activity on the advertiser’s site or app, such as
                        whether you bought something from the advertiser. You can control how we use
                        this information to personalize the Services for you as described in “Your
                        Choices - Controlling Advertising and Analytics” below.
Information Collected by Third Parties
Embedded content
Reddit displays some linked content in-line on the Services via embeds. For
                        example, Reddit posts that link to YouTube or X may load the linked video or
                        tweet within Reddit directly from those services to your device so you don't
                        have to leave Reddit to see it. In general, Reddit does not control how
                        third-party services collect data when they serve you their content directly
                        via these embeds. As a result, embedded content is not covered by this
                        privacy policy but by the policies of the service from which the content is
                        embedded.
Audience measurement
We partner with service providers that perform audience measurement to learn
                        demographic information about the population that uses Reddit. To provide
                        this demographic information, these companies collect cookie information to
                        recognize your device.
Information Collected from Advertisers and Potential Advertisers
Information Collected from Advertisers and Potential Advertisers If you use
                      Reddit Ads (Reddit’s self-serve ads platform at ads.reddit.com), on behalf of
                      your business or organization, we collect some additional information. To sign
                      up for Reddit Ads, you must provide your name, email address, and information
                      about your company. Reddit may make information about your company public to
                      comply with applicable law. If you purchase advertising services, you will
                      need to provide transactional information as described above, and we may also
                      require additional documentation to verify your identity. When using Reddit
                      Ads, we may record a session replay of your visit for customer service,
                      troubleshooting, and usability research purposes.
Information Collected from Reddit Pro Users
If you sign up for Reddit Pro, on behalf of yourself, your business or
                      organization, we may collect some additional information from you, including
                      your profile type, name, industry category, website, and organization size, if
                      applicable. If you request certain limited Reddit Pro features, we may request
                      additional documentation to verify your identity.
Information Collected from Reddit Program Participants and Potential
                        Participants
If you sign up to participate in a Reddit Program (for example, our
                      Contributor Program), we collect, directly or indirectly through our
                      providers, some additional information from you (such as your name, date of
                      birth, address, email, tax, government ID, and payment information). This
                      additional information is used and shared with our third-party payment and
                      compliance providers to determine your eligibility to participate in the
                      applicable Reddit Program, facilitate payments, and comply with law. Those
                      providers and their services are subject to separate terms and conditions and
                      privacy policies.
How We Use Information
We use information about you to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Services;
Personalize services, content, and features that match your activities, preferences, and
      settings;
Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers,
      addressing abuse, and enforcing the Reddit User Agreement and our
other terms and policies
, as well as comply
      with applicable law;
Provide, optimize, target, and measure the effectiveness of ads shown on our Services;
Research and develop new services;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices, and other support and
      administrative messages;
Provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, events, and programs, and
      provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about
      how to opt out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below); and
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services.
How We Share Information
In addition to the content that is displayed publicly as described above, we may share
    information in the following ways:
With your consent
. We may share information about you with your consent or at your
      direction. For example, at your direction through social sharing features that allow you to
      share content with third party sites like Tumblr and X.
With linked services
. If you link your Reddit account with a third-party service,
      Reddit will share the information you authorize with that third-party service. You can control
      this sharing as described in "Your Rights and Choices" below.
With our service providers
. We may share information with vendors, consultants, and
      other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us. Their
      use of personal data will be subject to appropriate confidentiality and security measures. A
      few examples: (i) payment processors who process transactions on our behalf, (ii) cloud
      providers who host our data and our services, (iii) third-party ads measurement providers who
      help us and advertisers measure the performance of ads shown on our Services, and (iv)
      compliance providers who help us determine your eligibility to participate in Reddit Programs.
To comply with the law
. We may share information if we believe disclosure is in
      accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or
      governmental request, including, but not limited to, meeting national security or law
      enforcement requirements. To the extent the law allows it, we will attempt to provide you with
      prior notice before disclosing your information in response to such a request. Our
Transparency Report
has
      additional information about how we respond to government requests.
In an emergency
. We may share information if we believe it's necessary to prevent
      imminent and serious bodily harm to a person.
To enforce our rights and promote safety and security
. We may share information if we
      believe your actions are inconsistent with our User Agreement,
rules
, or
other Reddit terms and policies
, or to
      protect the rights, property, and safety of the Services, ourselves, and others.
With our affiliates
. We may share information between and among Reddit, and any of
      our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.
Aggregated or de-identified information
. We may share information about you that has
      been aggregated or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you. For
      example, we may show the total number of times a post has been upvoted without identifying who
      the visitors were, or we may tell an advertiser how many people saw their ad.
How We Protect Your Information
We take measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and
        unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. For example, we use HTTPS
        while information is being transmitted. We also enforce technical and administrative access
        controls to limit which of our employees have access to non-public personal information.
You can help maintain the security of your account by configuring
two-factor authentication
.
We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for
        which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business
        purposes and/or if we believe doing so is in accordance with, or as required by, any
        applicable law. For example, if you violate our policies and your account is suspended or
        banned, we may store the identifiers used to create the account (such as phone number) to
        prevent you from creating new accounts.
Your Rights and Choices
You have choices about how to protect and limit the collection, use, and sharing of
        information about you when you use the Services. Depending on where you live, you may also
        have the right to correction/rectification of your personal information, to opt out of
        certain advertising practices, or to withdraw consent for processing where you have
        previously provided consent. Below we explain how to exercise each of these rights. Reddit
        does not discriminate against users for exercising their rights under data protection laws.
Accessing and Changing Your Information
You can access your information and change or correct certain information
                          through the Services. See our
Help Center
page for more information. You can also request a copy of the personal
                          information Reddit maintains about you by following the process described
here
.
Deleting Your Account
You may delete your account information at any time from the user
                          preferences page. For more information, please visit our
Help Center
. When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible to
                          other users and disassociated from content you posted under that account.
                          Please note, however, that the posts, comments, and messages you submitted
                          prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you
                          first delete the specific content. After you submit a request to delete
                          your account, our purge script commences the deletion process within 90
                          days. After running our purge script, Reddit will not be able to provide
                          access to deleted data. We may also retain certain information about you
                          for legitimate business purposes and/or if we believe doing so is in
                          accordance with, or as required by, any applicable law.
Controlling Linked Services' Access to Your Account
You can review the services you have permitted to access your account and
                          revoke access to individual services by visiting your account’s
Apps page
(for third-party
                          app authorizations), the Connected Accounts section of your
Account Settings
(for Google
                          Sign-In, Sign in with Apple, and connected X accounts), and the Social
                          links section of your
Profile Settings
.
Controlling Personalized Advertising
You may opt out of us using information we collect from third parties,
                          including advertising partners, to personalize the ads you see on Reddit.
                          To do so, visit the Privacy section of the User Settings in your account
here
, if using
                          desktop, and in your Account Settings if using the Reddit mobile app.
Controlling the Use of Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you
                          can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and
                          third-party cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject
                          cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our
                          Services. For more information on controlling how cookies and similar
                          technologies are used on Reddit, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Controlling Advertising and Analytics
Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out
                          mechanisms and we may provide, as needed and as available, additional
                          tools and third-party services that allow you to better understand cookies
                          and how you can opt out. For example, you may manage the use and
                          collection of certain information by
Google Analytics
via the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
. You can opt out of the Audience Measurement services provided by
Nielsen
and
Quantcast
.
You may also generally opt out of receiving personalized advertisements
                          from certain third-party advertisers and ad networks. To learn more about
                          these advertisements or to opt out, please visit the sites of the
Digital Advertising Alliance
and the
Network Advertising Initiative
, or if you are a user in the European Economic Area,
Your Online Choices
.
Do Not Track
Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal
                          to the sites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked.
                          However, there is no accepted standard for how a site should respond to
                          this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal.
                          Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you
                          the choices described in this policy to manage the collection and use of
                          information about you.
Controlling Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving some or all categories of promotional
                          communications from us by following the instructions in those
                          communications or by updating your email options in your account
                          preferences
here
. If you opt
                          out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional
                          communications, such as information about your account or your use of the
                          Services.
Controlling Mobile Notifications
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push
                          notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these
                          messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile
                          device.
Controlling Location Information
You can control how we use location information for feed and
                          recommendations customization via the
Location Customization
setting in your Account Settings.
If you have questions or are not able to submit a request to exercise your rights using
          the mechanisms above, you may also email us at
redditdatarequests@reddit.com
from the
          email address that you have verified with your Reddit account, or submit them
here
.
Before we process a request from you about your personal information, we need to verify
          the request via your access to your Reddit account or to a verified email address
          associated with your Reddit account. If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision
          by contacting us at
redditdatarequests@reddit.com
.
International Data Transfers
Reddit, Inc. is based in the United States and we process and store information on servers
      located in the United States. We may store information on servers and equipment in other
      countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service
      providers. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you
      consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the United States
      and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.
When we transfer the personal data of users in the EEA, UK and/or Switzerland, we rely on the
      Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission for such transfers or other
      transfer mechanisms deemed ‘adequate’ under applicable laws.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure
Reddit complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to
      the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by
      the U.S. Department of Commerce. Reddit has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that
      it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with
      regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United
      Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Reddit has
      certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
      Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal
      data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict
      between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S.
      DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework
      (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Reddit’s compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the
      U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, Reddit is also liable for onward
      transfers to third parties that process personal information in a way that does not follow the
      DPF unless Reddit was not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding arbitration. You
      can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in Annex I to the
      DPF
framework
. In compliance
      with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S.
DPF
, Reddit commits to
      refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on
      the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an
      alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive
      timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not
      addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to
      you.
Additional Information for EEA and UK Users
If you live in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Reddit Netherlands B.V., is the controller
      of information processed in connection with the Reddit platform and this policy. If you live
      in the United Kingdom (“UK”), Reddit, Inc., is the data controller and Reddit UK Limited is
      Reddit’s UK GDPR Article 27 Representative.
Users in the EEA and UK have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of
      their personal data; to data portability in certain circumstances; to request restriction of
      processing; to object to processing; and to withdraw consent for processing where they have
      previously provided consent. These rights can be exercised as described in the “Your Rights
      and Choices section above. EEA users also have the right to lodge a complaint with their local
      supervisory authority.
As required by applicable law, we collect and process information about individuals in the EEA
      and UK only where we have a legal basis for doing so. Our legal bases depend on the Services
      you use and how you use them. We process your information where:
It is necessary to fulfill our contract with you, including
to provide, operate, and improve the Services, provide customer support, personalize
        features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection
        interests), such as preventing fraud, ensuring network and information security, enforcing
        our rules and policies, protecting our legal rights and interests, research and development,
        personalizing the Services, and marketing and promoting the Services;
You have consented for us to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your information to comply with our legal obligations.
Additional Information for California Users
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), as amended, requires us to provide California
      residents with some additional information, which we address in this section.
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information from
      California residents, depending on the Services used:
Identifiers and account information, like your Reddit username, email address, phone number,
        IP address, and cookie information.
Commercial information, including information about transactions you undertake with us.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information about your
        activity on our Services and limited information about your activity on the services of
        advertisers who use our advertising technology.
Geolocation information based on your IP address.
Your messages with other users (for example, private messages, chats, and modmail).
Audiovisual information in pictures, audio, or video content submitted to Reddit.
Professional or employment-related information or demographic information, but only if you
        explicitly provide it to us, such as by applying for a job or filling out a survey.
Inferences we make based on other collected data, for purposes such as recommending content,
        advertising, and analytics.
You can find more information about (a) what we collect and sources of that information in the
      “Information We Collect” section of this notice, (b) the business and commercial purposes for
      collecting that information in the “How We Use Your Information” section, and (c) the
      categories of third parties with whom we share that information in the “How We Share
      Information” section.
If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under the CCPA, including the
      right to opt out of any sales or sharing of your personal information, to request access to
      and information about our data practices, and to request deletion or correction of your
      personal information, as well as the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your
      privacy rights. Reddit does not “sell” or “share” personal information as those terms are
      defined under the CCPA. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information except to
      provide you the Services or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA.
You may exercise your rights to access, delete, or correct your personal information as
      described in the “Your Rights and Choices” section of this notice. When you make a request, we
      will verify your identity by asking you to sign into your account or if necessary by
      requesting additional information from you. You may also make a rights request using an
      authorized agent. If you submit a rights request from an authorized agent who does not provide
      a valid power of attorney, we may ask the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave the
      agent signed permission to submit the request to exercise rights on your behalf. In the
      absence of a valid power of attorney, we may also require you to verify your own identity
      directly with us or confirm to us that you otherwise provided the authorized agent permission
      to submit the request. If you have any questions or concerns, you may reach us using the
      methods described under “Your Rights and Choices” or by emailing us at
redditdatarequests@reddit.com
.
Children
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the
      Services. Additionally, if you are located outside the United States, you must be over the age
      required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we
      need to have obtained verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian.
Changes to This Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know by
      revising the date at the top of the policy. If the changes, in our sole discretion, are
      material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your
      account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice
      through our Services. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed
      about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. By continuing
      to use our Services after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you agree to be bound by the
      revised policy.
Contact Us
If you have other questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Reddit, Inc.
548 Market St. #16093
San Francisco, California 94104
For email inquiries, you may reach our Data Protection Office at
dpo@reddit.com
.
Users in the European Economic Area may contact us at:
Reddit Netherlands B.V.
Euro Business Center
Keizersgracht 62, 1015CS Amsterdam
Netherlands
dpo@reddit.com
United Kingdom Users may contact us at:
Reddit UK Limited,
5 New Street Square,
London, United Kingdom,
EC4A 3TW
ukrepresentative@reddit.com
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement:
This is the Trace Id: 42f0164c06e286f5ff2f700ec3282071
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalized offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilize in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalized ads, and analyze site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favorites
. Data about your interests and favorites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track, or cities you add to track things like weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalized app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalization
. Many products include personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalized features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organizations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain U.S. state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organization to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organization to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organizations, and the public — for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent, and combat harmful or illegal behavior including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Center (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Center website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your
communication permissions
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programs, activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organization can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organization provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organization's policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organization’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organization, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organization. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organization and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organization, please contact your organization. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organization as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorized educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioral targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorized educational or school purposes or as authorized by the parent, guardian, or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalization and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalization, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalization, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third party can display your name or user name and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third party or its vendors (e.g., payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfill your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, and relevant contact information). The third party can use or share the data it receives when you sign in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organization. If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organization, you may also use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organization, and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organization’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organization’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organization to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organization, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organization.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organizer in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternate email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centers in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data center in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilizes your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable U.S. state laws, for personalized advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalized advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data, and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practices, and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalized advertising purposes under applicable U.S. state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share”, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes on third party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalized ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalized advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfill orders; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalize, and activate our products; customer support; help, secure, and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfill requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email, or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalized advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalized ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries, or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about automobiles, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalized advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalized advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalized advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalized advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalized advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practices and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programs:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care. We will also personalize ads based on custom, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalized advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process, or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalized advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC, and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images, or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g., “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language, and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalize the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g., “summarize this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities, and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel, and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use, and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimizes data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customization features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA),
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modeling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party inquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimize your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organization’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorized partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorize Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organization, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organization, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organization, the service syncs some of your customized settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customized settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyze your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyze content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be grayed out or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyzes your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licenses. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content - for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customizable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features like chat, web search, voice search, and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos, and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organize daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes, and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalized experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalized news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronized across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your zip code.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen setups with Microsoft Launcher's backup and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers, or login information and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organization in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organizations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organization’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organization’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organization's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalized experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and roam customized settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorization code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organization (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organizational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your user name, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analyzed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things like search for news, play games, and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games, and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your user name, email address, or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practices. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programs described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality, using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarizing from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience, and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement program for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Program, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Program at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalization through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalization features to customize your interests, favorites, and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalization settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favorites, downloads, history, extensions, and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favorites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), passwords, payment information, and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalize or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping, and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favorites, usage data, web content, and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalized ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard you will continue to receive personalized web experiences like search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favorites, usage and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalized experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalization
or
Share info about websites you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual user on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalize or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalize your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Custom Translator, and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalized autocorrection and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model. This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognized as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign into your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data, and model data to analyze service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronized with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronization and backup. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your license to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your license. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalized experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device's service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organization (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrolls your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organization. If an organization uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organization will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring, and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organization, and for other purposes of the organization.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider program.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programs are launched on a device, how long they run, and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimizes the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalized offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalized offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalized offers include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalized offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalize offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalize offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalize offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalizing offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalize offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalized search, ads, and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations, and promotions to provide and improve the personalized offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers, you can visit your
Personalized ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalize offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalized offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize tips, ads, and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers by visiting your
Personalized ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalized offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalized offers applies to tips, offers, ads, and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalized offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalized offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalized offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalization is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalization is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalization when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customize your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign into Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organization (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign into Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organization. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organization’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin center by your organization’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case.  Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organization’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular modem, etc.) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using cellular service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage, and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your mobile phone and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialed within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word directly from your mobile phone. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognized, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action, and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios like opening and switching between apps, browsing the web, and reading and authoring mail. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognize speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalization
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a custom word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalization at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your custom word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalization in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows backup and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favorites, downloads, and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favorites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favorites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyze screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g., snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organized chronologically and visualized in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and backup settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favorites tab lets you view photos and videos you previously liked or favorited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organize your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organize your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as user name and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organization (such as a company email address), the owner of the organizational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognize your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID, and Country (coarse location determined by Cellular Network ID or Wi-Fi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimize cache, stop or recover from unauthorized changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through custom block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan,” when you block pop-up windows through custom block, you can help us optimize the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organize, view, and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognize the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organizers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customize your interests and favorites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalization through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your custom settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 7
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads:
Skip to main content
Help Center
Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Sign in
Contact Us
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
About personalized ads
We work with ads partners to bring you more useful and interesting advertising content through interest-based advertising. For example, we may do this based on information that ad partners share with us. We hope that this increases the usefulness of X Ads for you.
Here’s one way it would work. Let’s say a flower shop wants to advertise a Valentine’s Day special on X. They’d prefer to show their ad to floral enthusiasts who subscribe to their newsletter. To get the special offer to those people who are using X, the shop may share with us hashed emails from their mailing list. We can then match that to a hash of emails that our users have associated with their accounts in order to show them a Promoted post for the Valentine’s Day deal on X.
Another way this works is when a person visits the flower shop’s website. In that case, depending on technologies implemented by the shop’s website, X may collect information through pixels and similar technologies that enable the shop owner to advertise through X and reach those visitors with a Valentine’s Day offer. For more information about pixels and similar technologies we use, see our
Cookie Policy
.
About X marketing
In addition to helping advertisers to reach their audiences on X, X also works with third-party advertising partners, including Google, to market X’s own services, including through the delivery of interest-based ads. These partners may also serve ads on behalf of X advertisers. The privacy options described below apply to interest-based ads served by X; they do not apply to ads served by these other companies, including on X’s behalf. You can learn more about opting out of receiving interest-based ads from other companies at
optout.aboutads.info
and
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. If you are on the web, you can also opt out of Google Analytics by installing Google’s
opt-out browser add-on
, and opt out of interest-based Google ads using
Google’s Ads Settings
.
What are my privacy options?
If you don't want X to combine your activity on X with other online activity from our partners to show you interest-based ads on and off of X, there are several ways to turn off this feature:
Using your X settings, visit the
Ads preferences
settings and disable the
Personalized ads
setting.
If you are on the web, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice tool at
optout.aboutads.info
to opt out of seeing interest-based advertising from X in your current browser.
On iOS 13 and previous versions only, if you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for iOS on your current mobile device, enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting in your iOS phone’s settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). On iOS 14 and later versions only, if you don't want X to access your iOS Identifier for Advertising, disable the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). If you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for Android on your current mobile device, enable “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android phone’s settings.
Note:
Please confirm that you are logged in if you want to view or change the web settings for your X account. Changing your X settings in your web browser when you are logged out will only affect behavior on that browser while you are not logged in to X.
Opting out of X’s interest-based ads won’t stop you from seeing X ads altogether. For example, you may still see ads on X that are personalized based on other information, including what you post, who you follow, what type of phone you use, where you are, and the links you click on X.
Share this article
Post
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 8
https://searchads.apple.com/en/privacy/:
Apple Ads
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Advanced
Basic
Our Approach
Success Stories
Help
Resources
Sign In
Advanced
(Opens in a new window)
Basic
(Opens in a new window)
Apple
Search Ads
and privacy.
Privacy is at the center of everything we do.
Apple Search Ads has been built from the ground up to respect privacy. Our advertising platform is designed to protect users’ information and give them control over how we use it for advertising.
No user tracking or
data sharing
Apple Search Ads doesn’t buy or share users’ personal information with other companies. We don’t track people by linking user or device data collected from Apple apps with user or device data collected from third parties for advertising targeting or measurement. And we don’t share user or device data with data brokers.
Users’ Apple Pay transactions, Health app data, and HomeKit app data are not used by Apple Search Ads to deliver ads.
Easy control for users
Users may view and limit the information Apple uses to deliver relevant ads to them, by choosing whether to enable the Personalized Ads setting. They may also choose whether location-based information can be used to determine which ads they see.
More about ad preferences
Minors protected
Apple Search Ads doesn’t serve ads to any user whose Apple Account is registered to a minor under 13 years of age or set up as a Managed Apple Account. Nor do we collect, use, or disclose any information from them.
Apple Search Ads also doesn’t allow explicit targeting of people whose Apple Account is registered to a user under the age of 18.
Safe content
Every app on the App Store goes through a thorough review, as do the assets used to promote it. Only these approved assets can be used in Apple Search Ads campaigns.
Transparency and
disclosure
All ads have an “Ad” mark so customers can identify the ads as paid placements. They can tap this mark to see the information used to serve the ad.
How we connect customers and advertisers.
Apple Search Ads empowers advertisers, while protecting individuals.
Advertisers have the ability to deliver targeted ads to customer segments, which are groups of people with similar characteristics. Each segment must contain at least 5000 people, which ensures that no customer can be individually targeted.
To ensure we deliver the most relevant ads, Apple Search Ads may use the following:
Account Information
This includes the information a customer includes in their Apple Account.
App Store Data
This includes information provided by developers to define and categorize their apps. It also includes insights derived from non-personal historical search terms, App Store downloads, App Store browsing activity, and in-app purchases made through the App Store.
App Transaction Data
This includes historical information about users’ transactions on the App Store, including apps they’ve downloaded and in-app purchases they’ve made.
Contextual Information
This includes a customer’s device type, iOS version, time of day, device location, search query, and information about the page they’re viewing, or app they're downloading.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy:
Are you an agency specialized in UX, digital marketing, or growth? Join our
Partner Program
Close banner
Hotjar Logo
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Case studies
Resources
Contact Sales
Sign in
Get started
English
Language
Get started
Toggle navigation menu
Company / Privacy
Your privacy & Hotjar
From day one, Hotjar was designed and built with privacy in mind. We wanted to help our customers improve their websites and create better user experiences, while keeping privacy at the core of our software—and we’ve been doing it since 2014.
Today, Hotjar is used on over 900,000 websites in 180+ countries. We believe we have a responsibility to set the example and protect not just the privacy of our customers, but also that of the people who visit their websites—in other words: you.
Company / Privacy
Your privacy & Hotjar
From day one, Hotjar was designed and built with privacy in mind. We wanted to help our customers improve their websites and create better user experiences, while keeping privacy at the core of our software—and we’ve been doing it since 2014.
Today, Hotjar is used on over 900,000 websites in 180+ countries. We believe we have a responsibility to set the example and protect not just the privacy of our customers, but also that of the people who visit their websites—in other words: you.
Improving websites, for you.
Online businesses use Hotjar to create better website experiences.
Nobody wants to waste their time on a website that is confusing and hard to navigate.
You know it, we know it, and website owners know it too—which is why they turn to Hotjar.
Website owners use Hotjar to better understand user behavior: what actions people take on a website, what elements of a page they click or ignore, what they enjoy, where they struggle. With this insight, website owners can then make changes that improve the overall experience for all website users. And that includes you.
Show more
We record interactions, not your sensitive data.
Hotjar is designed for websites to get insights. And respect your privacy.
When you browse a website that has Hotjar installed, we collect data about your interactions (e.g. where you click, scroll your mouse, move in between pages) and use it to create visual representations of the experience. Website owners get these insights without tracking IP/MAC addresses-- the stuff that relates to the device you use.
Some Hotjar tools, like session recordings, reconstruct the individual actions you took during a website visit; others, like heatmaps, aggregate data points from you and hundreds of other visitors in one report.
But in all cases, by default, sensitive data that you might enter on the site (your credit card details or phone numbers) will never reach our servers: we cannot see it, and neither can the website owner. Hotjar customers viewing a session recording will only see asterisks (‘***’ ) instead of numbers.
For more information, head over to our
Privacy FAQs.
Show more
We will never share or sell your data.
Not to advertisers. Not to third-party services. Not to anyone.
Nobody here at Hotjar likes the idea of tools following us around different websites or companies sharing and selling our data without our permission. We are committed to making sure this doesn’t happen to you, either.
Hotjar is designed to help make websites easier to use, and the data we track about your website visit (for example, what and where you click) is only used for this purpose. We don’t follow you around the Internet: website owners who use Hotjar cannot see or find out about your activity on sites they don’t own. Likewise, we don’t harvest personal data or sell it to anyone, ever, for any reason. Nor do we mine it for profiling or advertising purposes.
To learn more about data privacy, head over to our
Privacy FAQs.
Show more
Request and access your data, anytime.
Your data is stored securely, and you can ask to see it whenever you want.
As a website visitor, you have the right to request access to the personal identifiable information a website owner collected and stored about you. You also have the right to request that this information is deleted.
At any time, you can request a website owner who uses Hotjar to give you access to your data. They can run a search for personal data from inside the Hotjar dashboard; the system will then generate and email you a report that lets you view, and delete, any data connected with you.
To learn more about data privacy and accessing your data, head over to our
Privacy FAQs.
Show more
Tracking: we'll always give you options.
If you prefer websites not to track data about your visit, we can help.
If you prefer websites not to track data about your visit, we can help.
If you want to stop a website using Hotjar from collecting data about your visit, you should know that the website owner is responsible for getting your consent to collect and process data about your visit (and must allow you to withdraw that consent as well).
But we understand that you might want Hotjar (and other tools) to not process data about you regardless of whether a site owner asks for permission or not, so we want to give you an extra option. If you put a ‘Do Not Track’ flag on your browser, Hotjar will look for it before we collect any data about your site visit. Not everybody does that, but we do.
For more information about this take a look at our
guide on how ‘Do Not Track’ in your browser works
.
Show more
Compliance commitment: GDPR, CCPA, and more.
Our customers can use Hotjar in a compliant manner, for you.
We have followed a ‘privacy by design’ approach since our very first day, back in 2014, so we’re big supporters of privacy acts and regulations like the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD) that enhance your privacy rights and protection as a consumer.
We have built the necessary controls around anonymity and consent to make sure website owners who use Hotjar can do it in a compliant manner. Plus, our legal team is fully committed to keeping up-to-date with any changes in the law and making sure they are reflected in our product.
You can read more about GDPR, CCPA, LGPD, and our other commitments over in our
Compliance resources.
Show more
Questions? We’ve got you covered.
From FAQs to in-depth resources - our help center has everything you need to know about Hotjar relating to privacy, compliance, legal, and security.
Take me there
Sub-policy 10
https://branch.io/policies/#privacy:
Error
All Contracts
Acceptable Use Policy
Branch Advocacy Program Terms and Conditions
Branch SaaS Terms & Conditions
California Privacy Addendum
CCPA Resources
Data Subject Rights - CCPA & Other U.S. States
Data Subject Rights - EU
Data Subject Rights - LGPD
Information Security & Privacy Standards
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Onboarding Services SOW
Privacy Opt-Out
Privacy Policy
Professional Services Hours SOW
Professional Services Terms & Conditions
Reseller Customer Terms & Conditions
SaaS Branch App DPA
Service Level Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Technical Audit Services SOW
Third Party List
Website Terms of Service
Effective December 31st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services Acceptable Use Policy
Last updated December 30, 2024
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive.
Applicability
. This Branch AUP applies to all Branch Customers, as well as all Authorized Users You provide access to the Services to on Your behalf.
Definitions
. The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement.
Prohibited Actions
. You will not use, or facilitate or allow others to use, Branch’s Services to do any of the following:
collect, transmit or store any information or content that is offensive, illegal, fraudulent, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically based or otherwise poses a threat to the public;
collect, transmit or store any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;
for any content or activity that promotes or appears to promote human trafficking, or child sexual exploitation or abuse, or any other similar activity;
to interfere with or violate the rights of others (such as privacy rights and intellectual property rights);
collect, transmit, or store any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g. driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation;
create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 18), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 18), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 18), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdkprivacy-controls within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 18), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA); or
use in any way, that in Branch’s judgment, threatens the security, integrity or availability of the Services.
Intellectual Property Restrictions
. You shall not attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, copy or decompile the Services in any way. You shall also refrain from infringing any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party (including, but not limited to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") in Your use of the Services. Branch reserves the right to take any and all actions it deems necessary to mitigate and discontinue any suspected or actual infringement of the foregoing.
Service Integrity Restrictions.
You shall not attempt to perform any penetration testing, security vulnerability testing or other scans or tests to exploit the Services or attempt to bypass the Service’s security mechanisms or filtering capabilities. Additionally, You shall not attempt to perform any denial of service (DoS) attack on the Services or any other conduct that attempts to disrupt, disable, or overload the Services.
Investigation and Enforcement.
We may investigate accounts associated with any suspected violation of this AUP and remove or disable access to any content or resource that violates this AUP, including the suspension of the Services and/or termination of any agreements between you and Branch. You agree to cooperate with us to remedy any violation.
When determining whether there has been a violation of this AUP, we may consider your ability and willingness to comply with this AUP, including the policies and processes you have in place to prevent or identify and remove any prohibited content or activity. A violation of this AUP will be considered a material breach of the Agreement governing your use of the Services.
Reporting of Violations.
Potential violations of this AUP may be reported to
security@branch.io
.
Changes to this Policy.
We may modify this AUP at our sole discretion which will be effective upon posting of such modified version to Branch’s website at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
.
Effective November 1st 2024
to
December 31st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services Acceptable Use Policy
Last updated November 1, 2024
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive.
Applicability
. This Branch AUP applies to all Branch Customers, as well as all Authorized Users You provide access to the Services to on Your behalf.
Definitions
. The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement.
Prohibited Actions.
You will not use, or facilitate or allow others to use, Branch’s Services to do any of the following:
collect, transmit or store any information or content that is offensive, illegal, fraudulent, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically based or otherwise poses a threat to the public;
collect, transmit or store any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;
for any content or activity that promotes or appears to promote human trafficking, or child sexual exploitation or abuse, or any other similar activity;
to interfere with or violate the rights of others (such as privacy rights and intellectual property rights).
collect, transmit, or store any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g. driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation; or
create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdkprivacy-controls within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA)
use in any way, that in Branch’s judgment, threatens the security, integrity or availability of the Services.
Intellectual Property Restrictions
. You shall not attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, copy or decompile the Services in any way. You shall also refrain from infringing any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party (including, but not limited to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") in Your use of the Services. Branch reserves the right to take any and all actions it deems necessary to mitigate and discontinue any suspected or actual infringement of the foregoing.
Service Integrity Restrictions
. You shall not attempt to perform any penetration testing, security vulnerability testing or other scans or tests to exploit the Services or attempt to bypass the Service’s security mechanisms or filtering capabilities. Additionally, You shall not attempt to perform any denial of service (DoS) attack on the Services or any other conduct that attempts to disrupt, disable, or overload the Services.
Investigation and Enforcement.
We may investigate accounts associated with any suspected violation of this AUP and remove or disable access to any content or resource that violates this AUP, including the suspension of the Services and/or termination of any agreements between you and Branch. You agree to cooperate with us to remedy any violation.
When determining whether there has been a violation of this AUP, we may consider your ability and willingness to comply with this AUP, including the policies and processes you have in place to prevent or identify and remove any prohibited content or activity. A violation of this AUP will be considered a material breach of the Agreement governing your use of the Services.
Reporting of Violations.
Potential violations of this AUP may be reported to
security@branch.io
.
Changes to this Policy.
We may modify this AUP at our sole discretion which will be effective upon posting of such modified version to Branch’s website at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
.
Effective November 1st 2024
to
November 1st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services Acceptable Use Policy
Last updated November 2, 2024
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive.
Applicability
. This Branch AUP applies to all Branch Customers, as well as all Authorized Users You provide access to the Services to on Your behalf.
Definitions
. The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement.
Prohibited Actions.
You will not use, or facilitate or allow others to use, Branch’s Services to do any of the following:
collect, transmit or store any information or content that is offensive, illegal, fraudulent, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically based or otherwise poses a threat to the public;
collect, transmit or store any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;
for any content or activity that promotes or appears to promote human trafficking, or child sexual exploitation or abuse, or any other similar activity;
to interfere with or violate the rights of others (such as privacy rights and intellectual property rights).
collect, transmit, or store any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g. driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation; or
create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdkprivacy-controls within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA)
use in any way, that in Branch’s judgment, threatens the security, integrity or availability of the Services.
Intellectual Property Restrictions
. You shall not attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, copy or decompile the Services in any way. You shall also refrain from infringing any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party (including, but not limited to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") in Your use of the Services. Branch reserves the right to take any and all actions it deems necessary to mitigate and discontinue any suspected or actual infringement of the foregoing.
Service Integrity Restrictions
. You shall not attempt to perform any penetration testing, security vulnerability testing or other scans or tests to exploit the Services or attempt to bypass the Service’s security mechanisms or filtering capabilities. Additionally, You shall not attempt to perform any denial of service (DoS) attack on the Services or any other conduct that attempts to disrupt, disable, or overload the Services.
Investigation and Enforcement.
We may investigate accounts associated with any suspected violation of this AUP and remove or disable access to any content or resource that violates this AUP, including the suspension of the Services and/or termination of any agreements between you and Branch. You agree to cooperate with us to remedy any violation.
When determining whether there has been a violation of this AUP, we may consider your ability and willingness to comply with this AUP, including the policies and processes you have in place to prevent or identify and remove any prohibited content or activity. A violation of this AUP will be considered a material breach of the Agreement governing your use of the Services.
Reporting of Violations.
Potential violations of this AUP may be reported to
security@branch.io
.
Changes to this Policy.
We may modify this AUP at our sole discretion which will be effective upon posting of such modified version to Branch’s website at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
.
Effective January 1st 2023
to
November 1st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services
Acceptable Use Policy
Last updated June 10, 2022
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive.
Applicability.
This Branch AUP applies to all Branch Customers, as well as all Authorized Users You provide access to the Services to on Your behalf. A breach of this AUP by You or any Authorized Users is considered a breach of the Agreement between You and Branch.
Definitions.
The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement.
Prohibited Actions.
You will not use Branch’s Services to do any of the following:
collect, transmit or store any information or content that that is illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically based or otherwise poses a threat to the public;
collect, transmit or store any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;
collect, transmit, or store any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g. driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation; or
create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at
https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdk-privacy-controls
within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA)
Intellectual Property Restrictions.
You shall not attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, copy or decompile the Services in any way. You shall also refrain from infringing any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party (including, but not limited to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") in Your use of the Services. Branch reserves the right to take any and all actions it deems necessary to mitigate and discontinue any suspected or actual infringement of the foregoing.
Service Integrity Restrictions.
You shall not attempt to perform any penetration testing, security vulnerability testing or other scans or tests to exploit the Services or attempt to bypass the Service’s security mechanisms or filtering capabilities. Additionally, You shall not attempt to perform any denial of service (DoS) attack on the Services or any other conduct that attempts to disrupt, disable, or overload the Services.
Effective October 11th 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services
Acceptable Use Policy
Last updated June 10, 2022
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive.
Applicability.
This Branch AUP applies to all Branch Customers, as well as all Authorized Users You provide access to the Services to on Your behalf. A breach of this AUP by You or any Authorized Users is considered a breach of the Agreement between You and Branch.
Definitions.
The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement.
Prohibited Actions.
You will not use Branch’s Services to do any of the following:
collect, transmit or store any information or content that that is illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically based or otherwise poses a threat to the public;
collect, transmit or store any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;
collect, transmit, or store any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g. driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation; or
create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at
https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdk-privacy-controls
within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA)
Intellectual Property Restrictions.
You shall not attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, copy or decompile the Services in any way. You shall also refrain from infringing any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party (including, but not limited to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") in Your use of the Services. Branch reserves the right to take any and all actions it deems necessary to mitigate and discontinue any suspected or actual infringement of the foregoing.
Service Integrity Restrictions.
You shall not attempt to perform any penetration testing, security vulnerability testing or other scans or tests to exploit the Services or attempt to bypass the Service’s security mechanisms or filtering capabilities. Additionally, You shall not attempt to perform any denial of service (DoS) attack on the Services or any other conduct that attempts to disrupt, disable, or overload the Services.
Effective July 1st 2022
to
October 11th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services
Acceptable Use Policy
Last updated June 10, 2022
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive.
Applicability.
This Branch AUP applies to all Branch Customers, as well as all Authorized Users You provide access to the Services to on Your behalf. A breach of this AUP by You or any Authorized Users is considered a breach of the Agreement between You and Branch.
Definitions.
The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement.
Prohibited Actions.
You will not use Branch’s Services to do any of the following:
collect, transmit or store any information or content that that is illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically based or otherwise poses a threat to the public;
collect, transmit or store any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;
collect, transmit, or store any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g. driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation; or
create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at
https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdk-privacy-controls
within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA)
Intellectual Property Restrictions.
You shall not attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, copy or decompile the Services in any way. You shall also refrain from infringing any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party (including, but not limited to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") in Your use of the Services. Branch reserves the right to take any and all actions it deems necessary to mitigate and discontinue any suspected or actual infringement of the foregoing.
Service Integrity Restrictions.
You shall not attempt to perform any penetration testing, security vulnerability testing or other scans or tests to exploit the Services or attempt to bypass the Service’s security mechanisms or filtering capabilities. Additionally, You shall not attempt to perform any denial of service (DoS) attack on the Services or any other conduct that attempts to disrupt, disable, or overload the Services.
Effective June 1st 2022
to
July 1st 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services
Acceptable Use Policy
L
ast updated March 26th, 2020
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and C
onditions, or in
stead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive.
Definitions.
The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement.
Prohibited Actions.
You will not use Branch’s Services to do any of the following:
upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any information that contains anything unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
harm Us or third parties in any way;
impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent Customer’s affiliation with a person or entity;
upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any information that Customer does not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any information that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party;
upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;
upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
upload, post, email, enable the Services to collect, or otherwise transmit any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g. driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation;
create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at
https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdk-privacy-controls
within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA);
interfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Services;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation;
reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the underlying code of the Services;
“stalk” or otherwise harass another; or
permit any third party which pools or aggregates data across its customers to use the data provided to Customer through the Services for its own benefit or use.
Effective June 7th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Branch Advocacy Program Terms and Conditions
Introduction
. These Terms & Conditions ("Terms") constitute a legal agreement between Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation doing business as Branch Metrics ("Branch," "we," or "us") and the entity or individual participating in the Branch Advocacy Program ("Advocate," "you," or "your"). These Terms govern your participation in the Advocacy Program, which is designed to foster collaboration between Branch and its customers and provide opportunities for Advocates to share their experiences.
Definitions
. "Advocates" are defined as current customers of Branch who engage in at least one Advocacy Activity per year. “Advocacy Activities” may include testimonials, case studies, referrals, participation in beta testing, or speaking engagements at events.
ROI Workshops
. Advocates who engage in three or more distinct Advocacy Activities are eligible for an in-depth hour and a half ROI workshop conducted by Branch's in-house mobile growth experts. Each activity must be unique and different to qualify (e.g. a testimonial and a case study, not two testimonials).
Technical Advisory Hours
. The first four Advocates to collaborate with Branch on four or more unique activities will receive 20 hours of complimentary Branch Professional Service advisory hours. Only available to North America based accounts at this time. These hours may be used at the Advocate's discretion and are subject to the applicable Terms and Conditions at:
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ts-cs
.
Eligibility
. The Branch Advocacy Program is open to all active customers of Branch. Self-serve customers are excluded.
Rewards and Incentives
. Advocates may receive rewards, incentives, or recognition for their Advocacy Activities. The nature and value of these rewards are determined by Branch and may vary based on the type and extent of advocacy.
Compliance
. To be eligible for the Advocacy Program, participants must adhere to all applicable laws, regulations, and contractual obligations to Branch, and Branch's policies and guidelines.
Non-Exclusivity
. Advocates may participate in similar activities with other organizations, provided they are not direct competitors of Branch.
Rights to Content
. By participating in advocacy activities, Advocates grant Branch a non-exclusive license to use Advocate’s content (e.g., testimonials, case studies), which may include Advocate's company name and logo for promotional purposes while Advocates remain customers of Branch, and for up to two (2) years after Branch terminates the Advocate’s products and services.
Term and Termination
. Branch reserves the right to modify, suspend, or terminate the Advocacy Program at any time without prior notice.
Discretion
. Branch has the final authority on decisions regarding eligibility, rewards, incentives, and all other aspects of the Advocacy Program.
Communication
. Participants may receive communications related to the Advocacy Program, including updates, announcements, and requests for participation.
Disclaimer of Warranty
. Branch provides the Advocacy Program, including office hours, Professional Service advisory hours, "as is" and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied. Branch specifically disclaims any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Limitation of Liability
. Branch shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, special, or punitive damages, including lost profits, arising out of or in connection with these Terms or participation in the Advocacy Program. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, Branch's total liability to you for any claim arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Advocacy Program, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is limited to $6,000.00.
Merger and Integration
. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Branch regarding your participation in the Advocacy Program and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, proposals, and agreements, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and Branch.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Any legal action or proceeding arising under these Terms will be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the Northern District of California, and the parties hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue therein.
By participating in the Advocacy Program, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
Effective May 20th 2024
to
June 7th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Branch Advocacy Program Terms and Conditions
Introduction
. These Terms & Conditions ("Terms") constitute a legal agreement between Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation doing business as Branch Metrics ("Branch," "we," or "us") and the entity or individual participating in the Branch Advocacy Program ("Advocate," "you," or "your"). These Terms govern your participation in the Advocacy Program, which is designed to foster collaboration between Branch and its customers and provide opportunities for Advocates to share their experiences.
Definitions
. "Advocates" are defined as current customers of Branch who engage in at least one Advocacy Activity per year. “Advocacy Activities” may include testimonials, case studies, referrals, participation in beta testing, or speaking engagements at events.
ROI Workshops
. Advocates who engage in three or more distinct Advocacy Activities are eligible for an in-depth hour and a half ROI workshop conducted by Branch's in-house mobile growth experts. Each activity must be unique and different to qualify (e.g. a testimonial and a case study, not two testimonials).
Technical Advisory Hours
. The first four Advocates to collaborate with Branch on four or more unique activities will receive 20 hours of complimentary Branch Professional Service advisory hours. These hours may be used at the Advocate's discretion and are subject to the applicable Terms and Conditions at:
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ts-cs
.
Eligibility
. The Branch Advocacy Program is open to all active customers of Branch. Self-serve customers are excluded.
Rewards and Incentives
. Advocates may receive rewards, incentives, or recognition for their Advocacy Activities. The nature and value of these rewards are determined by Branch and may vary based on the type and extent of advocacy.
Compliance
. To be eligible for the Advocacy Program, participants must adhere to all applicable laws, regulations, and contractual obligations to Branch, and Branch's policies and guidelines.
Non-Exclusivity
. Advocates may participate in similar activities with other organizations, provided they are not direct competitors of Branch.
Rights to Content
. By participating in advocacy activities, Advocates grant Branch a non-exclusive license to use Advocate’s content (e.g., testimonials, case studies), which may include Advocate's company name and logo for promotional purposes while Advocates remain customers of Branch, and for up to two (2) years after Branch terminates the Advocate’s products and services.
Term and Termination
. Branch reserves the right to modify, suspend, or terminate the Advocacy Program at any time without prior notice.
Discretion
. Branch has the final authority on decisions regarding eligibility, rewards, incentives, and all other aspects of the Advocacy Program.
Communication
. Participants may receive communications related to the Advocacy Program, including updates, announcements, and requests for participation.
Disclaimer of Warranty
. Branch provides the Advocacy Program, including office hours, Professional Service advisory hours, "as is" and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied. Branch specifically disclaims any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Limitation of Liability
. Branch shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, special, or punitive damages, including lost profits, arising out of or in connection with these Terms or participation in the Advocacy Program. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, Branch's total liability to you for any claim arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Advocacy Program, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is limited to $6,000.00.
Merger and Integration
. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Branch regarding your participation in the Advocacy Program and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, proposals, and agreements, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and Branch.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Any legal action or proceeding arising under these Terms will be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in the Northern District of California, and the parties hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue therein.
By participating in the Advocacy Program, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
Effective December 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Branch SaaS Terms & Conditions
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1
These Terms & Conditions ("
Terms
") are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person accessing this website ("
Website
") or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). “
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “
Beta Services
”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms, and (iii) Professional Services which shall be governed by the PS Terms and the applicable SOW.
1.2
By accepting this Agreement, either by accessing or using the Services, or authorizing or permitting any Agent or end user of your Digital Properties (as defined below) to access or use the Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use Branch’s Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in this Agreement as of the date of such access or use of the Services. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company, organization or another legal entity (an “Entity”), you are agreeing to this Agreement for that Entity and representing to Branch that you have the authority to bind such Entity and its Affiliates (as defined below) to this Agreement, in which case the terms “Customer,” “you,” or “your” herein refers to such Entity and its Affiliates. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with this Agreement, you must not use or authorize any use of the Services. Customer and Branch shall each be referred to as a “Party” and collectively referred to as the “Parties” for purposes of this Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE ANY SERVICES.
2. DEFINITIONS
"
Affiliate
" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
"
Agreement
" means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, professional service terms, SOWs, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments mutually agreed to by the Parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
"
Beta Services
" means Branch’s services or functionality that are not generally available to customers and that may be made available to you to try at your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or other services or functionality with a similar description.
“
Collection Technologies
” means any tags, SDKs, APIs, JavaScript, pixels, attribution or redirect links, cookies or other technology used or made available by Branch to Customer to support the provision of the Services by Branch, including any updates thereto.
“
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you that use the Services or for use by you with the Services.
"
Documentation
" means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
“
Free Services
” means any Branch service or functionality that Branch makes available to Customer, to try at Customer’s option, free of charge.
"
Order Form
" means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any Affiliates of the Parties, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
“
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the Beta Services, and other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms.
3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Branch will make the Services available to Customer solely for Customer’s internal business needs pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and the applicable Documentation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for its integration and launch of the Services. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned maintenance, (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the security, integrity or operation of the Services, (iii) maintenance, updates, restrictions or changes due to security vulnerability concerns, and (iv) any unavailability caused by a Force Majeure Event, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement and the Documentation. Your right to access and use the Services is limited by all the terms set forth in the Agreement.
4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
4.1 Use Restrictions.
You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services and, except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not directly or indirectly: (a) make the functionality of the Services available to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) extend, sell, distribute rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise provide access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, permissions, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or Branch’s related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) frame or mirror any part of the Services, other than on Customer’s own internal and non-public intranets for its own internal business purposes, unless otherwise permitted in the Documentation; (g) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (h) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; (i) use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
, or its successor URL; or (j) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 18), without employing appropriate settings within the Collection Technologies to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
4.2 Updates and Support.
Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of such upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
5. BETA SERVICES
From time to time, Branch may invite you to try Beta Services. You may accept or decline any such trial at your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
5.1 Free Services.
Branch may make Free Services available to Customer and use of Free Services is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between this section and any other provision of this Agreement, this section shall control with respect to Free Services. Free Services are provided to Customer without charge up to certain limits as described in the Documentation. Usage over these limits requires Customer’s purchase of additional resources or services. Customer agrees that Branch, in its sole discretion and for any or no reason, may terminate Customer’s access to the Free Services or any part thereof. Customer agrees that any termination of Customer’s access to the Free Services may be without prior notice, and Customer agrees that Branch will not be liable to Customer or any third party for such termination. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A FREE SERVICE. THE FREE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE FREE SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. CUSTOMER SHALL NOT USE THE FREE SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT VIOLATES APPLICABLE LAWS AND WILL BE FULLY LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY ITS USE OF A FREE SERVICES. ANY DATA AND CONFIGURATIONS ENTERED INTO CUSTOMER’S FREE SERVICES ACCOUNT MAY BE PERMANENTLY LOST UPON TERMINATION OF THE FREE SERVICES.
6. PAYMENT TERMS
6.1 Fees.
You will pay Branch all fees specified in an Order Form or, if there is no Order Form executed by the Parties, then you will pay the fees set forth at the applicable rates available at
https://branch.io/pricing/
, or its successor URL (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, including Fees that remain due and payable after expiration or termination of the Agreement, or any portion thereof. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or where expressly set forth in an applicable Order Form, (i) payment obligations are non-cancelable, Fees are non-refundable, and failure to use the Services provisioned does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay Fees, and (ii) Services purchased cannot be decreased during the service period for which they were purchased.
6.2 Payments & Invoicing.
To the extent you procure the Services with an applicable Order Form, invoices for the applicable Fees shall be sent to you via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account when signing up for Services, and you shall pay the Fees due upon receipt of such invoice. To the extent you procure the Services under an applicable Order Form, any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All Fees set forth in an applicable Order Form shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated therein. Fees are payable in United States dollars. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay.
6.3 Payment by Credit Card.
In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand.
6.4 Payment Disputes.
If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.
6.5 Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration.
Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees thirty (30) days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or canceling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
6.6 Taxes
. Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "Taxes"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
6.7 Withholding Taxes.
In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law ("
Withholding Tax
"), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
6.8 Overdue Charges.
If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
6.9 Term for Paid Services.
Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either Party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period.
7. TERMINATION
7.1 Termination by Branch.
Branch may terminate immediately and without penalty this Agreement (including all Order Form(s) and Services that are in effect) in the event Customer commits a material breach of this Agreement For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the
Branch Acceptable Use Policy
will be considered a material breach of this Agreement. If Branch terminates this Agreement for material breach, then all of Customer’s outstanding balances and any other unpaid payment obligations will become immediately due and payable by Customer in full. Except as otherwise expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services without cause upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), Should such termination without cause occur, Branch shall provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable.Branch shall have no further obligations or liability to you or any third-party as a result of such suspension, termination or discontinuance.
7.2 Termination by Customer.
Except where you have agreed to be bound for a defined service period in any applicable Order Form, you may terminate your access to and use of the Services by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month in which your termination notice is received by Branch. In the event of termination by you in accordance with this Section 7.2, all outstanding balances and any other unpaid payment obligations will become immediately due and payable by Customer in full.
8. SURVIVAL
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
9. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
9.1 Privacy Policy.
(a) You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and shall include, at minimum, the following: (i) clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice of your privacy practices consistent with applicable laws, (ii) disclosures regarding your use of cookies (including third-party cookies placed on your Digital Properties) and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; and (iii) your data collection, use and disclosure practices; Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms; (b) If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy
, or its successor URL.
9.2 Data Analytics.
You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize, and improve the Services.
9.3 Data Security.
Branch shall use commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.
9.4 Compliance with Applicable Law.
You will comply with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security, and trans-border transfers of personal data (such as, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required by applicable law, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining consent from end users of your Digital Properties to (i) to place Collection Technologies (including by Branch) on the browsers or devices of end users of your Digital Properties, and (ii) collect and use the data you provide to Branch through the Services and the data that you enable Branch to collect from end users of your Digital Properties and process on your behalf, and (iii) t0 direct Branch to share data it processes on your behalf with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”); and (d) ensuring you do not provide Branch with any sensitive information or personally identifiable information through the Services that is afforded legal protection under applicable regulation or laws (“
PII
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of, your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
9.5 CCPA.
If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch California Privacy Addendum (“
California Privacy Addendum
“) available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ca-privacy-addendum
, or its successor URL, shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and the Parties agree to incorporate such California Privacy Addendum by reference into the Agreement as an integral part thereof.
10. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
10.1 Registration Information.
In order to access and use the Services, you must register an account. Any information provided during your registration must be current, complete, and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is current, complete, and accurate at all times.
10.2 Access Credentials.
The Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees, Affiliates, or your independent contractors) to access and use the Services in furtherance of your internal business purposes as expressly permitted by this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by Branch. You will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
10.3 Responsibility.
You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, regardless of whether such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and regardless of whether such Authorized User authorized or had knowledge of such action. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity and will notify Branch promptly of unauthorized access or use of the Services.
11. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
11.1
Subject to these Terms, you may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content linked to or made available through Branch’s Services. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and makes no representations, warranties, endorsements, or guarantees regarding the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability for any Third-Party Content, including but not limited to, any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content.
11.2
If you are purchasing Branch’s Advanced Compliance product, you agree to the following product-specific terms: In activating a Third-Party integration within your Advanced Compliance product, you consent to Branch transmitting data, which may include sensitive data subject to data protection laws such as HIPAA, from your Advanced Compliance instance to the Third-Party service. You acknowledge that Third-Party services, including their websites and mobile applications, are not governed by Branch and may have distinct terms of use and privacy policies. It is your responsibility to review and comply with the Third-Party’s terms and policies. You are solely responsible for ensuring that any Third-Party complies with applicable laws and regulations.
12. TRADEMARKS
"Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("
Branch Marks
") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
13. AGENCIES & PARTNERS
13.1 Agency Client.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that, to the extent that you are accessing the Services on the Agency Client’s behalf, such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, Section 9 (Privacy Policy & Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
13.2 Partners.
The Services enable you to integrate, measure, and analyze your Branch account (including data contained therein) with certain partners that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“
Shared Data
”). To the extent that you use the Partner Features for Partners you select (“
Permitted Partners
”), then you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with such Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; and (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners and Branch is not responsible for fulfilling any such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
14.1 Definition.
Each Party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other Party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
Confidential Information
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each Party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing Party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
14.2 Use and Disclosure.
Each Party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement (the "
Purpose
"); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (1) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (2) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (3) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (4) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (5) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
14.3 Permitted Disclosures.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court order or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such Confidential Information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
15.1 Proprietary Rights.
As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title, and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use your Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), the Documentation, all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
15.2 Feedback.
Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
16. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
16.1 Warranty.
You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such Party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party.
16.2 DISCLAIMER.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. BRANCH DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION, NOR DOES BRANCH WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE FROM ERRORS, OR THAT THE OPERATIONS OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED. YOU RELY ON THE SERVICES AND THE DOCUMENTATION AT YOUR OWN RISK. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY, THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
17.1
BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
17.2
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID, OR AGREED TO PAY, TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT, THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
18. INDEMNITY
18.1 Indemnity.
You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand, suit, or action against Branch brought by a third party to the extent arising out of or relating to: (a) Third-Party Content or your use of the Services in violation of the Agreement, the Documentation, or applicable law, (b) allegations that your Digital Properties, or the combination of your Digital Properties with the Services, infringes or misappropriates a third party’s intellectual property rights, (c) your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner, or (d) a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations will be limited to the extent a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s fraud, or reckless or willful misconduct.
18.2 Agency Indemnity.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “Agencies & Partners” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
18.3 Indemnification Procedure.
Your indemnification obligations under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure), (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) Branch’s consent where a settlement requires any action on the part of Branch or (ii) the securing of an unconditional release of Branch for all liability), and (c) Branch giving you reasonably requested assistance at your expense. Branch may, at its own expense, and without limiting the obligations of the indemnifying party, maintain its own counsel and participate in the defense with counsel of its own choosing at any time.
19. MISCELLANEOUS
19.1 Governing Law.
The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
19.2 Dispute Resolution.
In the event of any dispute, claim, or controversy in connection with this Agreement (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, "
Disputes
"), each Party's senior representatives will, in good faith, attempt to resolve a Dispute. If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days or within such other time period as the Parties may agree in writing, then the Parties may commence binding arbitration under JAMS' Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The Parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the JAMS arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually agreed to between the Parties or, failing that, by JAMS under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each Party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in (a) San Francisco, California, if you are domiciled in any country outside of the (i) European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (ii) Asia-Pacific region; (b) London, England, if you are domiciled in any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco; or (c) Singapore, if you are domiciled in any country within the Asia-Pacific region.
19.3 No Waiver; Severability.
Branch’s failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Branch in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
19.4 Assignment.
The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent.
19.5 Entire Agreement.
Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the body of these Terms (2), (2) any exhibit, schedule, rider, or addendum to the Agreement,including the PS Terms or a statement of work (SOW), (3)  the Documentation (4) and then the Order Form, unless explicitly provided otherwise as a Special Term within the Order Form itself.
19.6 Relationship between the Parties.
The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
19.7 International Trade and Anti-Corruption and Laws.
Each party (a) warrants that it will comply with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and governmental orders (collectively, “
Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws
”) in the jurisdictions that apply directly or indirectly to the Services, including, without limitation, the United States, and (b) represents that it has not made, offered, promised to make, or authorized any payment or anything of value in violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws. You will promptly notify Branch in writing of any actual or potential violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws in connection with the use of the Services and take all appropriate steps to remedy or resolve such violations, including any steps requested by Branch. If applicable, you represent that you have obtained, and warrant that you will continue to obtain, all licenses or other authorizations required to export, re-export, or transfer the Services.
19.8 Sanctions Lists.
The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both you and Branch each represent that (and in your case, also your end users of your Digital Properties) it is not named on any government prohibited, denied, or unverified-party, sanctions, debarment, or exclusion list or export-controlled related restricted party list (collectively, “
Sanctions Lists
”). Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country, or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. You will immediately (i) discontinue your use of the Services if you become placed on any Sanctions List and (ii) remove your End Users’ access to the Services if your end users become placed on any Sanctions List. You represent that you have not, and warrant that you will not, export, re-export, or transfer the Services to an entity on any Sanctions List without prior authorization from the applicable governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party if the other party is in breach of its obligations hereunder with respect to Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws or Sanction Lists. If your account is blocked because it is operating in a country or region prohibited by Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws, you will receive notice of your account being inoperable when you attempt to log into your account in such a prohibited country or region.
19.9 Third Party Beneficiary.
No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer, or employee of any Party hereto or any other person or entity.
19.10 Marketing Support.
You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services, (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services, and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
19.11 Force Majeure.
Neither Party will be responsible for any delay or failure in performance of any part of this Agreement to the extent that such delay or failure is caused by an event or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of the Party whose performance is affected and could not have been prevented or corrected through the exercise of reasonable diligence, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications, or denial of service attack (each such event, a “
Force Majeure Event
”). The Party alleging a Force Majeure Event (the “
Affected Party
”) will promptly notify the other Party in writing of the Force Majeure Event, providing reasonable detail of the circumstances giving rise to the Force Majeure Event, and the steps it is taking to remedy the delay or failure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial incapability will not be considered as a Force Majeure Event.
19.12 Notices.
Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“
Legal Notices
”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by email as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to legal@branch.io ("
Branch Notices
"). Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form or the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
19.13 Modifications.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of Branch’s Services after such changes have been published to Branch’s Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
20. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about Branch’s Services or these Terms, you may contact us by email at
info@branch.io
.
Effective September 24th 2024
to
December 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Branch SaaS Terms & Conditions
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1
These Terms & Conditions ("
Terms
") are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person accessing this website ("
Website
") or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). “
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “
Beta Services
”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms, and (iii) Professional Services which shall be governed by the PS Terms and the applicable SOW.
1.2
By accepting this Agreement, either by accessing or using the Services, or authorizing or permitting any Agent or end user of your Digital Properties (as defined below) to access or use the Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use Branch’s Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in this Agreement as of the date of such access or use of the Services. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company, organization or another legal entity (an “Entity”), you are agreeing to this Agreement for that Entity and representing to Branch that you have the authority to bind such Entity and its Affiliates (as defined below) to this Agreement, in which case the terms “Customer,” “you,” or “your” herein refers to such Entity and its Affiliates. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with this Agreement, you must not use or authorize any use of the Services. Customer and Branch shall each be referred to as a “Party” and collectively referred to as the “Parties” for purposes of this Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE ANY SERVICES.
2. DEFINITIONS
"
Affiliate
" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
"
Agreement
" means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, professional service terms, SOWs, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments mutually agreed to by the Parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
"
Beta Services
" means Branch’s services or functionality that are not generally available to customers and that may be made available to you to try at your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or other services or functionality with a similar description.
“
Collection Technologies
” means any tags, SDKs, APIs, JavaScript, pixels, attribution or redirect links, cookies or other technology used or made available by Branch to Customer to support the provision of the Services by Branch, including any updates thereto.
“
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you that use the Services or for use by you with the Services.
"
Documentation
" means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
“
Free Services
” means any Branch service or functionality that Branch makes available to Customer, to try at Customer’s option, free of charge.
"
Order Form
" means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any Affiliates of the Parties, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
“
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the Beta Services, and other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms.
3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Branch will make the Services available to Customer solely for Customer’s internal business needs pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and the applicable Documentation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for its integration and launch of the Services. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned maintenance, (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the security, integrity or operation of the Services, (iii) maintenance, updates, restrictions or changes due to security vulnerability concerns, and (iv) any unavailability caused by a Force Majeure Event, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement and the Documentation. Your right to access and use the Services is limited by all the terms set forth in the Agreement.
4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
4.1 Use Restrictions.
You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services and, except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not directly or indirectly: (a) make the functionality of the Services available to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) extend, sell, distribute rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise provide access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, permissions, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or Branch’s related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) frame or mirror any part of the Services, other than on Customer’s own internal and non-public intranets for its own internal business purposes, unless otherwise permitted in the Documentation; (g) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (h) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; (i) use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
, or its successor URL; or (j) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Collection Technologies to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
4.2 Updates and Support.
Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of such upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
5. BETA SERVICES
From time to time, Branch may invite you to try Beta Services. You may accept or decline any such trial at your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
5.1 Free Services.
Branch may make Free Services available to Customer and use of Free Services is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between this section and any other provision of this Agreement, this section shall control with respect to Free Services. Free Services are provided to Customer without charge up to certain limits as described in the Documentation. Usage over these limits requires Customer’s purchase of additional resources or services. Customer agrees that Branch, in its sole discretion and for any or no reason, may terminate Customer’s access to the Free Services or any part thereof. Customer agrees that any termination of Customer’s access to the Free Services may be without prior notice, and Customer agrees that Branch will not be liable to Customer or any third party for such termination. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A FREE SERVICE. THE FREE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE FREE SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. CUSTOMER SHALL NOT USE THE FREE SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT VIOLATES APPLICABLE LAWS AND WILL BE FULLY LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY ITS USE OF A FREE SERVICES. ANY DATA AND CONFIGURATIONS ENTERED INTO CUSTOMER’S FREE SERVICES ACCOUNT MAY BE PERMANENTLY LOST UPON TERMINATION OF THE FREE SERVICES.
6. PAYMENT TERMS
6.1 Fees.
You will pay Branch all fees specified in an Order Form or, if there is no Order Form executed by the Parties, then you will pay the fees set forth at the applicable rates available at
https://branch.io/pricing/
, or its successor URL (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, including Fees that remain due and payable after expiration or termination of the Agreement, or any portion thereof. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or where expressly set forth in an applicable Order Form, (i) payment obligations are non-cancelable, Fees are non-refundable, and failure to use the Services provisioned does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay Fees, and (ii) Services purchased cannot be decreased during the service period for which they were purchased.
6.2 Payments & Invoicing.
To the extent you procure the Services with an applicable Order Form, invoices for the applicable Fees shall be sent to you via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account when signing up for Services, and you shall pay the Fees due upon receipt of such invoice. To the extent you procure the Services under an applicable Order Form, any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All Fees set forth in an applicable Order Form shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated therein. Fees are payable in United States dollars. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay.
6.3 Payment by Credit Card.
In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand.
6.4 Payment Disputes.
If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.
6.5 Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration.
Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees thirty (30) days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or canceling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
6.6 Taxes
. Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "Taxes"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
6.7 Withholding Taxes.
In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law ("
Withholding Tax
"), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
6.8 Overdue Charges.
If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
6.9 Term for Paid Services.
Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either Party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period.
7. TERMINATION
7.1 Termination by Branch.
Branch may terminate immediately and without penalty this Agreement (including all Order Form(s) and Services that are in effect) in the event Customer commits a material breach of this Agreement For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the
Branch Acceptable Use Policy
will be considered a material breach of this Agreement. If Branch terminates this Agreement for material breach, then all of Customer’s outstanding balances and any other unpaid payment obligations will become immediately due and payable by Customer in full. Except as otherwise expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services without cause upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), Should such termination without cause occur, Branch shall provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable.Branch shall have no further obligations or liability to you or any third-party as a result of such suspension, termination or discontinuance.
7.2 Termination by Customer.
Except where you have agreed to be bound for a defined service period in any applicable Order Form, you may terminate your access to and use of the Services by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month in which your termination notice is received by Branch. In the event of termination by you in accordance with this Section 7.2, all outstanding balances and any other unpaid payment obligations will become immediately due and payable by Customer in full.
8. SURVIVAL
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
9. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
9.1 Privacy Policy.
(a) You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and shall include, at minimum, the following: (i) clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice of your privacy practices consistent with applicable laws, (ii) disclosures regarding your use of cookies (including third-party cookies placed on your Digital Properties) and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; and (iii) your data collection, use and disclosure practices; Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms; (b) If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy
, or its successor URL.
9.2 Data Analytics.
You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize, and improve the Services.
9.3 Data Security.
Branch shall use commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.
9.4 Compliance with Applicable Law.
You will comply with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security, and trans-border transfers of personal data (such as, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required by applicable law, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining consent from end users of your Digital Properties to (i) to place Collection Technologies (including by Branch) on the browsers or devices of end users of your Digital Properties, and (ii) collect and use the data you provide to Branch through the Services and the data that you enable Branch to collect from end users of your Digital Properties and process on your behalf, and (iii) t0 direct Branch to share data it processes on your behalf with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”); and (d) ensuring you do not provide Branch with any sensitive information or personally identifiable information through the Services that is afforded legal protection under applicable regulation or laws (“
PII
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of, your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
9.5 CCPA.
If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch California Privacy Addendum (“
California Privacy Addendum
“) available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ca-privacy-addendum
, or its successor URL, shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and the Parties agree to incorporate such California Privacy Addendum by reference into the Agreement as an integral part thereof.
10. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
10.1 Registration Information.
In order to access and use the Services, you must register an account. Any information provided during your registration must be current, complete, and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is current, complete, and accurate at all times.
10.2 Access Credentials.
The Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees, Affiliates, or your independent contractors) to access and use the Services in furtherance of your internal business purposes as expressly permitted by this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by Branch. You will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
10.3 Responsibility.
You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, regardless of whether such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and regardless of whether such Authorized User authorized or had knowledge of such action. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity and will notify Branch promptly of unauthorized access or use of the Services.
11. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
11.1
Subject to these Terms, you may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content linked to or made available through Branch’s Services. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and makes no representations, warranties, endorsements, or guarantees regarding the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability for any Third-Party Content, including but not limited to, any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content.
11.2
If you are purchasing Branch’s Advanced Compliance product, you agree to the following product-specific terms: In activating a Third-Party integration within your Advanced Compliance product, you consent to Branch transmitting data, which may include sensitive data subject to data protection laws such as HIPAA, from your Advanced Compliance instance to the Third-Party service. You acknowledge that Third-Party services, including their websites and mobile applications, are not governed by Branch and may have distinct terms of use and privacy policies. It is your responsibility to review and comply with the Third-Party’s terms and policies. You are solely responsible for ensuring that any Third-Party complies with applicable laws and regulations.
12. TRADEMARKS
"Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("
Branch Marks
") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
13. AGENCIES & PARTNERS
13.1 Agency Client.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that, to the extent that you are accessing the Services on the Agency Client’s behalf, such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, Section 9 (Privacy Policy & Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
13.2 Partners.
The Services enable you to integrate, measure, and analyze your Branch account (including data contained therein) with certain partners that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“
Shared Data
”). To the extent that you use the Partner Features for Partners you select (“
Permitted Partners
”), then you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with such Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; and (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners and Branch is not responsible for fulfilling any such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
14.1 Definition.
Each Party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other Party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
Confidential Information
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each Party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing Party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
14.2 Use and Disclosure.
Each Party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement (the "
Purpose
"); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (1) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (2) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (3) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (4) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (5) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
14.3 Permitted Disclosures.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court order or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such Confidential Information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
15.1 Proprietary Rights.
As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title, and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use your Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), the Documentation, all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
15.2 Feedback.
Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
16. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
16.1 Warranty.
You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such Party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party.
16.2 DISCLAIMER.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. BRANCH DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION, NOR DOES BRANCH WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE FROM ERRORS, OR THAT THE OPERATIONS OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED. YOU RELY ON THE SERVICES AND THE DOCUMENTATION AT YOUR OWN RISK. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY, THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
17.1
BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
17.2
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID, OR AGREED TO PAY, TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT, THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
18. INDEMNITY
18.1 Indemnity.
You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand, suit, or action against Branch brought by a third party to the extent arising out of or relating to: (a) Third-Party Content or your use of the Services in violation of the Agreement, the Documentation, or applicable law, (b) allegations that your Digital Properties, or the combination of your Digital Properties with the Services, infringes or misappropriates a third party’s intellectual property rights, (c) your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner, or (d) a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations will be limited to the extent a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s fraud, or reckless or willful misconduct.
18.2 Agency Indemnity.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “Agencies & Partners” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
18.3 Indemnification Procedure.
Your indemnification obligations under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure), (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) Branch’s consent where a settlement requires any action on the part of Branch or (ii) the securing of an unconditional release of Branch for all liability), and (c) Branch giving you reasonably requested assistance at your expense. Branch may, at its own expense, and without limiting the obligations of the indemnifying party, maintain its own counsel and participate in the defense with counsel of its own choosing at any time.
19. MISCELLANEOUS
19.1 Governing Law.
The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
19.2 Dispute Resolution.
In the event of any dispute, claim, or controversy in connection with this Agreement (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, "
Disputes
"), each Party's senior representatives will, in good faith, attempt to resolve a Dispute. If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days or within such other time period as the Parties may agree in writing, then the Parties may commence binding arbitration under JAMS' Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The Parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the JAMS arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually agreed to between the Parties or, failing that, by JAMS under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each Party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in (a) San Francisco, California, if you are domiciled in any country outside of the (i) European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (ii) Asia-Pacific region; (b) London, England, if you are domiciled in any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco; or (c) Singapore, if you are domiciled in any country within the Asia-Pacific region.
19.3 No Waiver; Severability.
Branch’s failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Branch in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
19.4 Assignment.
The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent.
19.5 Entire Agreement.
Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the body of these Terms (2), (2) any exhibit, schedule, rider, or addendum to the Agreement,including the PS Terms or a statement of work (SOW), (3)  the Documentation (4) and then the Order Form, unless explicitly provided otherwise as a Special Term within the Order Form itself.
19.6 Relationship between the Parties.
The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
19.7 International Trade and Anti-Corruption and Laws.
Each party (a) warrants that it will comply with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and governmental orders (collectively, “
Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws
”) in the jurisdictions that apply directly or indirectly to the Services, including, without limitation, the United States, and (b) represents that it has not made, offered, promised to make, or authorized any payment or anything of value in violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws. You will promptly notify Branch in writing of any actual or potential violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws in connection with the use of the Services and take all appropriate steps to remedy or resolve such violations, including any steps requested by Branch. If applicable, you represent that you have obtained, and warrant that you will continue to obtain, all licenses or other authorizations required to export, re-export, or transfer the Services.
19.8 Sanctions Lists.
The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both you and Branch each represent that (and in your case, also your end users of your Digital Properties) it is not named on any government prohibited, denied, or unverified-party, sanctions, debarment, or exclusion list or export-controlled related restricted party list (collectively, “
Sanctions Lists
”). Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Russia, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. You will immediately (i) discontinue your use of the Services if you become placed on any Sanctions List and (ii) remove your End Users’ access to the Services if your end users become placed on any Sanctions List. You represent that you have not, and warrant that you will not, export, re-export, or transfer the Services to an entity on any Sanctions List without prior authorization from the applicable governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party if the other party is in breach of its obligations hereunder with respect to Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws or Sanction Lists. If your account is blocked because it is operating in a country or region prohibited by Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws, you will receive notice of your account being inoperable when you attempt to log into your account in such a prohibited country or region.
19.9 Third Party Beneficiary.
No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer, or employee of any Party hereto or any other person or entity.
19.10 Marketing Support.
You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services, (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services, and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
19.11 Force Majeure.
Neither Party will be responsible for any delay or failure in performance of any part of this Agreement to the extent that such delay or failure is caused by an event or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of the Party whose performance is affected and could not have been prevented or corrected through the exercise of reasonable diligence, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications, or denial of service attack (each such event, a “
Force Majeure Event
”). The Party alleging a Force Majeure Event (the “
Affected Party
”) will promptly notify the other Party in writing of the Force Majeure Event, providing reasonable detail of the circumstances giving rise to the Force Majeure Event, and the steps it is taking to remedy the delay or failure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial incapability will not be considered as a Force Majeure Event.
19.12 Notices.
Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“
Legal Notices
”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by email as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to legal@branch.io ("
Branch Notices
"). Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form or the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
19.13 Modifications.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of Branch’s Services after such changes have been published to Branch’s Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
20. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about Branch’s Services or these Terms, you may contact us by email at
info@branch.io
.
Effective September 23rd 2024
to
September 24th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Branch SaaS Terms & Conditions
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1
These Terms & Conditions ("
Terms
") are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person accessing this website ("
Website
") or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). “
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “
Beta Services
”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms, and (iii) Professional Services which shall be governed by the PS Terms and the applicable SOW.
1.2
By accepting this Agreement, either by accessing or using the Services, or authorizing or permitting any Agent or end user of your Digital Properties (as defined below) to access or use the Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use Branch’s Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in this Agreement as of the date of such access or use of the Services. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company, organization or another legal entity (an “Entity”), you are agreeing to this Agreement for that Entity and representing to Branch that you have the authority to bind such Entity and its Affiliates (as defined below) to this Agreement, in which case the terms “Customer,” “you,” or “your” herein refers to such Entity and its Affiliates. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with this Agreement, you must not use or authorize any use of the Services. Customer and Branch shall each be referred to as a “Party” and collectively referred to as the “Parties” for purposes of this Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE ANY SERVICES.
2. DEFINITIONS
"
Affiliate
" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
"
Agreement
" means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, professional service terms, SOWs, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments mutually agreed to by the Parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
"
Beta Services
" means Branch’s services or functionality that are not generally available to customers and that may be made available to you to try at your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or other services or functionality with a similar description.
“
Collection Technologies
” means any tags, SDKs, APIs, JavaScript, pixels, attribution or redirect links, cookies or other technology used or made available by Branch to Customer to support the provision of the Services by Branch, including any updates thereto.
“
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you that use the Services or for use by you with the Services.
"
Documentation
" means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
“
Free Services
” means any Branch service or functionality that Branch makes available to Customer, to try at Customer’s option, free of charge.
"
Order Form
" means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any Affiliates of the Parties, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
“
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the Beta Services, and other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms.
3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Branch will make the Services available to Customer solely for Customer’s internal business needs pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and the applicable Documentation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for its integration and launch of the Services. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned maintenance, (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the security, integrity or operation of the Services, (iii) maintenance, updates, restrictions or changes due to security vulnerability concerns, and (iv) any unavailability caused by a Force Majeure Event, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement and the Documentation. Your right to access and use the Services is limited by all the terms set forth in the Agreement.
4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
4.1 Use Restrictions.
You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services and, except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not directly or indirectly: (a) make the functionality of the Services available to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) extend, sell, distribute rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise provide access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, permissions, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or Branch’s related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) frame or mirror any part of the Services, other than on Customer’s own internal and non-public intranets for its own internal business purposes, unless otherwise permitted in the Documentation; (g) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (h) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; (i) use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
, or its successor URL; or (j) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Collection Technologies to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
4.2 Updates and Support.
Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of such upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
5. BETA SERVICES
From time to time, Branch may invite you to try Beta Services. You may accept or decline any such trial at your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
5.1 Free Services.
Branch may make Free Services available to Customer and use of Free Services is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between this section and any other provision of this Agreement, this section shall control with respect to Free Services. Free Services are provided to Customer without charge up to certain limits as described in the Documentation. Usage over these limits requires Customer’s purchase of additional resources or services. Customer agrees that Branch, in its sole discretion and for any or no reason, may terminate Customer’s access to the Free Services or any part thereof. Customer agrees that any termination of Customer’s access to the Free Services may be without prior notice, and Customer agrees that Branch will not be liable to Customer or any third party for such termination. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A FREE SERVICE. THE FREE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE FREE SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. CUSTOMER SHALL NOT USE THE FREE SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT VIOLATES APPLICABLE LAWS AND WILL BE FULLY LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY ITS USE OF A FREE SERVICES. ANY DATA AND CONFIGURATIONS ENTERED INTO CUSTOMER’S FREE SERVICES ACCOUNT MAY BE PERMANENTLY LOST UPON TERMINATION OF THE FREE SERVICES.
6. PAYMENT TERMS
6.1 Fees.
You will pay Branch all fees specified in an Order Form or, if there is no Order Form executed by the Parties, then you will pay the fees set forth at the applicable rates available at
https://branch.io/pricing/
, or its successor URL (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, including Fees that remain due and payable after expiration or termination of the Agreement, or any portion thereof. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or where expressly set forth in an applicable Order Form, (i) payment obligations are non-cancelable, Fees are non-refundable, and failure to use the Services provisioned does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay Fees, and (ii) Services purchased cannot be decreased during the service period for which they were purchased.
6.2 Payments & Invoicing.
To the extent you procure the Services with an applicable Order Form, invoices for the applicable Fees shall be sent to you via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account when signing up for Services, and you shall pay the Fees due upon receipt of such invoice. To the extent you procure the Services under an applicable Order Form, any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All Fees set forth in an applicable Order Form shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated therein. Fees are payable in United States dollars. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay.
6.3 Payment by Credit Card.
In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand.
6.4 Payment Disputes.
If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.
6.5 Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration.
Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees thirty (30) days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or canceling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
6.6 Taxes
. Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "Taxes"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
6.7 Withholding Taxes.
In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law ("
Withholding Tax
"), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
6.8 Overdue Charges.
If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
6.9 Term for Paid Services.
Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either Party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period.
7. TERMINATION
7.1 Termination by Branch.
Branch may terminate immediately and without penalty this Agreement (including all Order Form(s) and Services that are in effect) in the event Customer commits a material breach of this Agreement For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the
Branch Acceptable Use Policy
will be considered a material breach of this Agreement. If Branch terminates this Agreement for material breach, then all of Customer’s outstanding balances and any other unpaid payment obligations will become immediately due and payable by Customer in full. Except as otherwise expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services without cause upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), Should such termination without cause occur, Branch shall provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable.Branch shall have no further obligations or liability to you or any third-party as a result of such suspension, termination or discontinuance.
7.2 Termination by Customer.
Except where you have agreed to be bound for a defined service period in any applicable Order Form, you may terminate your access to and use of the Services by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month in which your termination notice is received by Branch. In the event of termination by you in accordance with this Section 7.2, all outstanding balances and any other unpaid payment obligations will become immediately due and payable by Customer in full.
8. SURVIVAL
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
9. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
9.1 Privacy Policy.
(a) You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and shall include, at minimum, the following: (i) clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice of your privacy practices consistent with applicable laws, (ii) disclosures regarding your use of cookies (including third-party cookies placed on your Digital Properties) and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; and (iii) your data collection, use and disclosure practices; Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms; (b) If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy
, or its successor URL.
9.2 Data Analytics.
You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize, and improve the Services.
9.3 Data Security.
Branch shall use commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.
9.4 Compliance with Applicable Law.
You will comply with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security, and trans-border transfers of personal data (such as, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required by applicable law, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining consent from end users of your Digital Properties to (i) to place Collection Technologies (including by Branch) on the browsers or devices of end users of your Digital Properties, and (ii) collect and use the data you provide to Branch through the Services and the data that you enable Branch to collect from end users of your Digital Properties and process on your behalf, and (iii) t0 direct Branch to share data it processes on your behalf with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”); and (d) ensuring you do not provide Branch with any sensitive information or personally identifiable information through the Services that is afforded legal protection under applicable regulation or laws (“
PII
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of, your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
9.5 CCPA.
If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch California Privacy Addendum (“
California Privacy Addendum
“) available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ca-privacy-addendum
, or its successor URL, shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and the Parties agree to incorporate such California Privacy Addendum by reference into the Agreement as an integral part thereof.
10. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
10.1 Registration Information.
In order to access and use the Services, you must register an account. Any information provided during your registration must be current, complete, and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is current, complete, and accurate at all times.
10.2 Access Credentials.
The Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees, Affiliates, or your independent contractors) to access and use the Services in furtherance of your internal business purposes as expressly permitted by this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by Branch. You will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
10.3 Responsibility.
You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, regardless of whether such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and regardless of whether such Authorized User authorized or had knowledge of such action. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity and will notify Branch promptly of unauthorized access or use of the Services.
11. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
11.1
Subject to these Terms, you may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content linked to or made available through Branch’s Services. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and makes no representations, warranties, endorsements, or guarantees regarding the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability for any Third-Party Content, including but not limited to, any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content.
11.2
If you are purchasing Branch’s Advance Compliance product, you agree to the following product-specific terms: In activating a Third-Party integration within your Advance Compliance product, you consent to Branch transmitting data, which may include sensitive data subject to data protection laws such as HIPAA, from your Advance Compliance instance to the Third-Party service. You acknowledge that Third-Party services, including their websites and mobile applications, are not governed by Branch and may have distinct terms of use and privacy policies. It is your responsibility to review and comply with the Third-Party’s terms and policies. You are solely responsible for ensuring that any Third-Party complies with applicable laws and regulations.
12. TRADEMARKS
"Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("
Branch Marks
") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
13. AGENCIES & PARTNERS
13.1 Agency Client.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that, to the extent that you are accessing the Services on the Agency Client’s behalf, such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, Section 9 (Privacy Policy & Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
13.2 Partners.
The Services enable you to integrate, measure, and analyze your Branch account (including data contained therein) with certain partners that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“
Shared Data
”). To the extent that you use the Partner Features for Partners you select (“
Permitted Partners
”), then you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with such Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; and (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners and Branch is not responsible for fulfilling any such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
14.1 Definition.
Each Party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other Party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
Confidential Information
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each Party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing Party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
14.2 Use and Disclosure.
Each Party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement (the "
Purpose
"); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (1) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (2) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (3) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (4) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (5) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
14.3 Permitted Disclosures.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court order or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such Confidential Information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
15.1 Proprietary Rights.
As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title, and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use your Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), the Documentation, all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
15.2 Feedback.
Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
16. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
16.1 Warranty.
You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such Party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party.
16.2 DISCLAIMER.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. BRANCH DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION, NOR DOES BRANCH WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE FROM ERRORS, OR THAT THE OPERATIONS OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED. YOU RELY ON THE SERVICES AND THE DOCUMENTATION AT YOUR OWN RISK. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY, THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
17.1
BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
17.2
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID, OR AGREED TO PAY, TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT, THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
18. INDEMNITY
18.1 Indemnity.
You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand, suit, or action against Branch brought by a third party to the extent arising out of or relating to: (a) Third-Party Content or your use of the Services in violation of the Agreement, the Documentation, or applicable law, (b) allegations that your Digital Properties, or the combination of your Digital Properties with the Services, infringes or misappropriates a third party’s intellectual property rights, (c) your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner, or (d) a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations will be limited to the extent a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s fraud, or reckless or willful misconduct.
18.2 Agency Indemnity.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “Agencies & Partners” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
18.3 Indemnification Procedure.
Your indemnification obligations under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure), (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) Branch’s consent where a settlement requires any action on the part of Branch or (ii) the securing of an unconditional release of Branch for all liability), and (c) Branch giving you reasonably requested assistance at your expense. Branch may, at its own expense, and without limiting the obligations of the indemnifying party, maintain its own counsel and participate in the defense with counsel of its own choosing at any time.
19. MISCELLANEOUS
19.1 Governing Law.
The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
19.2 Dispute Resolution.
In the event of any dispute, claim, or controversy in connection with this Agreement (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, "
Disputes
"), each Party's senior representatives will, in good faith, attempt to resolve a Dispute. If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days or within such other time period as the Parties may agree in writing, then the Parties may commence binding arbitration under JAMS' Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The Parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the JAMS arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually agreed to between the Parties or, failing that, by JAMS under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each Party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in (a) San Francisco, California, if you are domiciled in any country outside of the (i) European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (ii) Asia-Pacific region; (b) London, England, if you are domiciled in any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco; or (c) Singapore, if you are domiciled in any country within the Asia-Pacific region.
19.3 No Waiver; Severability.
Branch’s failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Branch in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
19.4 Assignment.
The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent.
19.5 Entire Agreement.
Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the body of these Terms (2), (2) any exhibit, schedule, rider, or addendum to the Agreement,including the PS Terms or a statement of work (SOW), (3)  the Documentation (4) and then the Order Form, unless explicitly provided otherwise as a Special Term within the Order Form itself.
19.6 Relationship between the Parties.
The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
19.7 International Trade and Anti-Corruption and Laws.
Each party (a) warrants that it will comply with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and governmental orders (collectively, “
Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws
”) in the jurisdictions that apply directly or indirectly to the Services, including, without limitation, the United States, and (b) represents that it has not made, offered, promised to make, or authorized any payment or anything of value in violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws. You will promptly notify Branch in writing of any actual or potential violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws in connection with the use of the Services and take all appropriate steps to remedy or resolve such violations, including any steps requested by Branch. If applicable, you represent that you have obtained, and warrant that you will continue to obtain, all licenses or other authorizations required to export, re-export, or transfer the Services.
19.8 Sanctions Lists.
The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both you and Branch each represent that (and in your case, also your end users of your Digital Properties) it is not named on any government prohibited, denied, or unverified-party, sanctions, debarment, or exclusion list or export-controlled related restricted party list (collectively, “
Sanctions Lists
”). Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Russia, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. You will immediately (i) discontinue your use of the Services if you become placed on any Sanctions List and (ii) remove your End Users’ access to the Services if your end users become placed on any Sanctions List. You represent that you have not, and warrant that you will not, export, re-export, or transfer the Services to an entity on any Sanctions List without prior authorization from the applicable governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party if the other party is in breach of its obligations hereunder with respect to Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws or Sanction Lists. If your account is blocked because it is operating in a country or region prohibited by Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws, you will receive notice of your account being inoperable when you attempt to log into your account in such a prohibited country or region.
19.9 Third Party Beneficiary.
No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer, or employee of any Party hereto or any other person or entity.
19.10 Marketing Support.
You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services, (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services, and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
19.11 Force Majeure.
Neither Party will be responsible for any delay or failure in performance of any part of this Agreement to the extent that such delay or failure is caused by an event or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of the Party whose performance is affected and could not have been prevented or corrected through the exercise of reasonable diligence, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications, or denial of service attack (each such event, a “
Force Majeure Event
”). The Party alleging a Force Majeure Event (the “
Affected Party
”) will promptly notify the other Party in writing of the Force Majeure Event, providing reasonable detail of the circumstances giving rise to the Force Majeure Event, and the steps it is taking to remedy the delay or failure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial incapability will not be considered as a Force Majeure Event.
19.12 Notices.
Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“
Legal Notices
”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by email as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to legal@branch.io ("
Branch Notices
"). Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form or the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
19.13 Modifications.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of Branch’s Services after such changes have been published to Branch’s Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
20. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about Branch’s Services or these Terms, you may contact us by email at
info@branch.io
.
Effective June 22nd 2023
to
September 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Branch SaaS Terms & Conditions
1. Introduction
1.1
These Terms & Conditions ("
Terms
") are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person accessing this website ("
Website
") or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). “
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “
Beta Services
”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms.
1.2
By accepting this Agreement, either by accessing or using the Services, or authorizing or permitting any Agent or end user of your Digital Properties (as defined below) to access or use the Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use Branch’s Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in this Agreement as of the date of such access or use of the Services. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company, organization or another legal entity (an “
Entity
”), you are agreeing to this Agreement for that Entity and representing to Branch that you have the authority to bind such Entity and its Affiliates (as defined below) to this Agreement, in which case the terms “Customer,” “you,” or “your” herein refers to such Entity and its Affiliates. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with this Agreement, you must not use or authorize any use of the Services. Customer and Branch shall each be referred to as a “
Party
” and collectively referred to as the “
Parties
” for purposes of this Agreement.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE ANY SERVICES.
2. Definitions
"
Affiliate
" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
"
Agreement
" means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments mutually agreed to by the Parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
"
Beta Services
" means Branch’s services or functionality that are not generally available to customers and that may be made available to you to try at your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or other services or functionality with a similar description.
“
Collection Technologies
” means any tags, SDKs, APIs, JavaScript, pixels, attribution or redirect links, cookies or other technology used or made available by Branch to Customer to support the provision of the Services by Branch, including any updates thereto.
“
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you that use the Services or for use by you with the Services.
"
Documentation
" means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
"
Order Form
" means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any Affiliates of the Parties, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
“
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the Beta Services, and other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms.
3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Branch will make the Services available to Customer solely for Customer’s internal business needs pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and the applicable Documentation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for its integration and launch of the Services. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned maintenance, (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, and (iii) any unavailability caused by a Force Majeure Event, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement and the Documentation. Your right to access and use the Services is limited by all the terms set forth in the Agreement.
4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
4.1 Use Restrictions.
You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services and, except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not directly or indirectly: (a) make the functionality of the Services available to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) extend, sell, distribute rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise provide access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, permissions, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or Branch’s related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) frame or mirror any part of the Services, other than on Customer’s own internal and non-public intranets for its own internal business purposes, unless otherwise permitted in the Documentation; (g) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (h) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; (i) use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
, or its successor URL; or (j) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Collection Technologies to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
4.2 Updates and Support.
Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of such upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
5. BETA SERVICES
From time to time, Branch may invite you to try Beta Services. You may accept or decline any such trial in your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
6. PAYMENT TERMS
6.1 Fees.
You will pay Branch all fees specified in an Order Form or, if there is no Order Form executed by the Parties, then you will pay the fees set forth at the applicable rates available at
https://branch.io/pricing/
, or its successor URL (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, including Fees that remain due and payable after expiration or termination of the Agreement, or any portion thereof. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or where expressly set forth in an applicable Order Form, (i) payment obligations are non-cancelable, Fees are non-refundable, and failure to use the Services provisioned does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay Fees, and (ii) Services purchased cannot be decreased during the service period for which they were purchased.
6.2 Payments & Invoicing.
To the extent you procure the Services with an applicable Order Form, invoices for the applicable Fees shall be sent to you via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account when signing up for Services, and you shall pay the Fees due upon receipt of such invoice. To the extent you procure the Services under an applicable Order Form, any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All Fees set forth in an applicable Order Form shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated therein. Fees are payable in United States dollars. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay.
6.3 Payment by Credit Card.
In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand.
6.4 Payment Disputes.
If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.
6.5 Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration.
Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees thirty (30) days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or canceling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
6.6 Taxes.
Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "Taxes"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
6.7 Withholding Taxes.
In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law ("
Withholding Tax
"), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
6.8 Overdue Charges.
If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
6.9 Term for Paid Services.
Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either Party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period.
7. TERMINATION
7.1 Termination by Branch.
Branch may terminate this Agreement (including all Order Form(s) and Services that are in effect) in the event Customer commits a material breach of this Agreement and fails to remedy such breach within thirty (30) days of the date of written notice of such breach. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the
Branch Acceptable Use Policy
will be considered a material breach of this Agreement. Termination by Branch for material breach of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. If Branch terminates this Agreement for material breach, then all of Customer’s outstanding balances and any other unpaid payment obligations will become immediately due and payable by Customer in full. Except as otherwise expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable, and Branch will have no further obligations or liability to you or any third-party as a result of such suspension or discontinuance. Except where there are any Order Form(s) in effect, Branch may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time by providing you with written notice.
7.2 Termination by Customer.
Except where you have agreed to be bound for a defined service period in any applicable Order Form, you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month in which your termination notice is received by Branch. In the event of termination by you in accordance with this Section 7.2, all outstanding balances and any other unpaid payment obligations will become immediately due and payable by Customer in full.
8. SURVIVAL
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
9. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
9.1 Privacy Policy.
(a) You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and shall include, at minimum, the following: (i) clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice of your privacy practices consistent with applicable laws, (ii) disclosures regarding your use of cookies (including third-party cookies placed on your Digital Properties) and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; (iii) your data collection, use and disclosure practices; and (iv) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, the DAA opt-out page here:
h
ttp://www.aboutads.info/
, and/or the EDAA opt-out page here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms. (b) If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy
, or its successor URL. (c) Where applicable in your use of the Services, you also agree to incorporate and adhere to the best practices and guidelines of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("
DAA
") (
http://www.aboutads.info/principles
), and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance ("
EDAA
") (
http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/
), as may be updated and amended from time to time.
9.2 Data Analytics.
You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize, and improve the Services.
9.3 Data Security.
Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.
9.4 Compliance with Applicable Law.
You will comply with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security, and trans-border transfers of personal data (such as, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required by applicable law, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining consent from end users of your Digital Properties to (i) to place Collection Technologies (including by Branch) on the browsers or devices of end users of your Digital Properties, and (ii) collect and use the data you provide to Branch through the Services and the data that you enable Branch to collect from end users of your Digital Properties and process on your behalf, and (iii) t0 direct Branch to share data it processes on your behalf with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”); and (d) ensuring you do not provide Branch with any sensitive information or personally identifiable information through the Services that is afforded legal protection under applicable regulation or laws (“
PII
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of, your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
9.5 CCPA.
If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch California Privacy Addendum (“
California Privacy Addendum
“) available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ca-privacy-addendum
, or its successor URL, shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and the Parties agree to incorporate such California Privacy Addendum by reference into the Agreement as an integral part thereof.
10. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
10.1 Registration Information.
In order to access and use the Services, you must register an account. Any information provided during your registration must be current, complete, and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is current, complete, and accurate at all times.
10.2 Access Credentials.
The Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees, Affiliates, or your independent contractors) to access and use the Services in furtherance of your internal business purposes as expressly permitted by this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by Branch. You will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
10.3 Responsibility.
You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, regardless of whether such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and regardless of whether such Authorized User authorized or had knowledge of such action. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity and will notify Branch promptly of unauthorized access or use of the Services.
11. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content linked to or made available through Branch’s Services. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and makes no representations, warranties, endorsements, or guarantees regarding the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability for any Third-Party Content, including but not limited to, any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content.  Branch is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content.
12. TRADEMARKS
"Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("
Branch Marks
") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
13. AGENCIES & PARTNERS
13.1 Agency Client.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that, to the extent that you are accessing the Services on the Agency Client’s behalf, such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, Section 9 (Privacy Policy & Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
13.2 Partners.
The Services enable you to integrate, measure, and analyze your Branch account (including data contained therein) with certain partners that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“
Shared Data
”). To the extent that you use the Partner Features for Partners you select (“
Permitted Partners
”), then you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with such Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; and (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners and Branch is not responsible for fulfilling any such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
14.1 Definition.
Each Party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other Party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
Confidential Information
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each Party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing Party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
14.2 Use and Disclosure.
Each Party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement (the "
Purpose
"); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (1) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (2) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (3) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (4) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (5) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
14.3 Permitted Disclosures.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court order or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such Confidential Information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
15.1 Proprietary Rights.
As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title, and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use your Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), the Documentation, all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
15.2 Feedback.
Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
16. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
16.1 Warranty.
You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such Party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party.
16.2 DISCLAIMER.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. BRANCH DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION, NOR DOES BRANCH WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE FROM ERRORS, OR THAT THE OPERATIONS OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED. YOU RELY ON THE SERVICES AND THE DOCUMENTATION AT YOUR OWN RISK. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY, THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
17.1
BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
17.2
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID, OR AGREED TO PAY, TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT, THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
18. INDEMNITY
18.1 Indemnity.
You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand, suit, or action against Branch brought by a third party to the extent arising out of or relating to: (a) Third-Party Content or your use of the Services in violation of the Agreement, the Documentation, or applicable law, (b) allegations that your Digital Properties, or the combination of your Digital Properties with the Services, infringes or misappropriates a third party’s intellectual property rights, (c) your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner, or (d) a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations will be limited to the extent a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s fraud, or reckless or willful misconduct.
18.2 Agency Indemnity.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “Agencies & Partners” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
18.3 Indemnification Procedure.
Your indemnification obligations under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure), (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) Branch’s consent where a settlement requires any action on the part of Branch or (ii) the securing of an unconditional release of Branch for all liability), and (c) Branch giving you reasonably requested assistance at your expense. Branch may, at its own expense, and without limiting the obligations of the indemnifying party, maintain its own counsel and participate in the defense with counsel of its own choosing at any time.
19. MISCELLANEOUS
19.1 Governing Law.
The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
19.2 Dispute Resolution.
In the event of any dispute, claim, or controversy in connection with this Agreement (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, "
Disputes
"), each Party's senior representatives will, in good faith, attempt to resolve a Dispute. If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days or within such other time period as the Parties may agree in writing, then the Parties may commence binding arbitration under JAMS' Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The Parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the JAMS arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually agreed to between the Parties or, failing that, by JAMS under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each Party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in (a) San Francisco, California, if you are domiciled in any country outside of the (i) European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (ii) Asia-Pacific region; (b) London, England, if you are domiciled in any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco; or (c) Singapore, if you are domiciled in any country within the Asia-Pacific region.
19.3 No Waiver; Severability.
Branch’s failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Branch in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
19.4 Assignment.
The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent.
19.5 Entire Agreement.
Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation.
19.6 Relationship between the Parties.
The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
19.7 International Trade and Anti-Corruption and Laws.
Each party (a) warrants that it will comply with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and governmental orders (collectively, “
Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws
”) in the jurisdictions that apply directly or indirectly to the Services, including, without limitation, the United States, and (b) represents that it has not made, offered, promised to make, or authorized any payment or anything of value in violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws. You will promptly notify Branch in writing of any actual or potential violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws in connection with the use of the Services and take all appropriate steps to remedy or resolve such violations, including any steps requested by Branch. If applicable, you represent that you have obtained, and warrant that you will continue to obtain, all licenses or other authorizations required to export, re-export, or transfer the Services.
19.8 Sanctions Lists.
The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both you and Branch each represent that (and in your case, also your end users of your Digital Properties) it is not named on any government prohibited, denied, or unverified-party, sanctions, debarment, or exclusion list or export-controlled related restricted party list (collectively, “
Sanctions Lists
”). Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. You will immediately (i) discontinue your use of the Services if you become placed on any Sanctions List and (ii) remove your End Users’ access to the Services if your end users become placed on any Sanctions List. You represent that you have not, and warrant that you will not, export, re-export, or transfer the Services to an entity on any Sanctions List without prior authorization from the applicable governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party if the other party is in breach of its obligations hereunder with respect to Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws or Sanction Lists. If your account is blocked because it is operating in a country or region prohibited by Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws, you will receive notice of your account being inoperable when you attempt to log into your account in such prohibited country or region.
19.9 Third Party Beneficiary.
No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer, or employee of any Party hereto or any other person or entity.
19.10 Marketing Support.
You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services, (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services, and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
19.11 Force Majeure.
Neither Party will be responsible for any delay or failure in performance of any part of this Agreement to the extent that such delay or failure is caused by an event or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of the Party whose performance is affected and could not have been prevented or corrected through the exercise of reasonable diligence, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications, or denial of service attack (each such event, a “
Force Majeure Event
”). The Party alleging a Force Majeure Event (the “
Affected Party
”) will promptly notify the other Party in writing of the Force Majeure Event, providing reasonable detail of the circumstances giving rise to the Force Majeure Event, and the steps it is taking to remedy the delay or failure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial incapability will not be considered as a Force Majeure Event.
19.12 Notices.
Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“
Legal Notices
”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to legal@branch.io ("
Branch Notices
"). Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form or the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
19.13 Modifications.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of Branch’s Services after such changes have been published to Branch’s Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
20. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about Branch’s Services or these Terms, you may contact us by email at
info@branch.io
.
Effective January 1st 2023
to
June 22nd 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Terms & Conditions
1. Introduction
These Terms & Conditions ("
Terms
") are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person accessing this website ("
Website
") or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). “
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “
Beta Services
”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms. By indicating your acceptance of these Terms or using any of our Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in the Agreement. By agreeing to these Terms, you warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES.
2. Definitions
"
Agreement
" means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments attached hereto or hereafter attached by mutual written agreement of the parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
"
Order Form
" means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
"
Documentation
" means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
"
Affiliate
" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
Modifications
. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Branch will make the Services available to you pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and solely for Customer’s internal business needs. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which Branch shall give advance electronic notice), (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, regardless of the notice provided by Branch and (iii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Branch’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications , or denial of service attack, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form. Your rights to access and use the Services are limited by all terms set forth in the Agreement.
4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
4.1 Use Restrictions
. You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services. Except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) make the functionality of the Services to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (g) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; (h) use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
, or its successor URL; or (i) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Branch SDKs to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
4.2 Updates and Support
. Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. Ultimately, you are responsible for timely integration and launch of the Services. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of an upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
5. BETA SERVICES
From time to time, Branch may invite You to try Beta Services. "
Beta Services
" means Our services or functionality that are not generally available to customers at no additional charge and that may be made available to You to try at Your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description. You may accept or decline any such trial in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch, and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to, maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE, AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE.
In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
6. PAID SERVICE TERMS
6.1 Fees
. You shall pay to Branch all fees specified in an Order Form or, if there is no Order Form executed by the Parties, you shall pay the fees set forth at the applicable rates available at
https://branch.io/pricing/
, or its successor URL (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, even if such Fees are due and payable after termination of the Services, or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any Fees. Except as expressly provided in an applicable Order Form, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed for the term of the Order Form.
6.2 Payments & Invoicing
. To the extent you procure the Services with an applicable Order Form(s), invoices for the applicable Fees shall be sent to you via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account when signing up for Services, and you shall pay the Fees due upon receipt of such invoice. To the extent you procure the Services under an applicable Order Form, any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All Fees set forth in an applicable Order Form shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated therein. Fees are payable in United States dollars. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from Your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay.
6.3 Payment by Credit Card
. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand.
6.4 Payment Disputes
. If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.
6.5 Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration
. Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees 30 days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or canceling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
6.6 Taxes
. Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "Taxes"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
6.7 Withholding Taxes
. In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law ("Withholding Tax"), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
6.8 Overdue Charges
. If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
6.9 Term for Paid Services
. Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period.
6.10 Termination by Branch
. Except as expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services immediately upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable. Branch may also, in its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Services or any portion thereof if you violate any terms of the Agreement, unless you cure such breach within thirty (30) days of the date Branch provides written notice to you of such violation. Termination by Branch for your violation of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. Upon termination of the Agreement, any outstanding balance through the effective date of termination and other unpaid payment obligations will be immediately due and payable in full.
7. TERMINATION
Except with respect to paid services, as to which the terms and conditions governing termination are set forth above in the section "PAID SERVICE TERMS" of these Terms above, You acknowledge and agree that Branch, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time. You agree that Branch shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination by Branch. Except when subject to a binding contract duration (see any applicable Order Form), you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month during which such termination notice is received.
8. SURVIVAL
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
9. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
9.1 Privacy Policy.
(a) You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("
DAA
"), currently available at
http://www.aboutads.info/principles
, and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance ("
EDAA
"), currently available at
http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/
, as each set of principles may be amended from time to time.
(b) Your privacy policy will further include clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines that includes, at minimum, the following: (a) disclosure regarding your practices with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; the types of data you collect for this purpose; and your data collection, use and disclosure practices (including that by visiting your Digital Properties, third parties may place cookies on end user browsers, or use non-cookie technology, to collect data that you may use for this purpose); and (b) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, the DAA opt-out page here:
http://www.aboutads.info/
, and/or the EDAA opt-out page here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. Your “
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you using a Service or for use by you with the Services.
(c) You further agree to obtain consent to your practices from your end users with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines. If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy
, or its successor URL. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms.
9.2 Data Analytics
. You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services.
9.3 Data Security
. Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information
9.4 Compliance with Applicable Law
. You will comply with all laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining verifiable consent, in the form required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines, related to any personal data collected, used, maintained, and shared with Branch, or that you direct Branch to share with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; and (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”); and ; and (d) ensuring it does not provide to Branch any other sensitive information, including without limitation personally identifiable information that is afforded legal protection under applicable regulation or laws (“
PII
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
9.5 CCPA
. If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information and is subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch California Privacy Addendum (“
California Privacy Addendum
“) available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ca-privacy-addendum
, or its successor URL, shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and shall be incorporated by reference into, and made an integral part of, the Agreement.
10. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
10.1 Registration Information
. In order to access and use the Services, you will register an account. Any information provided during such registration must be current, complete and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is up to date at all times.
10.2 Access Credentials
. Certain parts of the Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees or your independent contractors) to access and use such parts and you will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
10.3 Responsibility
. You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, whether or not such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not such action was authorized by an Authorized User. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity or otherwise permit any other person or entity to access or use the Services.
11. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible for the performance of, does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any Third-Party Content or any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. By using Branch’s Services, you and/or your end users may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available on and through our Services.
12. TRADEMARKS
"Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("
Branch Marks
") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
13. AGENCIES & PARTNERS
13.1 Agency Client
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, Section 9 (Privacy Policy & Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
13.2 Partners
. The Services enable you to measure and analyze its marketing campaigns with certain partners that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“Shared Data”). Pursuant to the foregoing, insofar as you make use of the Partner Features, you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners as to which you make use of the Partner Features (the “
Permitted Partners
”) and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners, and that Branch is not responsible for fulfilling such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
14.1 Definition
. Each party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
ConfidentialInformation
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
14.2 Use and Disclosure
. Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement (the "
Purpose
"); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
14.3 Permitted Disclosures
. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
15.1 Proprietary Rights
. As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use Customer’s Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
15.2 Feedback
. Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
16. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
16.1 Warranty
. You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party.
16.2 DISCLAIMER
. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. Branch does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Services, and the Documentation, nor does Branch warrant that the Services will be free from errors, or that the operations of the Services will be uninterrupted. You rely on the Services and the Documentation at your own risk. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
17.1 INDIRECT LIABILITY.
BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
17.2 DIRECT LIABILITY.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM IN THE AGGREGATE. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS.
IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
18. INDEMNITY
18.1 Indemnity
. You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party (a) arising from your use of the Services in a unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement or applicable Order Form, or usage of the Services in violation of the Documentation or (b) alleging that any of your Digital Properties developed or provided by you, or the combination of your Digital Properties used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (c) based on your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner or (d) related to a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s breach of the Agreement, or applicable Order Forms.
18.2 Agency Indemnity
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “AGENCIES & PARTNERS” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
18.3 Indemnification Procedure
. Your obligations to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this Section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure); (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) the consent of Branch if such settlement would require any action on the part of Branch or (ii) unconditionally releasing Branch of all liability); and (c) Branch giving You all reasonably requested assistance at Your expense. Subject to the foregoing, Branch will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection solely at its own expense.
19. MISCELLANEOUS
19.1 Governing Law
. The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
19.2 Venue
. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California. You and Branch hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, those courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
19.3 No Waiver; Severability
. Our failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
19.4 Assignment
. The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent.
19.5 Entire Agreement
. Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation.
19.6 Relationship between the Parties
. The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
19.7 Export / Trade Compliance
. The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both Customer and Branch each represent that it is not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at:
https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List
. Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation.
19.8 Third Party Beneficiary
. No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer or employee of any party hereto or any other person or entity.
19.9 Marketing Support
. You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services; (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services; and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
19.10 Notices
. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“
Legal Notices
”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to legal@branch.io ("
Branch Notices
"). Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
20. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us by email at
info@branch.io
Effective December 29th 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Terms & Conditions
1. Introduction
These Terms & Conditions (“
Terms
”) are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person accessing this website (“
Website
”) or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). “
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “
Beta Services
”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms. By indicating your acceptance of these Terms or using any of our Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in the Agreement. By agreeing to these Terms, you warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES.
2. Definitions
“
Agreement
” means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments attached hereto or hereafter attached by mutual written agreement of the parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
“
Order Form
” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
“
Documentation
” means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
“
Affiliate
” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
Modifications
. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Branch will make the Services available to you pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and solely for Customer’s internal business needs. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which Branch shall give advance electronic notice), (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, regardless of the notice provided by Branch and (iii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Branch’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications , or denial of service attack, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form. Your rights to access and use the Services are limited by all terms set forth in the Agreement.
4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
4.1 Use Restrictions
. You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services. Except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) make the functionality of the Services to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (g) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; (h) use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
, or its successor URL; or (i) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Branch SDKs to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
4.2 Updates and Support
. Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. Ultimately, you are responsible for timely integration and launch of the Services. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of an upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
5. BETA SERVICES
From time to time, Branch may invite You to try Beta Services. “
Beta Services
” means Our services or functionality that are not generally available to customers at no additional charge and that may be made available to You to try at Your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description. You may accept or decline any such trial in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch, and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to, maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE, AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE
. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
6. PAID SERVICE TERMS
6.1 Fees
. You shall pay to Branch all fees specified in an Order Form or, if there is no Order Form executed by the Parties, you shall pay the fees set forth at the applicable rates available at
https://branch.io/pricing/
, or its successor URL (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, even if such Fees are due and payable after termination of the Services, or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any Fees. Except as expressly provided in an applicable Order Form, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed for the term of the Order Form.
6.2 Payments & Invoicing
. To the extent you procure the Services with an applicable Order Form(s), invoices for the applicable Fees shall be sent to you via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account when signing up for Services, and you shall pay the Fees due upon receipt of such invoice. To the extent you procure the Services under an applicable Order Form, any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All Fees set forth in an applicable Order Form shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated therein. Fees are payable in United States dollars. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from Your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay.
6.3 Payment by Credit Card
. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand.
6.4 Payment Disputes
. If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.
6.5 Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration
. Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees 30 days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or canceling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
6.6 Taxes
. Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "
Taxes
"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
6.7 Withholding Taxes
. In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law ("
Withholding Tax
"), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
6.8 Overdue Charges
. If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form.  You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
6.9 Term for Paid Services
. Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period.
6.10 Termination by Branch
. Except as expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services immediately upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable. Branch may also, in its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Services or any portion thereof if you violate any terms of the Agreement, unless you cure such breach within thirty (30) days of the date Branch provides written notice to you of such violation. Termination by Branch for your violation of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. Upon termination of the Agreement, any outstanding balance through the effective date of termination and other unpaid payment obligations will be immediately due and payable in full.
7. TERMINATION
Except with respect to paid services, as to which the terms and conditions governing termination are set forth above in the section "PAID SERVICE TERMS" of these Terms above, You acknowledge and agree that Branch, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time. You agree that Branch shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination by Branch. Except when subject to a binding contract duration (see any applicable Order Form), you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month during which such termination notice is received.
8. SURVIVAL
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
9. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
9.1 Privacy Policy
.
(a) You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("
DAA
"), currently available at
http://www.aboutads.info/principles
, and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance ("
EDAA
"), currently available at
http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/
, as each set of principles may be amended from time to time.
(b) Your privacy policy will further include clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines that includes, at minimum, the following: (a) disclosure regarding your practices with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; the types of data you collect for this purpose; and your data collection, use and disclosure practices (including that by visiting your Digital Properties, third parties may place cookies on end user browsers, or use non-cookie technology, to collect data that you may use for this purpose); and (b) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, the DAA opt-out page here:
http://www.aboutads.info/
, and/or the EDAA opt-out page here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. Your “
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you for use by you with the Services.
(c) You further agree to obtain consent to your practices from your end users with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines. If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy
, or its successor URL. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms.
9.2 Data Analytics
. You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services.
9.3 Data Security
. Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.
9.4 Compliance with Applicable Law
. You will comply with all laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining verifiable consent, in the form required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines, related to any personal data collected, used, maintained, and shared with Branch, or that you direct Branch to share with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; and (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”); and ; and (d) ensuring it does not provide to Branch any other sensitive information, including without limitation personally identifiable information that is afforded legal protection under applicable regulation or laws (“
PII
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
9.5 CCPA
. If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information and is subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch California Privacy Addendum (“
California Privacy Addendum
“) available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ca-privacy-addendum
, or its successor URL, shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and shall be incorporated by reference into, and made an integral part of, the Agreement.
10. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
10.1 Registration Information
. In order to access and use the Services, you will register an account. Any information provided during such registration must be current, complete and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is up to date at all times.
10.2 Access Credentials
. Certain parts of the Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees or your independent contractors) to access and use such parts and you will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
10.3 Responsibility
. You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, whether or not such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not such action was authorized by an Authorized User. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity or otherwise permit any other person or entity to access or use the Services.
11. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible for the performance of, does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any Third-Party Content or any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. By using Branch’s Services, you and/or your end users may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available on and through our Services.
12. TRADEMARKS
"Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("
Branch Marks
") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
13. AGENCIES & PARTNERS
13.1 Agency Client
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, Section 9 (Privacy Policy & Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
13.2 Partners
. The Services enable you to measure and analyze its marketing campaigns with certain partners that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“
Shared Data
”). Pursuant to the foregoing, insofar as you make use of the Partner Features, you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners as to which you make use of the Partner Features (the “
Permitted Partners
”) and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners, and that Branch is not responsible for fulfilling such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
14.1 Definition
. Each party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
Confidential Information
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
14.2 Use and Disclosure
. Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement (the “
Purpose
”); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
14.3 Permitted Disclosures
. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
15.1 Proprietary Rights
. As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use Customer’s Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
15.2 Feedback
. Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
16. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
16.1 Warranty
. You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party.
16.2 DISCLAIMER
.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE.
Branch does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Services, and the Documentation, nor does Branch warrant that the Services will be free from errors, or that the operations of the Services will be uninterrupted. You rely on the Services and the Documentation at your own risk.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
17.1 INDIRECT LIABILITY
. BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
17.2 DIRECT LIABILITY.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM IN THE AGGREGATE. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
18. INDEMNITY
18.1 Indemnity
. You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party (a) arising from your use of the Services in a unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement or applicable Order Form, or usage of the Services in violation of the Documentation or (b) alleging that any of your Digital Properties developed or provided by you, or the combination of your Digital Properties used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (c) based on your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner or (d) related to a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s breach of the Agreement, or applicable Order Forms.
18.2 Agency Indemnity
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “AGENCIES & PARTNERS” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
18.3 Indemnification Procedure
. Your obligations to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this Section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure); (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) the consent of Branch if such settlement would require any action on the part of Branch or (ii) unconditionally releasing Branch of all liability); and (c) Branch giving You all reasonably requested assistance at Your expense. Subject to the foregoing, Branch will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection solely at its own expense.
19. MISCELLANEOUS
19.1 Governing Law
. The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The Parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
19.2 Venue
. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California. You and Branch hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, those courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
19.3 No Waiver; Severability
. Our failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
19.4 Assignment
. The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent.
19.5 Entire Agreement
. Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation.
19.6 Relationship between the Parties
. The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
19.7 Export / Trade Compliance
. The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both Customer and Branch each represent that it is not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at:
https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List
. Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation.
19.8 Third Party Beneficiary
. No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer or employee of any party hereto or any other person or entity.
19.9 Marketing Support
. You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services; (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services; and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
19.10 Notices
. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“
Legal Notices
”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to legal@branch.io (“
Branch Notices
”). Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
20. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us by email at
info@branch.io
.
Effective October 11th 2022
to
December 29th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Terms & Conditions
Last updated January 28, 2022
INTRODUCTION
Top
These Terms & Conditions (“
Terms
”) are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person accessing this website (“
Website
”) or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). “
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “
Beta Services
”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms. By indicating your acceptance of these Terms or using any of our Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in the Agreement. By agreeing to these Terms, you warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES.
“
Agreement
” means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments attached hereto or hereafter attached by mutual written agreement of the parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
“
Order Form
” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
“
Documentation
” means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
.
“
Affiliate
” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
Modifications
. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Top
Service Access & Availability
. Subject to your compliance with these terms and conditions, Branch will make the Services available to you pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and solely for Customer’s internal business needs. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which Branch shall give advance electronic notice), (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, regardless of the notice provided by Branch and (iii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Branch’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications , or denial of service attack, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form. Your rights to access and use the Services are limited by all terms set forth in the Agreement.
RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
Top
Restrictions
. You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services. Except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) make the functionality of the Services to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (g) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; or (h) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Branch SDKs to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
Updates and Support
. Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. Ultimately, you are responsible for timely integration and launch of the Services. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of an upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
.
BETA SERVICES
Top
From time to time, Branch may invite You to try Beta Services. “
Beta Services
” means Our services or functionality that are not generally available to customers at no additional charge and that may be made available to You to try at Your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description. You may accept or decline any such trial in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch, and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to, maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE, AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER.
Without limiting the foregoing, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE
. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
PAID SERVICE TERMS
Top
Fees
. You will pay to Branch all fees specified in an Order Form (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, even if such Fees are due and payable after termination of the Agreement or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any Fees. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed up to the effective date of termination.
Payments & Invoicing
. Any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All charges shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated in the applicable Order Form. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from Your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay.
Payment by Credit Card
. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand.
Payment Disputes
. If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.
Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration
. Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees 30 days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or cancelling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
Taxes
. Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "
Taxes
"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
Withholding Taxes
. In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law ("
Withholding Tax
"), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
Overdue Charges
. If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form.
Term for Paid Services
. Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period.
Termination by Branch
. Except as expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services immediately upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable. Branch may also, in its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Services or any portion thereof if you violate any terms of the Agreement, unless you cure such breach within thirty (30) days of the date Branch provides written notice to you of such violation. Termination by Branch for your violation of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. Upon termination of the Agreement, any outstanding balance through the effective date of termination and other unpaid payment obligations will be immediately due and payable in full.
TERMINATION
Top
Except with respect to paid services, as to which the terms and conditions governing termination are set forth above in the section "PAID SERVICE TERMS" of these Terms above, You acknowledge and agree that Branch, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time. You agree that Branch shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination by Branch. Except when subject to a binding contract duration (see any applicable Order Form), you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month during which such termination notice is received.
SURVIVAL
Top
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
Top
Privacy Policy
. You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("
DAA
"), currently available at
http://www.aboutads.info/principles
, and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance ("
EDAA
"), currently available at
http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/
, as each set of principles may be amended from time to time.
Your privacy policy will further include clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines that includes, at minimum, the following: (a) disclosure regarding your practices with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; the types of data you collect for this purpose; and your data collection, use and disclosure practices (including that by visiting your Digital Properties, third parties may place cookies on end user browsers, or use non-cookie technology, to collect data that you may use for this purpose); and (b) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page
here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, the DAA opt-out page
here:
http://www.aboutads.info/
, and/or the EDAA opt-out page
here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. Your “
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you using a Service or for use by you with the Services. You further agree to obtain consent to your practices from your end users with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines. If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at https://branch.io/policies/#privacy. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms.
Data Analytics
. You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services.
Data Security
. Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards for the protection of information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.
Compliance with Applicable Law
. You will comply with all laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining verifiable consent, in the form required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines, related to any personal data collected, used, maintained, and shared with Branch, or that you direct Branch to share with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; and (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
CCPA
. If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information and is subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch CCPA Addendum (“
CCPA Addendum
“) available at
https://branch.io/branch-california-privacy-addendum/
(or its successor URL) shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and shall be incorporated by reference into, and made an integral part of, the Agreement.
RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
Top
Registration Information
. In order to access and use the Services, you will register an account. Any information provided during such registration must be current, complete and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is up to date at all times.
Access Credentials
. Certain parts of the Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees or your independent contractors) to access and use such parts and you will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
Responsibility
. You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, whether or not such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not such action was authorized by an Authorized User. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity or otherwise permit any other person or entity to access or use the Services.
LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
Top
Third Party Content
. You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible for the performance of, does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any Third-Party Content or any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. By using Branch’s Services, you and/or your end users may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available on and through our Services.
USE POLICIES
Top
You are solely responsible for any content and other material that you submit, publish, transmit, or display on, through, or with our Services. Customer will not use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy currently available at
https://branch.io/policies/#aup
.
TRADEMARKS
Top
Branch Trademark Rights
. "Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("
Branch Marks
") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
AGENCIES & PARTNERS
Top
Agency Client
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, section 4 (Privacy and Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
Partners
. The Services enable you to measure and analyze its marketing campaigns with certain third parties that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“Shared Data”). Pursuant to the foregoing, insofar as you make use of the Partner Features, you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners as to which you make use of the Partner Features (the “
Permitted Partners
”) and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners, and that Branch is not responsible for fulfilling such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
Top
Definition
. Each party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
Confidential Information
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
Use and Disclosure
. Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement; (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a need to have access and who have been advised of and have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
Permitted Disclosures
. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
Top
Proprietary Rights
. As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use Customer’s Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
Feedback
. Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
Top
Warranty
. You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party.
DISCLAIMER
. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. Branch does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Services, and the Documentation, nor does Branch warrant that the Services will be free from errors, or that the operations of the Services will be uninterrupted. You rely on the Services and the Documentation at your own risk. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Top
BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM IN THE AGGREGATE. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS.
IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
INDEMNITY
Top
Indemnity
. You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party (a) arising from your use of the Services in a unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement or applicable Order Form, or usage of the Services in violation of the Documentation or (b) alleging that any of your Digital Properties developed or provided by you, or the combination of your Digital Properties used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (c) based on your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner or (d) related to a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s breach of the Agreement, or applicable Order Forms.
Agency Indemnity
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “AGENCIES & PARTNERS” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
Indemnification Procedure
. Your obligations to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this Section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure); (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) the consent of Branch if such settlement would require any action on the part of Branch or (ii) unconditionally releasing Branch of all liability); and (c) Branch giving You all reasonably requested assistance at Your expense. Subject to the foregoing, Branch will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection solely at its own expense.
MISCELLANEOUS
Top
Governing Law
. The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
Venue
. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California. You and Branch hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, those courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
No Waiver; Severability
. Our failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
Assignment
. The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent.
Entire Agreement
. Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation.
Relationship between the Parties
. The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
Export / Trade Compliance
. The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both Customer and Branch each represent that it is not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at:
https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List
. Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation.
Third Party Beneficiary
. No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer or employee of any party hereto or any other person or entity.
Marketing Support
. You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services; (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services; and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
Notices
. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“Legal Notices”) will be in writing and will be effective (a) upon receipt if personally delivered to one of the addresses listed below, (b) upon receipt if sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to one of the addresses listed below, or (c) upon receipt if transmitted by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to the mailing and e-mail address set forth below (“
Branch Notices
”). Billing-related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
Branch Notices
: Legal notices should be sent to:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
With a copy provided to: legal@branch.io
CONTACTING US
Top
If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Effective May 9th 2022
to
October 11th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Terms & Conditions
Last updated January 28, 2022
INTRODUCTION
These Terms & Conditions (“
Terms
”) are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person accessing this website (“
Website
”) or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). “
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “
Beta Services
”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms. By indicating your acceptance of these Terms or using any of our Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in the Agreement. By agreeing to these Terms, you warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES.
“
Agreement
” means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments attached hereto or hereafter attached by mutual written agreement of the parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
“
Order Form
” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
“
Documentation
” means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
.
“
Affiliate
” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
Modifications
. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Service Access & Availability
. Subject to your compliance with these terms and conditions, Branch will make the Services available to you pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and solely for Customer’s internal business needs. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which Branch shall give advance electronic notice), (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, regardless of the notice provided by Branch and (iii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Branch’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications , or denial of service attack, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form. Your rights to access and use the Services are limited by all terms set forth in the Agreement.
RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
Restrictions
. You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services. Except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) make the functionality of the Services to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (g) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; or (h) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Branch SDKs to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
Updates and Support
. Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. Ultimately, you are responsible for timely integration and launch of the Services. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of an upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
.
BETA SERVICES
From time to time, Branch may invite You to try Beta Services. “
Beta Services
” means Our services or functionality that are not generally available to customers at no additional charge and that may be made available to You to try at Your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description. You may accept or decline any such trial in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch, and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to, maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE, AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER.
Without limiting the foregoing, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE
. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
PAID SERVICE TERMS
Fees
. You will pay to Branch all fees specified in an Order Form (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, even if such Fees are due and payable after termination of the Agreement or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any Fees. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed up to the effective date of termination.
Payments & Invoicing
. Any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All charges shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated in the applicable Order Form. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from Your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay.
Payment by Credit Card
. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand.
Payment Disputes
. If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.
Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration
. Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees 30 days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or cancelling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
Taxes
. Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "
Taxes
"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
Withholding Taxes
. In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law ("
Withholding Tax
"), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
Overdue Charges
. If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form.
Term for Paid Services
. Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period.
Termination by Branch
. Except as expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services immediately upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable. Branch may also, in its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Services or any portion thereof if you violate any terms of the Agreement, unless you cure such breach within thirty (30) days of the date Branch provides written notice to you of such violation. Termination by Branch for your violation of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. Upon termination of the Agreement, any outstanding balance through the effective date of termination and other unpaid payment obligations will be immediately due and payable in full.
TERMINATION
Except with respect to paid services, as to which the terms and conditions governing termination are set forth above in the section "PAID SERVICE TERMS" of these Terms above, You acknowledge and agree that Branch, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time. You agree that Branch shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination by Branch. Except when subject to a binding contract duration (see any applicable Order Form), you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month during which such termination notice is received.
SURVIVAL
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
Privacy Policy
. You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("
DAA
"), currently available at
http://www.aboutads.info/principles
, and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance ("
EDAA
"), currently available at
http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/
, as each set of principles may be amended from time to time.
Your privacy policy will further include clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines that includes, at minimum, the following: (a) disclosure regarding your practices with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; the types of data you collect for this purpose; and your data collection, use and disclosure practices (including that by visiting your Digital Properties, third parties may place cookies on end user browsers, or use non-cookie technology, to collect data that you may use for this purpose); and (b) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page
here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, the DAA opt-out page
here:
http://www.aboutads.info/
, and/or the EDAA opt-out page
here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. Your “
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you using a Service or for use by you with the Services. You further agree to obtain consent to your practices from your end users with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines. If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at https://branch.io/policies/#privacy. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms.
Data Analytics
. You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services.
Data Security
. Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards for the protection of information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.
Compliance with Applicable Law
. You will comply with all laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining verifiable consent, in the form required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines, related to any personal data collected, used, maintained, and shared with Branch, or that you direct Branch to share with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; and (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
CCPA
. If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information and is subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch CCPA Addendum (“
CCPA Addendum
“) available at
https://branch.io/branch-california-privacy-addendum/
(or its successor URL) shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and shall be incorporated by reference into, and made an integral part of, the Agreement.
RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
Registration Information
. In order to access and use the Services, you will register an account. Any information provided during such registration must be current, complete and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is up to date at all times.
Access Credentials
. Certain parts of the Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees or your independent contractors) to access and use such parts and you will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
Responsibility
. You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, whether or not such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not such action was authorized by an Authorized User. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity or otherwise permit any other person or entity to access or use the Services.
LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
Third Party Content
. You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible for the performance of, does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any Third-Party Content or any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. By using Branch’s Services, you and/or your end users may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available on and through our Services.
USE POLICIES
You are solely responsible for any content and other material that you submit, publish, transmit, or display on, through, or with our Services. Customer will not use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy currently available at https://branch.io/policies/#aup.
TRADEMARKS
Branch Trademark Rights
. "Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("
Branch Marks
") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
AGENCIES & PARTNERS
Agency Client
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, section 4 (Privacy and Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
Partners
. The Services enable you to measure and analyze its marketing campaigns with certain third parties that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“Shared Data”). Pursuant to the foregoing, insofar as you make use of the Partner Features, you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners as to which you make use of the Partner Features (the “
Permitted Partners
”) and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners, and that Branch is not responsible for fulfilling such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
Definition
. Each party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
Confidential Information
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
Use and Disclosure
. Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement; (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a need to have access and who have been advised of and have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
Permitted Disclosures
. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
Proprietary Rights
. As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use Customer’s Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
Feedback
. Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
Warranty
. You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party.
DISCLAIMER
. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. Branch does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Services, and the Documentation, nor does Branch warrant that the Services will be free from errors, or that the operations of the Services will be uninterrupted. You rely on the Services and the Documentation at your own risk. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM IN THE AGGREGATE. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS.
IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
INDEMNITY
Indemnity
. You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party (a) arising from your use of the Services in a unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement or applicable Order Form, or usage of the Services in violation of the Documentation or (b) alleging that any of your Digital Properties developed or provided by you, or the combination of your Digital Properties used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (c) based on your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner or (d) related to a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s breach of the Agreement, or applicable Order Forms.
Agency Indemnity
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “AGENCIES & PARTNERS” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
Indemnification Procedure
. Your obligations to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this Section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure); (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) the consent of Branch if such settlement would require any action on the part of Branch or (ii) unconditionally releasing Branch of all liability); and (c) Branch giving You all reasonably requested assistance at Your expense. Subject to the foregoing, Branch will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection solely at its own expense.
MISCELLANEOUS
Governing Law
. The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
Venue
. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California. You and Branch hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, those courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
No Waiver; Severability
. Our failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
Assignment
. The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent.
Entire Agreement
. Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation.
Relationship between the Parties
. The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
Export / Trade Compliance
. The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both Customer and Branch each represent that it is not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at:
https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List
. Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation.
Third Party Beneficiary
. No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer or employee of any party hereto or any other person or entity.
Marketing Support
. You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services; (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services; and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
Notices
. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“Legal Notices”) will be in writing and will be effective (a) upon receipt if personally delivered to one of the addresses listed below, (b) upon receipt if sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to one of the addresses listed below, or (c) upon receipt if transmitted by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to the mailing and e-mail address set forth below (“
Branch Notices
”). Billing-related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
Branch Notices
: Legal notices should be sent to:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
With a copy provided to: legal@branch.io
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Effective May 9th 2022
to
May 9th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Terms & Conditions
Last updated January 28, 2022
INTRODUCTION
These Terms & Conditions (“
Terms
”) are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person accessing this website (“
Website
”) or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). “
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “
Beta Services
”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms. By indicating your acceptance of these Terms or using any of our Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in the Agreement. By agreeing to these Terms, you warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES.
“
Agreement
” means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments attached hereto or hereafter attached by mutual written agreement of the parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
“
Order Form
” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
“
Documentation
” means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
.
“
Affiliate
” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
Modifications
. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Service Access & Availability
. Subject to your compliance with these terms and conditions, Branch will make the Services available to you pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and solely for Customer’s internal business needs. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which Branch shall give advance electronic notice), (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, regardless of the notice provided by Branch and (iii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Branch’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications , or denial of service attack, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form. Your rights to access and use the Services are limited by all terms set forth in the Agreement.
RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
Restrictions
. You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services. Except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) make the functionality of the Services to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (g) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; or (h) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Branch SDKs to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
Updates and Support
. Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. Ultimately, you are responsible for timely integration and launch of the Services. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of an upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
.
BETA SERVICES
From time to time, Branch may invite You to try Beta Services. “
Beta Services
” means Our services or functionality that are not generally available to customers at no additional charge and that may be made available to You to try at Your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description. You may accept or decline any such trial in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch, and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to, maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE, AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER.
Without limiting the foregoing, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE
. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
PAID SERVICE TERMS
Fees
. You will pay to Branch all fees specified in an Order Form (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, even if such Fees are due and payable after termination of the Agreement or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any Fees. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed up to the effective date of termination.
Payments & Invoicing
. Any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All charges shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated in the applicable Order Form. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from Your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay.
Payment by Credit Card
. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand.
Payment Disputes
. If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.
Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration
. Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees 30 days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or cancelling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
Taxes
. Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "
Taxes
"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
Withholding Taxes
. In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law ("
Withholding Tax
"), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax.
Overdue Charges
. If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form.
Term for Paid Services
. Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period.
Termination by Branch
. Except as expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services immediately upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable. Branch may also, in its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Services or any portion thereof if you violate any terms of the Agreement, unless you cure such breach within thirty (30) days of the date Branch provides written notice to you of such violation. Termination by Branch for your violation of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. Upon termination of the Agreement, any outstanding balance through the effective date of termination and other unpaid payment obligations will be immediately due and payable in full.
TERMINATION
Except with respect to paid services, as to which the terms and conditions governing termination are set forth above in the section "PAID SERVICE TERMS" of these Terms above, You acknowledge and agree that Branch, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time. You agree that Branch shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination by Branch. Except when subject to a binding contract duration (see any applicable Order Form), you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month during which such termination notice is received.
SURVIVAL
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
Privacy Policy
. You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("
DAA
"), currently available at
http://www.aboutads.info/principles
, and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance ("
EDAA
"), currently available at
http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/
, as each set of principles may be amended from time to time.
Your privacy policy will further include clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines that includes, at minimum, the following: (a) disclosure regarding your practices with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; the types of data you collect for this purpose; and your data collection, use and disclosure practices (including that by visiting your Digital Properties, third parties may place cookies on end user browsers, or use non-cookie technology, to collect data that you may use for this purpose); and (b) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page
here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, the DAA opt-out page
here:
http://www.aboutads.info/
, and/or the EDAA opt-out page
here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. Your “
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you using a Service or for use by you with the Services. You further agree to obtain consent to your practices from your end users with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines. If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at https://branch.io/policies/#privacy. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms.
Data Analytics
. You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services.
Data Security
. Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards for the protection of information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.
Compliance with Applicable Law
. You will comply with all laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining verifiable consent, in the form required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines, related to any personal data collected, used, maintained, and shared with Branch, or that you direct Branch to share with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; and (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
CCPA
. If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information and is subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch CCPA Addendum (“
CCPA Addendum
“) available at
https://branch.io/branch-california-privacy-addendum/
(or its successor URL) shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and shall be incorporated by reference into, and made an integral part of, the Agreement.
RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
Registration Information
. In order to access and use the Services, you will register an account. Any information provided during such registration must be current, complete and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is up to date at all times.
Access Credentials
. Certain parts of the Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees or your independent contractors) to access and use such parts and you will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
Responsibility
. You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, whether or not such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not such action was authorized by an Authorized User. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity or otherwise permit any other person or entity to access or use the Services.
LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
Third Party Content
. You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible for the performance of, does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any Third-Party Content or any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. By using Branch’s Services, you and/or your end users may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available on and through our Services.
USE POLICIES
You are solely responsible for any content and other material that you submit, publish, transmit, or display on, through, or with our Services. Customer will not use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy currently available at https://branch.io/policies/#aup.
TRADEMARKS
Branch Trademark Rights
. "Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("
Branch Marks
") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
AGENCIES & PARTNERS
Agency Client
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, section 4 (Privacy and Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
Partners
. The Services enable you to measure and analyze its marketing campaigns with certain third parties that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“Shared Data”). Pursuant to the foregoing, insofar as you make use of the Partner Features, you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners as to which you make use of the Partner Features (the “
Permitted Partners
”) and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners, and that Branch is not responsible for fulfilling such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
Definition
. Each party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
Confidential Information
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
Use and Disclosure
. Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement; (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a need to have access and who have been advised of and have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
Permitted Disclosures
. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
Proprietary Rights
. As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use Customer’s Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
Feedback
. Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
Warranty
. You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party.
DISCLAIMER
. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. Branch does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Services, and the Documentation, nor does Branch warrant that the Services will be free from errors, or that the operations of the Services will be uninterrupted. You rely on the Services and the Documentation at your own risk. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM IN THE AGGREGATE. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS.
IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
INDEMNITY
Indemnity
. You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party (a) arising from your use of the Services in a unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement or applicable Order Form, or usage of the Services in violation of the Documentation or (b) alleging that any of your Digital Properties developed or provided by you, or the combination of your Digital Properties used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (c) based on your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner or (d) related to a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s breach of the Agreement, or applicable Order Forms.
Agency Indemnity
. If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “AGENCIES & PARTNERS” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
Indemnification Procedure
. Your obligations to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this Section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure); (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) the consent of Branch if such settlement would require any action on the part of Branch or (ii) unconditionally releasing Branch of all liability); and (c) Branch giving You all reasonably requested assistance at Your expense. Subject to the foregoing, Branch will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection solely at its own expense.
MISCELLANEOUS
Governing Law
. The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
Venue
. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California. You and Branch hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, those courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
No Waiver; Severability
. Our failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
Assignment
. The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent.
Entire Agreement
. Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation.
Relationship between the Parties
. The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
Export / Trade Compliance
. The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both Customer and Branch each represent that it is not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at:
https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List
. Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation.
Third Party Beneficiary
. No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer or employee of any party hereto or any other person or entity.
Marketing Support
. You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services; (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services; and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
Notices
. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“Legal Notices”) will be in writing and will be effective (a) upon receipt if personally delivered to one of the addresses listed below, (b) upon receipt if sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to one of the addresses listed below, or (c) upon receipt if transmitted by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to the mailing and e-mail address set forth below (“
Branch Notices
”). Billing-related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
Branch Notices
: Legal notices should be sent to:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
With a copy provided to: legal@branch.io
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Effective January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
California Privacy Addendum
Effective: January 1, 2023
This California Privacy Addendum (“Addendum”) amends and is an integral part of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s Terms & Conditions (or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between you and Branch (“Service Agreement”), of that Service Agreement), which together with one or more Order Forms, addendums, or exhibits forms the “Agreement” between you (“Customer,” “you,” or “your”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. d/b/a Branch Metrics (“Branch,” “Branch Metrics,” “we,” or “us”), each a “Party” and collectively the “Parties”. This Addendum shall prevail over any conflicting term of the Agreement regarding the Personal Information of residents of the State of California.
I. DEFINITIONS
Top
The following terms will have the meanings set forth below. Capitalized terms used in this Addendum that are not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.
“CCPA” means the California Consumer Privacy Act at Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 - 1798.199, including its implementing regulations.
“Personal Information” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA, limited to the information that Branch processes on behalf of Customer in its performance of its obligations under the Agreement.
The terms “Business,” “Service Provider,” “Share,” and “Sell” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA.
II. PARTIES’ ROLES AND PROCESSING DETAILS
Top
The Parties agree that you are a Business and Branch is a Service Provider.
Branch shall process Personal Information as necessary for the performance of the Services, as well as related support and professional services as set forth in the Agreement, or where directed by other reasonable documented instructions provided by Customer (collectively, the “Business Purposes”).
III. BRANCH’S OBLIGATIONS
Top
Customer Instructions. Customer directs Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and/or otherwise process Personal Information (i) to fulfill Branch’s obligations to perform the Business Purposes, (ii) to fulfill Branch’s obligations in this Addendum, (iii) internal use as permitted by the CCPA, (iv) to detect data security incidents or protect against fraudulent or illegal activity, and (v) as otherwise directed by Customer in writing.
Use Limitations. Except as authorized by the CCPA, Branch shall:
not Sell or Share Personal Information;
not retain, use, or disclose Personal Information outside of the direct business relationship between Customer and Branch that would render it a “Third Party” under CCPA;
not retain, use, or disclose Personal Information for any commercial purpose other than the Business Purposes;
not attempt to re-identify any pseudonymized, anonymized, aggregate, or de-identified Personal Information without Customer’s express written permission;
not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information and other personal information or any other data without the express authorization of Customer;
comply with any applicable restrictions under the CCPA on combining Personal Information with personal information that Branch receives from, or on behalf of, another person or persons, or that Branch collects from any interaction between it and any individual;
provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as is required under the CCPA as to Customer;
not otherwise engage in any processing of Personal Information that is prohibited or not permitted by Service Providers under the CCPA; and
notify Customer if Branch determines it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA.
Permitted Uses. In addition to the purposes set forth above, Customer understands and agrees that Branch may collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information as follows:
To collect, use, retain, share, or disclose Personal Information that has been (A) aggregated or (B) de-identified in accordance with the CCPA.
To comply with applicable laws.
To comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities
To cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that Customer, Branch, or a third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law.
To exercise or defend legal claims.
Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests. Upon written request of Customer, Branch shall assist Customer in complying with Customer’s obligations under the CCPA to respond to verifiable consumer requests to access, delete, or correct Personal Information. Branch shall have no obligation to re-identify or otherwise link information that is not maintained in a manner that would be considered Personal Information.
Branch Certification. Branch certifies that it understands the restrictions and obligations set forth above.
IV. CUSTOMER RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
Top
Compliance with Applicable Law. Customer shall comply with applicable laws, including without limitation, and to the extent required: (i) providing notice; (ii) obtaining consent; (iii) honoring access, deletion, opt-out, and opt-in rights and requests; and (iv) otherwise ensuring that it and Branch have any and all rights required in order for Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information under the Agreement.
Customer Directions. Customer shall not direct Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, or otherwise process Personal Information in violation of the CCPA or other applicable laws.
Responding to Requests. Customer understands and agrees that it is solely responsible for responding to requests to exercise individual rights and that Branch shall have no responsibility to respond directly to an individual on the Customer’s behalf, absent written instructions from the Customer. Where Branch receives a consumer request to access, correct, or delete Personal Information, it may inform the individual that the request cannot be acted upon because the request has been sent to a Service Provider.
Remediation. Customer may take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure Branch uses the Personal Information consistent with Customer’s obligations under the CCPA. Customer retains the right to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing of Personal Information, including any Personal Information not expressly authorized in this Addendum.
Effective December 22nd 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
California Privacy Addendum
Effective: January 1, 2023
This California Privacy Addendum (“Addendum”) amends and is an integral part of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s Terms & Conditions (or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between you and Branch (“Service Agreement”), of that Service Agreement), which together with one or more Order Forms, addendums, or exhibits forms the “Agreement” between you (“Customer,” “you,” or “your”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. d/b/a Branch Metrics (“Branch,” “Branch Metrics,” “we,” or “us”), each a “Party” and collectively the “Parties”. This Addendum shall prevail over any conflicting term of the Agreement regarding the Personal Information of residents of the State of California.
I. DEFINITIONS
Top
The following terms will have the meanings set forth below. Capitalized terms used in this Addendum that are not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.
“CCPA” means the California Consumer Privacy Act at Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 - 1798.199, including its implementing regulations.
“Personal Information” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA, limited to the information that Branch processes on behalf of Customer in its performance of its obligations under the Agreement.
The terms “Business,” “Service Provider,” “Share,” and “Sell” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA.
II. PARTIES’ ROLES AND PROCESSING DETAILS
Top
The Parties agree that you are a Business and Branch is a Service Provider.
Branch shall process Personal Information as necessary for the performance of the Services, as well as related support and professional services as set forth in the Agreement, or where directed by other reasonable documented instructions provided by Customer (collectively, the “Business Purposes”).
III. BRANCH’S OBLIGATIONS
Top
Customer Instructions. Customer directs Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and/or otherwise process Personal Information (i) to fulfill Branch’s obligations to perform the Business Purposes, (ii) to fulfill Branch’s obligations in this Addendum, (iii) internal use as permitted by the CCPA, (iv) to detect data security incidents or protect against fraudulent or illegal activity, and (v) as otherwise directed by Customer in writing.
Use Limitations. Except as authorized by the CCPA, Branch shall:
not Sell or Share Personal Information;
not retain, use, or disclose Personal Information outside of the direct business relationship between Customer and Branch that would render it a “Third Party” under CCPA;
not retain, use, or disclose Personal Information for any commercial purpose other than the Business Purposes;
not attempt to re-identify any pseudonymized, anonymized, aggregate, or de-identified Personal Information without Customer’s express written permission;
not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information and other personal information or any other data without the express authorization of Customer;
comply with any applicable restrictions under the CCPA on combining Personal Information with personal information that Branch receives from, or on behalf of, another person or persons, or that Branch collects from any interaction between it and any individual;
provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as is required under the CCPA as to Customer;
not otherwise engage in any processing of Personal Information that is prohibited or not permitted by Service Providers under the CCPA; and
notify Customer if Branch determines it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA.
Permitted Uses. In addition to the purposes set forth above, Customer understands and agrees that Branch may collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information as follows:
To collect, use, retain, share, or disclose Personal Information that has been (A) aggregated or (B) de-identified in accordance with the CCPA.
To comply with applicable laws.
To comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities
To cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that Customer, Branch, or a third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law.
To exercise or defend legal claims.
Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests. Upon written request of Customer, Branch shall assist Customer in complying with Customer’s obligations under the CCPA to respond to verifiable consumer requests to access, delete, or correct Personal Information. Branch shall have no obligation to re-identify or otherwise link information that is not maintained in a manner that would be considered Personal Information.
Branch Certification. Branch certifies that it understands the restrictions and obligations set forth above.
IV. CUSTOMER RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
Top
Compliance with Applicable Law. Customer shall comply with applicable laws, including without limitation, and to the extent required: (i) providing notice; (ii) obtaining consent; (iii) honoring access, deletion, opt-out, and opt-in rights and requests; and (iv) otherwise ensuring that it and Branch have any and all rights required in order for Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information under the Agreement.
Customer Directions. Customer shall not direct Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, or otherwise process Personal Information in violation of the CCPA or other applicable laws.
Responding to Requests. Customer understands and agrees that it is solely responsible for responding to requests to exercise individual rights and that Branch shall have no responsibility to respond directly to an individual on the Customer’s behalf, absent written instructions from the Customer. Where Branch receives a consumer request to access, correct, or delete Personal Information, it may inform the individual that the request cannot be acted upon because the request has been sent to a Service Provider.
Remediation. Customer may take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure Branch uses the Personal Information consistent with Customer’s obligations under the CCPA. Customer retains the right to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing of Personal Information, including any Personal Information not expressly authorized in this Addendum.
Effective October 11th 2022
to
December 22nd 2022
Download
Table of Contents
California Privacy Addendum
Updated: September 9th, 2021
This California Privacy Addendum (“Addendum”) amends and is an integral part of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s Terms & Conditions (or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between you and Branch (“Service Agreement”), of that Service Agreement), which together with one or more Order Forms, addendums, or exhibits forms the “Agreement” between you (“Business,” “you,” or “your”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. d/b/a Branch Metrics (“Branch,” “Branch Metrics,” “we,” or “us”), each a “Party” and collectively the “Parties”. This Addendum shall prevail over any conflicting term of the Agreement with regard to the Personal Information of residents of the State of California.
I. DEFINITIONS
Top
The following terms will have the meanings set forth below. Capitalized terms used in this Addendum that are not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.
“CCPA” means the California Consumer Privacy Act at Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 - 1798.199.
“Personal Information” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA, limited to the information that Branch processes on behalf of Business.
The terms “Business” and “Sell” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA.
II. PARTIES’ ROLES
Top
The Parties agree that you are a Business and Branch is a Service Provider, as those terms are defined in the CCPA.
III. BRANCH’S OBLIGATIONS
Top
Business Instructions
. Business directs Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and/or otherwise process Personal Information for (i) to fulfill Branch’s obligations to perform the Branch Services under the Agreement, (ii) to fulfill Branch’s obligations in this Addendum, (iii) internal use as permitted by the CCPA, (iv) to detect data security incidents or protect against fraudulent or illegal activity, and (v) as otherwise directed by Business in writing.
Use Limitations
. Branch shall not Sell Personal Information or otherwise retain, use, or disclose Personal Information for any commercial purpose other than for the specific purposes set forth herein.
Permitted Uses
. In addition to the purposes set forth above, Business understands and agrees that Branch may collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information as follows:
To collect, use, retain, share, or disclose Personal Information that has been (A) aggregated or (B) de-identified in accordance with the CCPA.
To comply with applicable laws.
To comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities
To cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that Business, Branch, or a third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law.
To exercise or defend legal claims.
Access and Deletion Requests
. Upon written request of Business, Branch shall assist Business in complying with Business’ obligations under the CCPA to respond to verifiable consumer requests to access or delete Personal Information. Branch shall have no obligation to reidentify or otherwise link information that is not maintained in a manner that would be considered Personal Information.
Branch Certification
. Branch certifies that it understands the restrictions and obligations set forth above.
IV. BUSINESS OBLIGATIONS
Top
Compliance with Applicable Law
. Business shall comply with applicable laws, including without limitation, and to the extent required: (i) providing notice; (ii) obtaining consent; (iii) honoring access, deletion, opt-out, and opt-in rights and requests; and (iv) otherwise ensuring that it and Branch have any and all rights required in order for Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information under the Agreement.
Business Directions
. Business shall not direct Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, or otherwise process Personal Information in violation of the CCPA or other applicable laws.
Responding to Requests
. Business understands and agrees that it is solely responsible for responding to requests to exercise individual rights and that Branch shall have no responsibility to respond directly to an individual on the Business’ behalf, absent written instructions from the Business. Where Branch receives a consumer request to access or delete Personal Information, it may inform the individual that the request cannot be acted upon because the request has been sent to a Service Provider.
Effective December 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Branch, CCPA, and CPRA
On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) took effect. The California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) amendments to the CCPA become effective January 1, 2023. Building on the privacy foundation established through our GDPR compliance efforts, Branch is committed to ensuring that our services continue to comply with the CCPA.
We have created this CCPA resource page to help you understand the steps that Branch has taken regarding its own CCPA compliance, and the tools available to our customers to enable the use of Branch’s services in a CCPA-compliant way.
In this guide, we have capitalized terms
defined by the CCPA
, as amended by the CPRA, so you can easily identify them.
The role of Branch under the CCPA
How does the CCPA apply to the relationship between Branch and its customers?
If you are using Branch analytics and deep-linking services as a customer, there is an agreement between you and Branch that describes the services that Branch provides to you. This agreement may include order forms, exhibits, or addenda, and serves as your instruction to Branch to process personal data as part of Branch’s performance of our services. For the purposes of the CCPA, the data that Branch collects on behalf of its customers may include Personal Information.
When using our analytics and deep-linking services, if you are subject to the CCPA, you are a “Business” and Branch is your “Service Provider,” as those terms are defined in the CCPA. Your disclosure of Personal Information related to your end users with Branch, and Branch’s collection on your behalf of Personal Information related to your end users, are done to facilitate Branch’s performance of its services that you contracted for.
Branch Will Never Sell or Share Personal Information
As part of its provision of analytics and deep-linking services to you, Branch does not “Sell” or “Share” Personal Information of your end users as defined under the CCPA.
This Addendum supplements our agreement with you and confirms our commitment to not Sell or Share Personal Information as part of our analytics and deep-linking services.
How Branch supports CCPA compliance for our customers
CCPA Addendum
Branch has updated its terms to codify our position as your Service Provider (as defined by CCPA). We’ve made our California Privacy addendum available for review, which reflects our CCPA standards. This
California Privacy Addendum
supplements our agreement with you and confirms our commitment to not Sell or Share Personal Information in violation of the CCPA.
California Privacy Addendum
Handling Consumer Rights Requests
As a Business, it is your responsibility under the CCPA to respond to requests relating to the Personal Information of your end users, including end user requests to access, delete, or correct their Personal Information.
Verifiable Consumer Requests
As a Service Provider under the CCPA, Branch works with you when your end users contact you to exercise their rights under the CCPA to obtain access to, delete, or correct Personal Information.
Branch will follow your instructions to delete or rectify Personal Information as required under the law, unless Branch concludes that it is necessary for Branch to maintain such Personal Information for one or more permitted purposes under applicable law (e.g., to detect fraudulent or illegal activity, or to prosecute those responsible for these activities).
To submit an end-user request to our team, reach out to us through our data subject request portal
here
.
Submit Request
CCPA & CPRA - Updated Privacy Policy
Branch’s
Privacy Policy
reflects applicable disclosure requirements under the CCPA, as amended by the CPRA. If you have any questions related to Branch’s CCPA compliance efforts, please contact our Privacy Team at:
privacy@branch.io
.
How to make a request to Branch under the CCPA
If you are a Branch customer who has end users that are California residents and that wish to exercise their CCPA rights, please click below to submit your request on their behalf.
Submit Request
Other Resources
Data collected by Branch
Read our Privacy Policy for full details on the types of data Branch collects, and how we use each one to provide our services.
Privacy Policy
List of third-party vendors
We maintain a list of vendors that process personal data on Branch's behalf, and the purpose for which we share data with each of these vendors.
Third Party Vendors
California Privacy Addendum
California Privacy Addendum
Effective January 1st 2023
to
December 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Branch, CCPA, and CPRA
On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) took effect. The California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) amendments to the CCPA become effective January 1, 2023. Building on the privacy foundation established through our GDPR compliance efforts, Branch is committed to ensuring that our services continue to comply with the CCPA.
We have created this CCPA resource page to help you understand the steps that Branch has taken regarding its own CCPA compliance, and the tools available to our customers to enable the use of Branch’s services in a CCPA-compliant way.
In this guide, we have capitalized terms
defined by the CCPA
, as amended by the CPRA, so you can easily identify them.
The role of Branch under the CCPA
How does the CCPA apply to the relationship between Branch and its customers?
If you are using Branch analytics and deep-linking services as a customer, there is an agreement between you and Branch that describes the services that Branch provides to you. This agreement may include order forms, exhibits, or addenda, and serves as your instruction to Branch to process personal data as part of Branch’s performance of our services. For the purposes of the CCPA, the data that Branch collects on behalf of its customers may include Personal Information.
When using our analytics and deep-linking services, if you are subject to the CCPA, you are a “Business” and Branch is your “Service Provider,” as those terms are defined in the CCPA. Your disclosure of Personal Information related to your end users with Branch, and Branch’s collection on your behalf of Personal Information related to your end users, are done to facilitate Branch’s performance of its services that you contracted for.
Branch Will Never Sell or Share Personal Information
As part of its provision of analytics and deep-linking services to you, Branch does not “Sell” or “Share” Personal Information of your end users as defined under the CCPA.
This Addendum supplements our agreement with you and confirms our commitment to not Sell or Share Personal Information as part of our analytics and deep-linking services.
How Branch supports CCPA compliance for our customers
CCPA Addendum
Branch has updated its terms to codify our position as your Service Provider (as defined by CCPA). We’ve made our California Privacy addendum available for review, which reflects our CCPA standards. This
California Privacy Addendum
supplements our agreement with you and confirms our commitment to not Sell or Share Personal Information in violation of the CCPA.
California Privacy Addendum
Handling Consumer Rights Requests
As a Business, it is your responsibility under the CCPA to respond to requests relating to the Personal Information of your end users, including end user requests to access, delete, or correct their Personal Information.
Verifiable Consumer Requests
As a Service Provider under the CCPA, Branch works with you when your end users contact you to exercise their rights under the CCPA to obtain access to, delete, or correct Personal Information.
Branch will follow your instructions to delete or rectify Personal Information as required under the law, unless Branch concludes that it is necessary for Branch to maintain such Personal Information for one or more permitted purposes under applicable law (e.g., to detect fraudulent or illegal activity, or to prosecute those responsible for these activities).
To submit an end-user request to our team, reach out to us through our data subject request portal and we will work with you to fulfill your end user’s request for Personal Information we process on your behalf. Please include in that request the end-user’s advertising identifier (e.g., IDFA/GAID), and the date you received the end-user’s request. For further information about how to submit these requests to Branch on behalf of your end users, please click
here
.
Submit Request
CCPA & CPRA - Updated Privacy Policy
Branch’s
privacy policy
reflects applicable disclosure requirements under the CCPA, as amended by the CPRA. If you have any questions related to Branch’s CCPA compliance efforts, please contact our Privacy Team at:
privacy@branch.io
.
How to make a request to Branch under the CCPA
If you are a Branch customer who has end users that are California residents and that wish to exercise their CCPA rights, please click below to submit your request on their behalf.
Submit Request
Other Resources
Data collected by Branch
Read our Privacy Policy for full details on the types of data Branch collects, and how we use each one to provide our services.
Privacy Policy
List of third-party vendors
We maintain a list of vendors that process personal data on Branch's behalf, and the purpose for which we share data with each of these vendors.
Third Party Vendors
California Privacy Addendum
California Privacy Addendum
Effective December 22nd 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Branch, CCPA, and CPRA
On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) took effect. The California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) amendments to the CCPA become effective January 1, 2023. Building on the privacy foundation established through our GDPR compliance efforts, Branch is committed to ensuring that our services continue to comply with the CCPA.
We have created this CCPA resource page to help you understand the steps that Branch has taken regarding its own CCPA compliance, and the tools available to our customers to enable the use of Branch’s services in a CCPA-compliant way.
In this guide, we have capitalized terms
defined by the CCPA
, as amended by the CPRA, so you can easily identify them.
The role of Branch under the CCPA
How does the CCPA apply to the relationship between Branch and its customers?
If you are using Branch analytics and deep-linking services as a customer, there is an agreement between you and Branch that describes the services that Branch provides to you. This agreement may include order forms, exhibits, or addenda, and serves as your instruction to Branch to process personal data as part of Branch’s performance of our services. For the purposes of the CCPA, the data that Branch collects on behalf of its customers may include Personal Information.
When using our analytics and deep-linking services, if you are subject to the CCPA, you are a “Business” and Branch is your “Service Provider,” as those terms are defined in the CCPA. Your disclosure of Personal Information related to your end users with Branch, and Branch’s collection on your behalf of Personal Information related to your end users, are done to facilitate Branch’s performance of its services that you contracted for.
Branch Will Never Sell or Share Personal Information
As part of its provision of analytics and deep-linking services to you, Branch does not “Sell” or “Share” Personal Information of your end users as defined under the CCPA.
This Addendum supplements our agreement with you and confirms our commitment to not Sell or Share Personal Information as part of our analytics and deep-linking services.
How Branch supports CCPA compliance for our customers
CCPA Addendum
Branch has updated its terms to codify our position as your Service Provider (as defined by CCPA). We’ve made our California Privacy addendum available for review, which reflects our CCPA standards. This
California Privacy Addendum
supplements our agreement with you and confirms our commitment to not Sell or Share Personal Information in violation of the CCPA.
California Privacy Addendum
Handling Consumer Rights Requests
As a Business, it is your responsibility under the CCPA to respond to requests relating to the Personal Information of your end users, including end user requests to access, delete, or correct their Personal Information.
Verifiable Consumer Requests
As a Service Provider under the CCPA, Branch works with you when your end users contact you to exercise their rights under the CCPA to obtain access to, delete, or correct Personal Information.
Branch will follow your instructions to delete or rectify Personal Information as required under the law, unless Branch concludes that it is necessary for Branch to maintain such Personal Information for one or more permitted purposes under applicable law (e.g., to detect fraudulent or illegal activity, or to prosecute those responsible for these activities).
To submit an end-user request to our team, reach out to us through our data subject request portal and we will work with you to fulfill your end user’s request for Personal Information we process on your behalf. Please include in that request the end-user’s advertising identifier (e.g., IDFA/GAID), and the date you received the end-user’s request. For further information about how to submit these requests to Branch on behalf of your end users, please click
here
.
Submit Request
CCPA & CPRA - Updated Privacy Policy
Branch’s
privacy policy
reflects applicable disclosure requirements under the CCPA, as amended by the CPRA. If you have any questions related to Branch’s CCPA compliance efforts, please contact our Privacy Team at:
privacy@branch.io
.
How to make a request to Branch under the CCPA
If you are a Branch customer who has end users that are California residents and that wish to exercise their CCPA rights, please click below to submit your request on their behalf.
Submit Request
Other Resources
Data collected by Branch
Read our Privacy Policy for full details on the types of data Branch collects, and how we use each one to provide our services.
Privacy Policy
List of third-party vendors
We maintain a list of vendors that process personal data on Branch's behalf, and the purpose for which we share data with each of these vendors.
Third Party Vendors
California Privacy Addendum
California Privacy Addendum
Effective December 12th 2022
to
December 22nd 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Branch and CCPA
On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) took effect. Building on the privacy foundation established through our GDPR compliance efforts, Branch is committed to ensuring that our services comply with CCPA.
We have created this CCPA resource page to help you understand the steps that Branch has taken regarding its own CCPA compliance, and the tools available to our customers to enable the use of Branch’s services in a CCPA-compliant way.
In this guide, we have capitalized terms
defined by CCPA
so you can easily identify them.
The role of Branch under CCPA
How does CCPA apply to the relationship between Branch and its customers?
If you are using Branch services as a customer, there is an agreement between you and Branch that describes the services that Branch provides to you. This agreement may include order forms, exhibits, or addenda, and serves as your instruction to Branch to process personal data as part of Branch’s performance of our services. For the purposes of CCPA, the data that Branch collects on behalf of its customers may include Personal Information.
In this context, if you are subject to CCPA, you are a Business and Branch is your Service Provider. Your sharing of Personal Information related to your end users with Branch, and Branch’s collection of Personal Information related to your end users, are done to facilitate Branch’s performance of its services that you contracted for.
Branch Will Never Sell Personal Information
Branch does not Sell Personal Information of your end users as defined under CCPA, or under any other circumstances. Pursuant to the terms of your agreement with Branch, you pay fees or other valuable consideration only in return for the services that Branch performs on your behalf. Branch does not receive from you, and you do not pay Branch, any monetary or other valuable consideration for making Personal Information available to Branch.
How Branch supports CCPA compliance for our customers
CCPA Addendum
Branch has updated its terms to codify our position as your Service Provider (as defined by CCPA). We’ve made our CCPA addendum available for review, which reflects our CCPA standards. This
California Privacy Addendum
supplements our agreement with you and confirms our commitment to not Sell Personal Information.
California Privacy Addendum
Handling Consumer Rights Requests
As a Business, it is your responsibility under CCPA to respond to requests relating to the Personal Information of your end users. It is at your sole discretion whether to accept or deny any request, and how to respond to the end user.
Verifiable Consumer Requests
When your end users exercise their rights under CCPA to obtain access to or delete certain Personal Information that Branch processes, Branch is committed to working with you to fulfill these requests, provided the request comes directly from you.
Branch will follow your instructions to delete Personal Information following a Verifiable Consumer Request as required under CCPA, unless Branch concludes that it is necessary for Branch to maintain such Personal Information for one or more permitted purposes under the CCPA (e.g., to detect fraudulent or illegal activity, or to prosecute those responsible for these activities), or Branch does not consider the information to be “Personal Information” (e.g., because it has been de-identified).
To submit a CCPA end-user request to our team, reach out to us through our data subject request portal and we will work with you to fulfill your end user’s request. Please include in that request the end-user’s advertising identifier (e.g., IDFA/GAID), and the date you received the end-user’s request. For further information about how to submit CCPA requests to Branch on behalf of your end users, please click
here
.
Submit Request
CCPA-Updated Privacy Policy
Branch’s
privacy policy
reflects applicable disclosure requirements under CCPA. If you have any questions related to Branch’s CCPA compliance efforts, please contact our Privacy Team at:
privacy@branch.io
.
How to make a request to Branch under CCPA
If you are a California resident and wish to exercise your CCPA rights, please click below to submit your request.
Submit Request
Other Resources
Data collected by Branch
Read our Privacy Policy for full details on the types of data Branch collects, and how we use each one to provide our services.
Privacy Policy
List of third-party vendors
We maintain a list of vendors that process personal data on Branch's behalf, and the purpose for which we share data with each of these vendors.
Third Party Vendors
California Privacy Addendum
This Addendum supplements our agreement with you and confirms our commitment to not Sell Personal Information.
CCPA Addendum
Effective December 31st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
CA Privacy Notice & Additional Information for Other U.S. States
Information for California Residents
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy available
here
.
Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose
Top
As described in our Privacy Policy in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
Inferences drawn from any of the above, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
” section of our Privacy Policy. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Disclose Your Information
Top
We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why
Categories of information
disclosed
Our Affiliates
. We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect
may be disclosed to our vendors
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Location
Other Information
Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes.
We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Location
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction.
We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Online Advertisers and Ad Networks.
As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information
Top
We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third- party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data. This may be considered “sharing” or a “sale” under the CCPA.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
3. California Rights and Choices
Top
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, to request access to and correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of “sensitive personal information”
The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell” or “share”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
You may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Right to Opt-out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information. Branch shares personal information as described above, which may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under the CCPA. You may opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" link located at the bottom of our website and selecting your preferences on that page. Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see www.globalprivacycontrol.org.
Financial Incentives
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request to us here
, or by contacting us at
privacy@branch.io
,
or at (650) 209-6461.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency
. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access
. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion
. Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
or at (650) 209-6461. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA should be provided to the Client directly. Branch will support Clients as needed with responding to User requests within a reasonable timeframe.
4. Additional Information for Residents of Certain Other States
Top
Depending on where you reside, in addition to the rights described under “
Your Rights
” in our Privacy Policy, you may have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data that we process in our capacity as a data controller, subject to applicable law:
Right to Opt out of Sale or Processing for Targeted Advertising:
You have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information, or the processing of your personal information for targeted advertising. You may opt out, by clicking the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
" link located at the bottom of our website and selecting your preferences on that page.  Alternatively, you may opt out by sending a legally recognized opt-out preference signal such as Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see www.globalprivacycontrol.org.
Your Privacy Rights relating to Client data:
If personal information pertaining to you as an individual has been submitted to the Service by or on behalf of a Branch Client and you wish to exercise any data protection rights you may have in respect of that information under applicable law, including (as applicable) the right to access, correct, amend or delete such information, please inquire with the relevant Client directly. We may only access a Client’s data at their instruction but will support them as needed in responding to your request.
Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. Depending on applicable law, if we deny your request to exercise your rights in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, you can contact us
privacy@branch.io
with the subject line “Data Privacy Request Appeal” to provide us with information about why you are appealing the decision.
5. Retention of Your Personal Information
Top
Please see the
Our Data Retention Policy
section provided in the Privacy Policy.
Effective December 17th 2024
to
December 31st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our
Privacy Policy
. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose
Top
As described in our Privacy Policy in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website,
General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
Inferences drawn from any of the above, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address.
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial
purposes
:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services.
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners.
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected
?” section of our Privacy Policy. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Disclose Your Information
Top
We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why
Categories of information disclosed
Our Affiliates
. We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of
information we collect
may be disclosed to our
affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Location
Other Information
Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Location
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information
Top
We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third- party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data. This may be considered “sharing” or a “sale” under the CCPA.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
3. California Rights and Choices
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, to request access to and correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of "sensitive personal information"
The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your
personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell” or “share”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
You may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Right to Opt-out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information. Branch shares personal information as described above, which may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under the CCPA. You may opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, by clicking  this link:
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
located at the bottom of
our website
and selecting your preferences on that page. Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see www.globalprivacycontrol.org.
Other rights
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us
here
, or by contacting us at
privacy@branch.io,
or at (650) 209-6461.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency
. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access
. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion
. Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website: If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
or at (650) 209-6461. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users: Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
4. Retention of Your Personal Information
Top
Please see the
Our Data Retention Policy
section provided in Branch’s Privacy Policy.
Effective December 28th 2023
to
December 17th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our
Privacy Policy
. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose
Top
As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses
Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions,
Privacy Policy
, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
” section of our
Privacy Policy
. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Disclose Your Information
Top
We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why
Categories of information disclosed
Our Affiliates
. We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Location
Other Information
Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Location
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA.
2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information
Top
We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data.
To opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, please visit this link:
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
3. California Rights and Choices
Top
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell” or “share”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
You may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io, or at (650) 209-6461.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Other rights
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information as described above.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
or at (650) 209-6461. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
4. Retention of Your Personal Information
Top
Please see the
Our Data Retention Policy
section provided in Branch’s Privacy Policy.
Effective April 7th 2023
to
December 28th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our
Privacy Policy
. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose
Top
As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses
Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions,
Privacy Policy
, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website?
” section of our
Privacy Policy
. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Disclose Your Information
Top
We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why
Categories of information disclosed
Our Affiliates
. We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Location
Other Information
Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Location
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA.
2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information
Top
We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data.
To opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, please visit this link:
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
3. California Rights and Choices
Top
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
You may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io, or at (650) 209-6461.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Other rights
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information as described above.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
or at (650) 209-6461. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
4. Retention of Your Personal Information
Top
Please see the
Our Data Retention Policy
section provided in Branch’s Privacy Policy.
Effective January 4th 2023
to
April 7th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our
Privacy Policy
. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose
Top
As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses
Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions,
Privacy Policy
, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website?
” section of our
Privacy Policy
. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Disclose Your Information
Top
We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why
Categories of information disclosed
Our Affiliates
. We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Location
Other Information
Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Location
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA.
2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information
Top
We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data.
To opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, please visit this link:
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
3. California Rights and Choices
Top
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
You may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io, or at (650) 209-6461.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Other rights
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information as described above.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
or at (650) 209-6461. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
4. Retention of Your Personal Information
Top
Please see the
Our Data Retention Policy
section provided in Branch’s Privacy Policy.
Effective January 4th 2023
to
January 4th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our
Privacy Policy
. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose
Top
As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses
Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions,
Privacy Policy
, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website?
” section of our
Privacy Policy
. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Disclose Your Information
Top
We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why
Categories of information disclosed
Our Affiliates
. We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Location
Other Information
Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Location
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA.
2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information
Top
We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data.
To opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, please visit this link:
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
3. California Rights and Choices
Top
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
You may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io, or at (650) 209-6461.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Other rights
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information as described above.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
or at (650) 209-6461. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
4. Retention of Your Personal Information
Top
Please see the
Our Data Retention Policy
section provided in Branch’s Privacy Policy.
Effective January 4th 2023
to
January 4th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our
Privacy Policy
. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose
Top
As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses
Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions,
Privacy Policy
, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website?
” section of our
Privacy Policy
. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Disclose Your Information
Top
We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why
Categories of information disclosed
Our Affiliates
. We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Location
Other Information
Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Location
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA.
2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information
Top
We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data.
To opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, please visit this link:
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
3. California Rights and Choices
Top
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
You may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io, or at (650) 209-6461.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Other rights
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information as described above.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
or at (650) 209-6461. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
4. Retention of Your Personal Information
Top
Please see the
Our Data Retention Policy
section provided in Branch’s Privacy Policy.
Effective January 1st 2023
to
January 4th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our
Privacy Policy
. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose
Top
As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses
Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions,
Privacy Policy
, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website?
” section of our
Privacy Policy
. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Disclose Your Information
Top
We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why
Categories of information disclosed
Our Affiliates
. We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Location
Other Information
Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Location
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA.
2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information
Top
We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data.
To opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, please visit this link:
Do Not Sell My Information.
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
3. California Rights and Choices
Top
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information
You may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io, or at (650) 209-6461.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Other rights
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information as described above.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
or at (650) 209-6461. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
4. Retention of Your Personal Information
Top
Please see the
Our Data Retention Policy
section provided in Branch’s Privacy Policy.
Effective December 29th 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose
Top
As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses
Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services.
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners.
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website?
” section of our Privacy Policy. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Disclose Your Information
We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why
Categories of information disclosed
Our Affiliates
. We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates
Vendors that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
·  Contact and account registration
·  Demographic and statistical information
·  Communications with event vendors
·  Location
·  Other Information
Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes.
·  Contact and account registration
·  Demographic and statistical information
Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
·  Contact and account registration
·  Demographic and statistical information
·  Location
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary
Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
·  Identifiers
·  Device information and device identifiers
·  Connection and usage data
·
Geolocation
The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA.
2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information
Top
We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data.
To opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, please visit this link:
Do Not Sell My Information
.
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
3. California Rights and Choices
Top
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to
correct inaccurate personal information
You
may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us, or by contacting us at
privacy@branch.io
, or at (650) 209-6461.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Other rights
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information as described above.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
or at (650) 209-6461.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
4. Retention of Your Personal Information
Top
Please see the
Our Data Retention Policy
section provided in Branch’s Privacy Policy.
Effective October 11th 2022
to
December 29th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website.This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants, or personal information we collect from employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of businesses in the course of our provision or receipt of business-related services. This notice supplements the information in our
Privacy Policy
. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
Geolocation, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) third parties such as from social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding Business and third-party products, services, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services.
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners.
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, third party services and platforms, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from third parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions,
Privacy Policy
, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the
“
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website?
” section of our
Privacy Policy
. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Share and Disclose Your Information
Top
We share the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may share with other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties with which we share information and why
Categories of information shared
Our Affiliates
. We may share information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be shared with our affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be shared with our service providers
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will share your information with other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Geolocation
Other Information
Third Party Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may share your information with partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may share information with our affiliates and other third parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Third Party Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may share information with third-party partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Geolocation
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be shared as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be shared as necessary
Third-Party Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Third Party Tools / Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information. Based on the definition of “sell” under the CCPA and under current regulatory guidance, we do not believe we engage in such activity and have not engaged in such activity in the past twelve months. Instead, we limit our sharing of information as set forth in the
“
How does Branch Share Information?
”
section of this Privacy Policy, and to allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity for limited purposes, for example through cookies, as explained in the
“
Third-Party Tools / Analytics on the Website
”
section of our
Privacy Policy
.
California Rights and Choices
Top
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose what categories of your personal information that we collect, use, or sell. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
s
ubmit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a service provider that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Effective June 1st 2022
to
October 11th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“
California Consumer
”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website.This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants, or personal information we collect from employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of businesses in the course of our provision or receipt of business-related services. This notice supplements the information in our
Privacy Policy
. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes:
Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github ID
Device Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device model
Financial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date
Commercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with us
Connection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website
Geolocation, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP address
Other Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) third parties such as from social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services.
As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes:
Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding Business and third-party products, services, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.
Transact with you if you use our products or services.
Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.
Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners.
Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, third party services and platforms, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from third parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.
Improve our offerings.
Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.
Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions,
Privacy Policy
, or to protect our Services, Users, or others).
Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website?
” section of our
Privacy Policy
. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
How We Share and Disclose Your Information
We share the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may share with other parties and the categories of those parties.
Other Parties with which we share information and why
Categories of information shared
Our Affiliates
. We may share information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.
All categories of information we collect may be shared with our affiliates
Service Providers that perform services on our behalf
: including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
All categories of information we collect may be shared with our service providers
Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request
. We will share your information with other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Communications with event vendors
Geolocation
Other Information
Third Party Partners for Marketing Purposes
. We may share your information with partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may share information with our affiliates and other third parties for their marketing and other purposes.
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Third Party Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services
. In some cases, we may share information with third-party partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions).
Contact and account registration
Demographic and statistical information
Geolocation
Other Parties for Legal Purposes
. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
All categories of information we collect may be shared as necessary
Other Parties in a Business Transaction
. We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.
All categories of information we collect may be shared as necessary
Third-Party Online Advertisers and Ad Networks
. As discussed in the “Third Party Tools / Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads.
Identifiers
Device information and device identifiers
Connection and usage data
Geolocation
The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information. Based on the definition of “sell” under the CCPA and under current regulatory guidance, we do not believe we engage in such activity and have not engaged in such activity in the past twelve months. Instead, we limit our sharing of information as set forth in the
“How does Branch Share Information?”
section of this Privacy Policy, and to allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity for limited purposes, for example through cookies, as explained in the
“Third-Party Tools / Analytics on the Website”
section of our
Privacy Policy
.
California Rights and Choices
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Right to request access to your personal information
California residents have the right to request that we disclose what categories of your personal information that we collect, use, or sell. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by
submitting your request
to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io.
For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity
(and your agent, as applicable)
, we will respond to your request as appropriate:
Transparency.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request.
Access.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA.
Deletion.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).
Submitting CCPA Requests
For our Website:
If you are a California Consumer, please
submit a CCPA request here
, or contact us at
privacy@branch.io
. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Requests from Our Client’s Users:
Because Branch is a service provider that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Effective December 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
Top
Services:
Because Branch is a vendor (acting as a data processor) that processes data on behalf of its Clients (acting as data controllers), any requests relating to European and United Kingdom Users’ exercise of their Personal Data rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation, or equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website and Business Contacts:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website and from offline sources and vendors for marketing purposes. The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom require data controllers to tell you about the legal ground that they rely on for using, sharing, or disclosing of your information. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:
Contractual Commitments: We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you. For example, we will process your Personal Data to comply with our agreements with you, and to honor our commitments in any contracts that we have with you.
With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of your consent.
Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for the Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues.
Legal Compliance: We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.
Website Users and others who are residents of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom may (1) seek confirmation regarding whether Branch is processing Personal Data about you, (2) request access to such data, (3) ask that we correct, amend, or delete it where it is inaccurate, (4) ask us to restrict how we process and disclose certain of your Personal Data, (5) transfer your Personal Data to another party, or (6) revoke consent for the processing of your Personal Data (if your consent is the legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data).
You can submit such requests at
https://preferences.branch.io/
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. Although we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom have the right to file a complaint regarding their Personal Data directly with the appropriate data protection authority. For information on who those parties are and how they can be reached please go to
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
for EU residents and
https://ico.org.uk/
for residents of the United Kingdom.
Effective April 7th 2023
to
December 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
Top
Services:
Because Branch is a vendor (acting as a data processor) that processes data on behalf of its Clients (acting as data controllers), any requests relating to European and United Kingdom Users’ exercise of their Personal Data rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation, or equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website and Business Contacts:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website and from offline sources and vendors for marketing purposes. The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom require data controllers to tell you about the legal ground that they rely on for using, sharing, or disclosing of your information. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:
Contractual Commitments: We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you. For example, we will process your Personal Data to comply with our agreements with you, and to honor our commitments in any contracts that we have with you.
With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of your consent.
Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for the Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues.
Legal Compliance: We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.
Website Users and others who are residents of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom may (1) seek confirmation regarding whether Branch is processing Personal Data about you, (2) request access to such data, (3) ask that we correct, amend, or delete it where it is inaccurate, (4) ask us to restrict how we process and disclose certain of your Personal Data, (5) transfer your Personal Data to another party, or (6) revoke consent for the processing of your Personal Data (if your consent is the legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data).
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. Although we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom have the right to file a complaint regarding their Personal Data directly with the appropriate data protection authority. For information on who those parties are and how they can be reached please go to
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
for EU residents and
https://ico.org.uk/
for residents of the United Kingdom.
Effective January 1st 2023
to
April 7th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
Top
Services:
Because Branch is a vendor (acting as a data processor) that processes data on behalf of its Clients (acting as data controllers), any requests relating to European and United Kingdom Users’ exercise of their Personal Data rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation, or equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website and Business Contacts:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website and from offline sources and vendors for marketing purposes. The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom require data controllers to tell you about the legal ground that they rely on for using, sharing, or disclosing of your information. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:
Contractual Commitments: We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you. For example, we will process your Personal Data to comply with our agreements with you, and to honor our commitments in any contracts that we have with you.
With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of your consent.
Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for the Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues.
Legal Compliance: We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.
Website Users and others who are residents of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom may (1) seek confirmation regarding whether Branch is processing Personal Data about you, (2) request access to such data, (3) ask that we correct, amend, or delete it where it is inaccurate, (4) ask us to restrict how we process and disclose certain of your Personal Data, (5) transfer your Personal Data to another party, or (6) revoke consent for the processing of your Personal Data (if your consent is the legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data).
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. Although we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom have the right to file a complaint regarding their Personal Data directly with the appropriate data protection authority. For information on who those parties are and how they can be reached please go to
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
for EU residents and
https://ico.org.uk/
for residents of the United Kingdom.
Effective December 29th 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
Services:
Because Branch is a vendor (acting as a data processor) that processes data on behalf of its Clients (acting as data controllers), any requests relating to European and United Kingdom Users’ exercise of their Personal Data rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation, or equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website and Business Contacts:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website and from offline sources and vendors for marketing purposes. The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom require data controllers to tell you about the legal ground that they rely on for using, sharing, or disclosing of your information. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:
Contractual Commitments: We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you. For example, we will process your Personal Data to comply with our agreements with you, and to honor our commitments in any contracts that we have with you.
With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of your consent.
Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for the Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues.
Legal Compliance: We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.
Website Users and others who are residents of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom may (1) seek confirmation regarding whether Branch is processing Personal Data about you, (2) request access to such data, (3) ask that we correct, amend, or delete it where it is inaccurate, (4) ask us to restrict how we process and disclose certain of your Personal Data, (5) transfer your Personal Data to another party, or (6) revoke consent for the processing of your Personal Data (if your consent is the legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data).
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. Although we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom have the right to file a complaint regarding their Personal Data directly with the appropriate data protection authority. For information on who those parties are and how they can be reached please go to
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
for EU residents and
https://ico.org.uk/
for residents of the United Kingdom.
Effective October 11th 2022
to
December 29th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United K
ingdom
Top
Services:
Because Branch is a service provider (acting as a data processor) that processes data on behalf of its Clients (acting as data controllers), any requests relating to European and United Kingdom Users’ exercise of their Personal Data rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation, or equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website and Business Contacts:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website and from offline sources and service providers for marketing purposes. Website Users and others who are residents of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom may (1) seek confirmation regarding whether Branch is processing Personal Data about you, (2) request access to such data, (3) ask that we correct, amend, or delete it where it is inaccurate, (4) ask us to restrict how we process and disclose certain of your Personal Data, (5) transfer your Personal Data to a third party, or (6) revoke consent for the processing of your Personal Data (if your consent is the legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data).
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. Although we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom have the right to file a complaint regarding their Personal Data directly with the appropriate data protection authority. For information on who those parties are and how they can be reached please go to
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
for EU residents and
https://ico.org.uk/
for residents of the United Kingdom.
Effective June 1st 2022
to
October 11th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United K
ingdom
Services:
Because Branch is a service provider (acting as a data processor) that processes data on behalf of its Clients (acting as data controllers), any requests relating to European and United Kingdom Users’ exercise of their Personal Data rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation, or equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website and Business Contacts:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website and from offline sources and service providers for marketing purposes. Website Users and others who are residents of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom may (1) seek confirmation regarding whether Branch is processing Personal Data about you, (2) request access to such data, (3) ask that we correct, amend, or delete it where it is inaccurate, (4) ask us to restrict how we process and disclose certain of your Personal Data, (5) transfer your Personal Data to a third party, or (6) revoke consent for the processing of your Personal Data (if your consent is the legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data).
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. Although we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom have the right to file a complaint regarding their Personal Data directly with the appropriate data protection authority. For information on who those parties are and how they can be reached please go to
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
for EU residents and
https://ico.org.uk/
for residents of the United Kingdom.
Effective December 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”)
Top
This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (
“LGPD”
). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Ayisha Gelin, at privacy@branch.io.
Services:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities to which we disclose data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent.
You can submit such requests at
https://preferences.branch.io/
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Effective July 8th 2024
to
December 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”)
Top
This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (
“LGPD”
). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Ayisha Gelin, at privacy@branch.io.
Services:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities to which we disclose data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent.
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Effective April 7th 2023
to
July 8th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”)
Top
This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (
“LGPD”
). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Cathleen Hartge, at privacy@branch.io.
Services:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities to which we disclose data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent.
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Effective January 1st 2023
to
April 7th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”)
Top
This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (
“LGPD”
). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Cathleen Hartge, at privacy@branch.io.
Services:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities to which we disclose data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent.
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Effective December 29th 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”)
This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (
“LGPD”
). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Cathleen Hartge, at privacy@branch.io.
Services:
Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities to which we disclose data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent.
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Effective October 11th 2022
to
December 29th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”)
Top
This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (
“LGPD”
). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Cathleen Hartge, at privacy@branch.io.
Services:
Because Branch is a service provider that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities with which we share data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent.
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Effective June 1st 2022
to
October 11th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
(“LGPD”)
This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (
“LGPD”
). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Cathleen Hartge, at privacy@branch.io.
Services:
Because Branch is a service provider that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests
here
.
Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights.
Clients can flag in the Branch SDK
that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Website:
Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities with which we share data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent.
You can submit such requests at
https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new
, which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data.
Effective December 12th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Branch Information Security and Privacy Standards
Branch Metrics, Inc. is committed to adopt and adhere to the following technical and organizational security measures for software development, business operations and data privacy to provide a secure and safe platform service to our customers:
Governance
Branch shall implement and maintain an Information Security Management System (ISMS) that meets or exceeds industry standards and that includes, without limitation, appropriate policies, governance structures, staffing, monitoring and assessment procedures.
Security policies shall be approved by the Chief Operating Officer (COO) or the Information Security Management Committee (ISMC).  Any exception must be authorized by the Head of Security or ISMC.
Branch shall update security policies at least annually.
Workplace Security
Branch shall install a visitor check-in system.  All visitors must sign in at the front desk, and the visitor management application will notify the hosting employee to pick up the visitors.  The visitor management application will issue a visitor badge.  While visiting office premises, visitors must be accompanied by the hosting employee and wear their visitor badge in a publicly visible fashion at all times.
Branch shall implement and maintain a secure mobile device management system to secure assets and information access for work. Company-issued devices and laptops are secured using a tested image and are protected using anti-virus and malware scanning software. To protect business data from data theft or exploit, external USB storage devices for laptops are prohibited (mitigated by mobile device management tool). Under Branch’s BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) policy, personal mobile devices are required to access a separate guest wifi network if used in the office.
Physical Security
Branch shall implement and maintain a program to ensure personnel physical access is revoked immediately upon termination or when access is no longer required.
Employees must use an issued security access card to access office premises. Branch shall use physical locks inside the office building to secure network equipment and company assets.  Access to server rooms should be restricted to authorized IT administrative staff. Security surveillance recordings are for review in case of any incident.
Organizational Controls
Branch shall implement and maintain policies and procedures, which shall be documented and approved by its senior management, to support the hiring, termination, code of conduct, ethics and background screening of all employees and contractors.
Branch shall perform a background check using a reliable third-party service for each employee.
Branch shall implement and maintain a security awareness program for employees, which provides basic IT security standards (during employee on-boarding), annual privacy and security awareness training, and individual personnel acknowledgment of intent to comply with corporate security policies.
Network Security Measures
Authentication and Password Policy Control
Branch shall implement and maintain strong password management policies for all end user and system accounts related to the processing environment. Such procedures must follow recognized industry best practices in their configuration and management, including length and structure (commonly referred to as strong passwords).
Branch shall implement a strong and complex password policy enforced for employees and developers. This should require at least 8 characters in length, including at least 1 uppercase character, 1 lowercase character, 1 number, and 1 special character.  For employees, an industry-strength Mobile Device Management tool is used to enforce password policy in company-issued laptops.  MFA (Multi-factor Authentication) is required to access Branch Metrics dashboard and applications.
Branch shall implement an account lockout policy when users exceed the threshold of invalid login attempts.
System and Data Access
Branch shall implement and maintain a secure system access mechanism and a remote access mechanism.  Only authorized production support members and customer data administrators can access Branch’s production systems backend and customer data on an as-needed basis via secured channels using virtual private network (VPN), jump boxes, secure shell (SSH) and multi-factor authentication (MFA).
Branch’s Web services require the use of service accounts and secure API tokens.
Logical Data Access
Branch shall implement and maintain a logical system access provisioning process that meets or exceeds industry standards for all systems that access, process or store customer data and confidential information.
Branch shall implement role-based security access.
Branch shall implement and maintain a periodic logical access control review.
Operations Security Measures
Secure Software Development Lifecycle Process
Branch shall implement a secure software development lifecycle process using agile development methodology, and periodically review security issues identified from static code analysis (SAST), Web application vulnerability scanning (DAST), penetration testing, and container security vulnerability scanning automated in the build pipeline.
Branch shall engage third party professional security firms to perform network and application penetration testing in production environments annually. In addition,  Branch will use security researchers from crowdsourcing communities to identify exploits and security vulnerabilities.
Risk Management
Branch shall implement and maintain a vendor and technology risk assessment strategy and risk mitigation methodology.  The due diligence process will ensure systems security and data privacy details are reviewed, and security risks are mitigated before adoption.
Backup and Restore
Branch shall implement and maintain data backup and restore processes to secure business data. Daily backups (snapshots) of data are made and stored in redundant locations.  Only authorized personnel may access or restore any data from the backup datasets.
Security Monitoring and Logging
Branch shall implement comprehensive system monitoring for Branch’s cloud applications and microservices.
Branch shall implement vulnerability and network intrusion detection controls.  These controls will generate proactive alerts to notify the platform infrastructure team about any system events and suspicious activities that may be potential security incidents.  Detailed logging and audit reports are available upon request for security incident diagnosis and forensics.
Branch shall implement and maintain security information and event management (SIEM) system.  All system logs are redirected to a central infrastructure for event tracking, diagnosis and audit trail.  In addition, with the use of SIEM, security team members can continuously monitor for any possible suspicious application behavior and unusual system events and respond timely to active and emerging security threats.
Security Incident Response Process
Branch shall implement and maintain a security incident response program. The security incident response program shall define steps to be coordinated with the cross-functional incident response team in order to mitigate security incidents in a timely manner.   All verified security incidents will be reported to the security incident response team in a timely manner. Depending on the levels of response, and pursuant to the applicable customer agreement, customers will be notified timely about the status and the remediation.
Branch shall test the security incident response process annually.
Business Continuity
Branch shall implement and maintain a business continuity program that meets or exceeds industry standards and that provides a formal framework and methodology, including without limitation, a business impact analysis and risk assessment process to identify and prioritize critical business functions (“Business Continuity Program”).
Branch shall conduct a business continuity test every twelve (12) months, including a review of the Business Continuity Program, roles and responsibilities, business documentation requirements, recovery strategies, Mean Time to Recovery (MTTR), Recovery Time Objectives (RTOs), Recovery Point Objectives (RPOs), testing strategy and frequency.
Branch shall implement and maintain a disaster recovery program that meets or exceeds industry standards and that provides a formal framework and methodology, including without limitation, a business impact analysis and risk assessment process to identify and prioritize critical business functions.
Change Management
Branch shall implement and manage a change management system for planned and emergency software changes. There will be a workflow approval process in place to ensure change requests are prioritized and assigned.
Branch shall implement a security patch management program. Software and security updates are pushed out periodically and on-demand.  Critical security updates will be applied in a timely manner to mitigate any immediate security risks.
Branch shall implement and manage a configuration management system. Configuration of systems and services is performed automatically by programs vetted for security deficits.
Data Security and Privacy Measures
Data Encryption and Integrity
Branch shall provide industry standard encryption of customer data and confidential information in transit over public or leased circuits.
Branch shall provide industry standard encryption of customer data and confidential information at rest on local laptops, mobile devices, shared drives, as well as on backend data stores.
Branch shall implement and maintain logical data segregation that meets or exceeds industry standards to ensure customer data and confidential information is not viewable by unauthorized users.
Branch shall implement input and output validation for data protection in the dashboard application.  Business data is validated and checked for integrity in the backend microservices and in the API Web services.  A data loss prevention tool shall be deployed in Branch’s backend storage infrastructure to ensure data integrity.
Data Management and Protection
Branch has implemented different data protection controls to ensure data privacy of customer data in accordance with applicable law.  This includes protecting data at rest (data encryption), data in transit (secure data transport) and role-based system access control. Data access is restricted to authorized personnel, and production backend systems can be only accessible using MFA, VPN and company-issued laptops.
Branch shall have the necessary processes and procedures in place to execute Data Subject Requests regarding personal data in accordance with applicable law in order to meet applicable legal requirements.
Branch shall follow industry security best practices (e.g. Amazon, NIST) to destroy storage media, including cloud storage and also laptop hard drive before disposal.
Data Privacy
Branch maintains a documented data privacy statement that describes what data Branch collects, how it is used and how it is shared available at
https://branch.io/privacy
.
Effective February 19th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Branch Metrics Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Purpose of this Statement
This statement is made by Branch Metrics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively,
“Branch,” “us,” “we” or “our”
) pursuant to section 54(1) of the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015.
Introduction
Branch is committed to providing a fair and ethical workplace and operating its business in a socially responsible way that supports the protection of human rights globally. We respect the standards embodied in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization conventions. Specifically, Branch is strongly opposed to slavery and human trafficking and will not knowingly support or conduct business with any organization involved in such activities.
Our Business Activities and Organization
Branch provides the leading mobile linking platform, with solutions that unify user experience and measurement across different devices, platforms, and channels. Top brands use Branch to grow their business, improve their customer experience, and measure and optimize campaign performance. We are a Delaware corporation headquartered in Mountain View, California with subsidiaries and operations around the world, including the United Kingdom. More information about us can be found at
branch.io
.
Our key suppliers are primarily based in the United States and are typically in the fields of technology, data, office and facilities, and professional advisory services. We only use reputable providers of goods and services. Based on the geography of our business and suppliers, the industry in which we operate, and the structure of our business, there is a low risk of slavery and human trafficking taking place within our supply chain. However, we remain vigilant against the risk of human trafficking and any form of slavery and take steps to assess and manage that risk.
Relevant Policies and Processes
Our Global Code of Conduct applies to all employees, officers, directors, independent contractors, contingent workers and other service providers and helps to ensure that we are conducting business in an ethical and transparent manner. All Personnel are expected to read and comply with our Global Code of Conduct. Our Global Code of Conduct requires, among other things, that our personnel not engage in any unlawful activity in conducting our business or in performing their day-to-day duties. Branch also employs a third-party whistleblowing platform that allows for anonymous reporting of good-faith concerns in order for Branch to address inappropriate conduct. In addition, Branch is committed to acting in accordance with applicable law and requests its suppliers and partners to maintain at least the same standards by complying with Branch’s Supplier Code Of Conduct (“
Supplier Code
”). The Supplier Code encompasses compliance with all applicable laws, which includes the UK Modern Slavery Act.
Branch also has a robust employee recruitment process, effectively attracting, training, and integrating a large number of new employees, including conducting, where permitted and in compliance with applicable law, background and eligibility to work in the country of employment checks for all employees to safeguard against human trafficking or individuals being forced to work against their will.
Continuing Action To Address Modern Slavery
Branch is committed to continuing to improve its operational and management systems and controls to combat slavery and human trafficking by, among other actions, conducting additional risk-based due diligence prior to supplier onboarding and continually assessing and improving the effectiveness of our ethics and compliance programs.
This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Branch's slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending December 31, 2025. This statement was approved by the Board of Directors of Branch Metrics, Inc. on February 6, 2024 and last reviewed for accuracy on February 11, 2025.
David Karnstedt
Chief Executive Officer
Branch Metrics, Inc.
Effective February 15th 2023
to
February 19th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Branch Metrics Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Purpose of this Statement
This statement is made by Branch Metrics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively,
“Branch,” “us,” “we” or “our”
) pursuant to section 54(1) of the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015.
Introduction
Branch is committed to providing a fair and ethical workplace and operating its business in a socially responsible way that supports the protection of human rights globally. We respect the standards embodied in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization conventions. Specifically, Branch is strongly opposed to slavery and human trafficking and will not knowingly support or conduct business with any organization involved in such activities.
Our Business Activities and Organization
Branch provides the leading mobile linking platform, with solutions that unify user experience and measurement across different devices, platforms, and channels. Top brands use Branch to grow their business, improve their customer experience, and measure and optimize campaign performance. We are a Delaware corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, California with subsidiaries and operations around the world, including the United Kingdom. More information about us can be found at
branch.io
.
Our key suppliers are primarily based in the United States and are typically in the fields of technology, data, office and facilities, and professional advisory services. We only use reputable providers of goods and services. Based on the geography of our business and suppliers, the industry in which we operate, and the structure of our business, there is a low risk of slavery and human trafficking taking place within our supply chain. However, we remain vigilant against the risk of human trafficking and any form of slavery and take steps to assess and manage that risk.
Relevant Policies and Processes
Our Global Code of Conduct applies to all employees, officers, directors, independent contractors, contingent workers and other service providers and helps to ensure that we are conducting business in an ethical and transparent manner. All Personnel are expected to read and comply with our Global Code of Conduct. Our Global Code of Conduct requires, among other things, that our personnel not engage in any unlawful activity in conducting our business or in performing their day-to-day duties. In addition, Branch is committed to acting in accordance with applicable law and requests its suppliers and partners to maintain at least the same standards by complying with Branch’s Supplier Code Of Conduct (“
Supplier Code
”). The Supplier Code encompasses compliance with all applicable laws, which includes the UK Modern Slavery Act.
Branch also has a robust employee recruitment process, effectively attracting, training, and integrating a large number of new employees, including conducting, where permitted and in compliance with applicable law, background and eligibility to work in the country of employment checks for all employees to safeguard against human trafficking or individuals being forced to work against their will.
Continuing Action To Address Modern Slavery
Branch is committed to continuing to improve its operational and management systems and controls to combat slavery and human trafficking by, among other actions, conducting additional risk-based due diligence prior to supplier onboarding and continually assessing and improving the effectiveness of our ethics and compliance programs.
This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Branch's slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending December 31, 2022. This statement was approved by the Board of Directors of Branch Metrics, Inc. on January 25, 2023.
Alex Austin
Chief Executive Officer
Branch Metrics, Inc.
Effective January 1st 2023
to
February 15th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Branch Metrics Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Purpose of this Statement
This statement is made by Branch Metrics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively,
“Branch,” “us,” “we” or “our”
) pursuant to section 54(1) of the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015.
Introduction
Branch is committed to providing a fair and ethical workplace and operating its business in a socially responsible way that supports the protection of human rights globally. We respect the standards embodied in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization conventions. Specifically, Branch is strongly opposed to slavery and human trafficking and will not knowingly support or conduct business with any organization involved in such activities.
Our Business Activities and Organization
Branch provides the leading mobile linking platform, with solutions that unify user experience and measurement across different devices, platforms, and channels. Top brands use Branch to grow their business, improve their customer experience, and measure and optimize campaign performance. We are a Delaware corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, California with subsidiaries and operations around the world, including the United Kingdom. More information about us can be found at
branch.io
.
Our key suppliers are primarily based in the United States and are typically in the fields of technology, data, office and facilities, and professional advisory services. We only use reputable providers of goods and services. Based on the geography of our business and suppliers, the industry in which we operate, and the structure of our business, there is a low risk of slavery and human trafficking taking place within our supply chain. However, we remain vigilant against the risk of human trafficking and any form of slavery and take steps to assess and manage that risk.
Relevant Policies and Processes
Our Global Code of Conduct applies to all employees, officers, directors, independent contractors, contingent workers and other service providers and helps to ensure that we are conducting business in an ethical and transparent manner. All Personnel are expected to read and comply with our Global Code of Conduct. Our Global Code of Conduct requires, among other things, that our personnel not engage in any unlawful activity in conducting our business or in performing their day-to-day duties.
Branch also has a robust employee recruitment process, effectively attracting, training, and integrating a large number of new employees, including conducting, where permitted and in compliance with applicable law, background and eligibility to work in the country of employment checks for all employees to safeguard against human trafficking or individuals being forced to work against their will.
Continuing Action To Address Modern Slavery
Branch is committed to continuing to improve its operational and management systems and controls to combat slavery and human trafficking by, among other actions, conducting additional risk-based due diligence prior to supplier onboarding and continually assessing and improving the effectiveness of our ethics and compliance programs.
This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Branch's slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending December 31, 2021. This statement was approved by the Board of Directors of Branch Metrics, Inc. on August 9, 2022.
Mike Molinet
Chief Operating Officer
Branch Metrics, Inc.
Date: June 6, 2022
Effective October 28th 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Branch Metrics Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Purpose of this Statement
This statement is made by Branch Metrics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively,
“Branch,” “us,” “we” or “our”
) pursuant to section 54(1) of the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015.
Introduction
Branch is committed to providing a fair and ethical workplace and operating its business in a socially responsible way that supports the protection of human rights globally. We respect the standards embodied in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization conventions. Specifically, Branch is strongly opposed to slavery and human trafficking and will not knowingly support or conduct business with any organization involved in such activities.
Our Business Activities and Organization
Branch provides the leading mobile linking platform, with solutions that unify user experience and measurement across different devices, platforms, and channels. Top brands use Branch to grow their business, improve their customer experience, and measure and optimize campaign performance. We are a Delaware corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, California with subsidiaries and operations around the world, including the United Kingdom. More information about us can be found at
branch.io
.
Our key suppliers are primarily based in the United States and are typically in the fields of technology, data, office and facilities, and professional advisory services. We only use reputable providers of goods and services. Based on the geography of our business and suppliers, the industry in which we operate, and the structure of our business, there is a low risk of slavery and human trafficking taking place within our supply chain. However, we remain vigilant against the risk of human trafficking and any form of slavery and take steps to assess and manage that risk.
Relevant Policies and Processes
Our Global Code of Conduct applies to all employees, officers, directors, independent contractors, contingent workers and other service providers and helps to ensure that we are conducting business in an ethical and transparent manner. All Personnel are expected to read and comply with our Global Code of Conduct. Our Global Code of Conduct requires, among other things, that our personnel not engage in any unlawful activity in conducting our business or in performing their day-to-day duties.
Branch also has a robust employee recruitment process, effectively attracting, training, and integrating a large number of new employees, including conducting, where permitted and in compliance with applicable law, background and eligibility to work in the country of employment checks for all employees to safeguard against human trafficking or individuals being forced to work against their will.
Continuing Action To Address Modern Slavery
Branch is committed to continuing to improve its operational and management systems and controls to combat slavery and human trafficking by, among other actions, conducting additional risk-based due diligence prior to supplier onboarding and continually assessing and improving the effectiveness of our ethics and compliance programs.
This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Branch's slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending December 31, 2021. This statement was approved by the Board of Directors of Branch Metrics, Inc. on August 9, 2022.
Mike Molinet
Chief Operating Officer
Branch Metrics, Inc.
Date: June 6, 2022
Effective January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
BRANCH METRICS, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS
BRANCH NATIVE COMPUTE SDK LIBRARY (hereinafter referred to as the “software”)
These terms are an agreement between you and Branch Metrics, Inc. ("Branch"). They apply to the software named above. The software includes, but is not limited to SDK, content, visual interfaces, interactive features, information, graphics, design, compilation, computer code, products, services, and all other elements of the SDK and related documentation. The terms also apply to any Branch services or updates for the software, except to the extent those have different terms.
IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING LIMITED, NON-EXCLUSIVE, NON-TRANSFERABLE, NON-SUBLICENSABLE, REVOCABLE RIGHTS BELOW. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.
INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.
You may install and use any number of copies of the software to develop and test your applications.
THIRD PARTY COMPONENTS.
The software may include third party components with separate legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be described in the third party notices file(s) accompanying the software.
ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.
DISTRIBUTABLE CODE.
The software is comprised of Distributable Code. “Distributable Code” is code that you are permitted to distribute in applications you develop if you comply with the terms below.
Right to Use and Distribute.
You may copy and distribute the object code form of the software.
Third Party Distribution.
You may permit distributors of your applications to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of those applications
Distribution Requirements.
For any Distributable Code you distribute, you must (i) use the Distributable Code in your applications and not as a standalone distribution; (ii) require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it at least as much as this agreement; and (iii) indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Branch from any claims, including attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of your applications, except to the extent that any claim is based solely on the unmodified Distributable Code.
Distribution Restrictions.
You may not: (i) use Branch’s trademarks in your applications’ names or in a way that suggests your applications come from or are endorsed by Branch; or (ii) modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An “Excluded License” is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution of code, that (a) it be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or (b) others have the right to modify it.
DATA
Data Collection.
The software may collect information about you and your use of the software, and send that to Branch. Branch may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. There are also features in the software that may enable you and Branch to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with Branch’s Privacy Policy. Branch’s Privacy Policy is located at
https://branch.io/policies/privacy-policy/
. You can learn more about data collection and its use from the software documentation and Branch's Privacy Policy. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices
b. Processing of Personal Data.
To the extent Branch is a processor or subprocessor of personal data in connection with the software, Branch makes the commitments with respect to data subjects as set forth in the “Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom” section of Branch’s Privacy Policy to all customers effective May 25, 2018, at
https://branch.io/policies/data-subject-rights/#data-subject-rights-european-general-data-protection-regulation
(or its successor URL).
SCOPE OF LICENSE.
The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. Branch reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not (i) work around any technical limitations in the software; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the software, except and to the extent required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain open source components that may be included in the software; (iii) remove, minimize, block or modify any notices of Branch or its suppliers in the software; (iv) use the software in any way that is against the law; or (v) share, publish, rent or lease the software, provide the software as a stand-alone offering for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.
FEEDBACK.
If you provide Branch with any verbal or written comments, bug reports, feedback, enhancements, optimizations, or modifications proposed or suggested by you for the software ("Feedback"), such Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis (notwithstanding any notice to the contrary you may include in any accompanying communication), and Branch shall have the right to use such Feedback at its discretion, including, but not limited to the incorporation of such suggested changes into the software. You hereby grant Branch a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid, transferable, sublicensable, non-exclusive right and license under all rights necessary to so incorporate, use, and exploit your Feedback in any manner, without restriction, for any purpose, including to make and sell Branch products and services.
RESERVATION OF RIGHTS.
The software is owned by Branch and is licensed, not sold, to you. The software is protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. As between you and Branch, all aspects of the software, including intellectual property rights therein and thereto, are the sole and exclusive property of Branch or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or its third-party licensors. You may not sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or make any use of the software except as expressly authorized hereunder. Branch reserves all rights not expressly granted in this agreement. You do not acquire any right, title or interest to the software, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, except for the limited rights set forth in this agreement.
SOFTWARE EXPECTATIONS.
The software: (i) is not an official product and has not been commercially released; (ii) may not be in final form or be fully functional; (iii) may contain errors, design flaws or other problems; (iv) may generate or produce inaccurate information or unexpected or incorrect results; (v) may cause loss of data or communications, project delays or other unpredictable damage or loss; (vi) may never be released as a commercial version; and (vii) may be discontinued by Branch in whole or in part, at any time and without any obligation or liability to you or your users. Use of the software may be conditional on your acceptance of additional terms and conditions accompanying the software. In the event of any conflict between this agreement and additional terms and conditions accompanying the software, the latter will govern and control unless expressly stated otherwise.
EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.
You must comply with all domestic and international trade export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. You represent that you are not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at:
https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List
. You shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use the software who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country, or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation.
SUPPORT SERVICES.
Because this software is “as is,” Branch may not provide support services for it.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.
APPLICABLE LAW.
If you acquired the software in the United States, California law applies to interpretation of and claims for breach of this agreement, and the laws of the state where you live apply to all other claims. If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply.
CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS.
This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state or country. Separate and apart from your relationship with Branch, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software. This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so. For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:
Australia.
You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.
Canada.
If you acquired this software in Canada, the product documentation, if any, may specify how to update the software integrated into your digital properties.
Germany and Austria.
Warranty.
The software will perform substantially as described in any Branch materials that accompany it. However, Branch gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the software.
Limitation of Liability.
In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as in case of death or personal or physical injury, Branch is liable according to the statutory law. Subject to the foregoing clause (ii), Branch will only be liable for slight negligence if Branch is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations"). In other cases of slight negligence, Branch will not be liable for slight negligence.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.
THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS-IS.” YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. BRANCH GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, BRANCH EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $100.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.
This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law. It also applies even if Branch knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.
Effective December 6th 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
BRANCH METRICS, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS
BRANCH NATIVE COMPUTE SDK LIBRARY (hereinafter referred to as the “software”)
These terms are an agreement between you and Branch Metrics, Inc. ("Branch"). They apply to the software named above. The software includes, but is not limited to SDK, content, visual interfaces, interactive features, information, graphics, design, compilation, computer code, products, services, and all other elements of the SDK and related documentation. The terms also apply to any Branch services or updates for the software, except to the extent those have different terms.
IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING LIMITED, NON-EXCLUSIVE, NON-TRANSFERABLE, NON-SUBLICENSABLE, REVOCABLE RIGHTS BELOW. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.
1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.
You may install and use any number of copies of the software to develop and test your applications.
2. THIRD PARTY COMPONENTS.
The software may include third party components with separate legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be described in the third party notices file(s) accompanying the software.
3. ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.
a. DISTRIBUTABLE CODE.
The software is comprised of Distributable Code. “Distributable Code” is code that you are permitted to distribute in applications you develop if you comply with the terms below.
Right to Use and Distribute.
You may copy and distribute the object code form of the software.
Third Party Distribution.
You may permit distributors of your applications to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of those applications
Distribution Requirements.
For any Distributable Code you distribute, you must (i) use the Distributable Code in your applications and not as a standalone distribution; (ii) require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it at least as much as this agreement; and (iii) indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Branch from any claims, including attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of your applications, except to the extent that any claim is based solely on the unmodified Distributable Code.
Distribution Restrictions.
You may not: (i) use Branch’s trademarks in your applications’ names or in a way that suggests your applications come from or are endorsed by Branch; or (ii) modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An “Excluded License” is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution of code, that (a) it be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or (b) others have the right to modify it.
4. DATA
a. Data Collection.
The software may collect information about you and your use of the software, and send that to Branch. Branch may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. There are also features in the software that may enable you and Branch to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with Branch’s Privacy Policy. Branch’s Privacy Policy is located at
https://branch.io/policies/privacy-policy/
. You can learn more about data collection and its use from the software documentation and Branch's Privacy Policy. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
b. Processing of Personal Data.
To the extent Branch is a processor or subprocessor of personal data in connection with the software, Branch makes the commitments with respect to data subjects as set forth in the “Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom” section of Branch’s Privacy Policy to all customers effective May 25, 2018, at
https://branch.io/policies/data-subject-rights/#data-subject-rights-european-general-data-protection-regulation
(or its successor URL).
5. SCOPE OF LICENSE.
The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. Branch reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not (i) work around any technical limitations in the software; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the software, except and to the extent required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain open source components that may be included in the software; (iii) remove, minimize, block or modify any notices of Branch or its suppliers in the software; (iv) use the software in any way that is against the law; or (v) share, publish, rent or lease the software, provide the software as a stand-alone offering for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.
6. FEEDBACK.
If you provide Branch with any verbal or written comments, bug reports, feedback, enhancements, optimizations, or modifications proposed or suggested by you for the software ("Feedback"), such Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis (notwithstanding any notice to the contrary you may include in any accompanying communication), and Branch shall have the right to use such Feedback at its discretion, including, but not limited to the incorporation of such suggested changes into the software. You hereby grant Branch a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid, transferable, sublicensable, non-exclusive right and license under all rights necessary to so incorporate, use, and exploit your Feedback in any manner, without restriction, for any purpose, including to make and sell Branch products and services.
7. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS.
The software is owned by Branch and is licensed, not sold, to you. The software is protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. As between you and Branch, all aspects of the software, including intellectual property rights therein and thereto, are the sole and exclusive property of Branch or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or its third-party licensors. You may not sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or make any use of the software except as expressly authorized hereunder. Branch reserves all rights not expressly granted in this agreement. You do not acquire any right, title or interest to the software, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, except for the limited rights set forth in this agreement.
8. SOFTWARE EXPECTATIONS.
The software: (i) is not an official product and has not been commercially released; (ii) may not be in final form or be fully functional; (iii) may contain errors, design flaws or other problems; (iv) may generate or produce inaccurate information or unexpected or incorrect results; (v) may cause loss of data or communications, project delays or other unpredictable damage or loss; (vi) may never be released as a commercial version; and (vii) may be discontinued by Branch in whole or in part, at any time and without any obligation or liability to you or your users. Use of the software may be conditional on your acceptance of additional terms and conditions accompanying the software. In the event of any conflict between this agreement and additional terms and conditions accompanying the software, the latter will govern and control unless expressly stated otherwise.
9. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.
You must comply with all domestic and international trade export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. You represent that you are not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at:
https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List
. You shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use the software who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country, or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation.
10. SUPPORT SERVICES.
Because this software is “as is,” Branch may not provide support services for it.
11. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.
12. APPLICABLE LAW.
If you acquired the software in the United States, California law applies to interpretation of and claims for breach of this agreement, and the laws of the state where you live apply to all other claims. If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply.
13. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS.
This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state or country. Separate and apart from your relationship with Branch, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software. This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so. For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:
a. Australia.
You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.
b. Canada.
If you acquired this software in Canada, the product documentation, if any, may specify how to update the software integrated into your digital properties.
c. Germany and Austria.
Warranty.
The software will perform substantially as described in any Branch materials that accompany it. However, Branch gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the software.
Limitation of Liability.
In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as in case of death or personal or physical injury, Branch is liable according to the statutory law. Subject to the foregoing clause (ii), Branch will only be liable for slight negligence if Branch is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations"). In other cases of slight negligence, Branch will not be liable for slight negligence.
14. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.
THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS-IS.” YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. BRANCH GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, BRANCH EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
15. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $100.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.
This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law. It also applies even if Branch knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.
Effective March 27th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Addendum to Order Form
Onboarding Services Statement of Work
This Onboarding Services Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes Onboarding Services (“Onboarding Services” or “Professional Services”) to be performed by Branch for Customer (each a “party”, collectively the “Parties”) to the extent Customer has purchased Onboarding Services, as set forth in Customer’s Order Form. By executing an Order Form that references this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(the “PS Terms”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this SOW and an Order Form referencing this SOW or this SOW and the PS Terms, the terms of this SOW shall control.
SCOPE OF SERVICES
.
Branch will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer’s staff as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) agree to  collectively commit adequate resources to complete the Project.
Service
Onboarding Service Description
Discovery
●
Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying integration requirements for key use cases to work within client tech stack
●
Provide assistance with defining Branch integration strategy to leverage deep linking and channel best practices
●
Assist Customer in identifying new opportunities to drive additional value from Branch within existing and new channels
●
Provide guidance with the creation and execution of Customer’s business case in implementing Branch’s Services
Engagement Management
●
Provide guidance and assistance identifying key integration tasks, owners, and dependencies to support sprint planning
●
Assist Customer in tracking and communicating task completion and next steps with project stakeholders
●
Actively monitor for and escalate integration risks and issues
Engagement Support
●
Assist customer with building links for testing, and social/email/ads/site campaigns
●
Support the creation of Journeys and Deepview templates
●
Provide guidance and support to Customer in creating custom link builders, test pages, webhooks, and API scripts to streamline integration usage
●
Support analytics tagging strategy, retrieval of Branch data, and creation of performance reporting and collateral
Software Configuration
●
Support configuration of default redirect, social, and domain settings
●
Assign and coordinate user access permissions
●
Support setup of premium feature (Journeys, Email, Ads, Analytics) dashboard configurations
Enablement
●
Conduct training sessions for project stakeholders on content which may include Branch functionality, Premium features, Specific Use Cases, and Dashboard Usage
PROJECT ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES
.
This is a list of anticipated Project roles. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is required.
ONBOARDING
SERVICE ASSUMPTIONS
.
The assumptions for Branch’s required time, level of effort, resource allocation, and fee estimation are derived from information provided by the Customer. Any deviations from these assumptions that affect project scope, timeline, or fees will be addressed through a formal Change Order.
Role
Responsibility
Frequency
Estimated Hours
Sponsor
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful Project Completion, and promote process change where necessary
Monthly
5 Hours per Month
Project Manager
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules, and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners
Participating in Project meetings
Weekly
10 Hours per Week
Administrator
Responsible for ongoing administration of Branch’s Services, once Professional Services are delivered
Manages user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training, and adoption
Manages organization’s ongoing use of Branch’s Services
Weekly
5-8 Hours per Week
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration, and identification of exceptions/risks
Attends Project meetings related to area of ownership
Assists in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices
Participates in user acceptance testing activities
Weekly
5-10 Hours per Week
Extended Team
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project
Weekly
2-5 Hours per Week
GENERAL TERMS
Professional Services Assumptions
.
The Professional Services will be rendered only for the Branch App ID(s) specified in this SOW. In addition to the PS Terms Customer agrees to: (i) allocate appropriate resources necessary to support the completion of the Project, (ii) delegate a single Project Owner prior to commencement of the Project; (iii) test Branch integration and products for quality assurance purposes to ensure that the Branch integration and products are working as intended; (iv) manage third party vendors or agencies and ensure cooperation with Branch; and (v)  grant all necessary access rights and permissions to Branch’s Project team members
to enable them to perform integration development and testing.
Term Length
.
The term of Branch’s obligation to provide Onboarding Services is as specified in the Customer’s Order Form, commencing from the SOW Effective Date (“Term”). Any extension beyond this term requires mutual agreement via a Change Order, ensuring continuity with the PS Terms regarding term and termination.
Delay
.
Should the Customer defer going live with any deployment aspect and later require additional onboarding services, a new SOW or Change Order.
Change Orders Process
.
A Customer may request modifications to this SOW by submitting a written request via email to its respective point of contact. Upon receipt, Branch will prepare an updated quote for review which may include modification or clarification on the scope of work requested. Branch reserves the right to extend the Term or offer additional work at a different pricing structure than specified in this SOW or the Order Form. Acceptance of this offer will only occur after Customer affirmatively responds to the update quote with explicit authorization to proceed with the Change Order at the price quoted by Branch.
Overages
:
Customer will be responsible for overages that exceed initial staffing commitments or for additional services necessitated by delays attributable to Customer actions.
Cancellation / Postponement
:
Both parties commit to reasonable efforts to adhere to Branch PS, and Customer will use reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled Project meetings. Branch reserves the right to charge customers for repeated cancellation of Project meetings.
Fees
.
Customer will pay Branch all fees for Onboarding Services in accordance with this SOW and at the rates specified in the applicable Order Form.
Effective June 7th 2023
to
March 27th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Addendum to Order Form
Onboarding Services Statement of Work
This Onboarding Services Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes Onboarding Services (“Onboarding Services” or “Professional Services”) to be performed by Branch for Customer (each a “party”, collectively the “Parties”) to the extent Customer has purchased Onboarding Services, as set forth in Customer’s Order Form. By executing an Order Form that references this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(the “PS Terms”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this SOW and an Order Form referencing this SOW, the SOW shall control.
SCOPE OF SERVICES.
Branch PS will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer’s staff as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch PS and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will commit reasonable resources to work on the Project.
Service
Onboarding Service Description
Discovery
Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying integration requirements for key use cases to work within client tech stack
Provide assistance with defining Branch integration strategy to leverage deep linking and channel best practices
Assist Customer in identifying new opportunities to drive additional value from Branch within existing and new channels
Provide guidance with the creation and execution of Customer’s business case in implementing Branch’s Services
Engagement Management
Provide guidance and assistance identifying key integration tasks, owners, and dependencies to support sprint planning
Assist Customer in tracking and communicating task completion and next steps with project stakeholders
Actively monitor for and escalate integration risks and issues
Engagement Support
Assist customer with building links for testing, and social/email/ads/site campaigns
Support the creation of Journeys and Deepview templates
Provide guidance and support to Customer in creating custom link builders, test pages, webhooks, and API scripts to streamline integration usage
Support analytics tagging strategy, retrieval of Branch data, and creation of performance reporting and collateral
Software Configuration
Support configuration of default redirect, social, and domain settings
Assign and coordinate user access permissions
Support setup of premium feature (Journeys, Email, Ads, Analytics) dashboard configurations
Enablement
Conduct training sessions for project stakeholders on content which may include Branch functionality, Premium features, Specific Use Cases, and Dashboard Usage
PROJECT ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES.
This is a list of Project roles, NOT individuals, required to complete the Project. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is critical for Project success.
Role
Responsibility
Frequency
Estimated Hours
Sponsor
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful Project Completion, and promote process change where necessary
Monthly
5 Hours per Month
Project Manager
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules, and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners
Participating in Project meetings
Weekly
10 Hours per Week
Administrator
Responsible for ongoing administration of Branch’s Services, once Professional Services are delivered
Manages user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training, and adoption
Manages organization’s ongoing use of Branch’s Services
Weekly
5-8 Hours per Week
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration, and identification of exceptions/risks
Attends Project meetings related to area of ownership
Assists in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices
Participates in user acceptance testing activities
Weekly
5-10 Hours per Week
Extended Team
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project
Weekly
2-5 Hours per Week
ONBOARDING SERVICE ASSUMPTIONS.
Unless otherwise noted in this SOW or agreed to in writing by the Parties, the following assumptions are based on information provided by the Customer relating to the Project and have been used to estimate Branch PS’s required time, level of effort, and fees. Deviations from these assumptions may lead to commensurate changes in the timeline and fees and will be handled through a formal Change Order.
Term Length:
Unless otherwise agreed upon by both Parties and executed in a Change Order, the obligation of Branch to provide Onboarding Services under this SOW expires after the timeframe identified in the Order Form, following the SOW “Effective Date.”
Reasonable Work Hours:
Customer agrees that (1) Branch PS staffing commitments (“Staffing Commitments”) include up to the amount set forth in the Order Form (if any); (2) Staffing Commitments in this SOW may not have been fully scoped, and there is no assurance that the work identified by the Customer for Branch PS subject to Staffing Commitments can be completed within the time period scoped or even that such work can be completed at all; (3) Branch PS reserves the right to reject any request for work identified by Customer to be provided by Branch PS as Staffing Commitments, if Branch PS reasonably believes such work is outside of the type of services normally provided by Branch PS; and (4) Staffing Commitments may be consumed by Branch PS in completing preparations for meetings, completing offline research, and completing offline configurations or other action items.
Overages:
Branch PS will secure Customer’s approval to bill against overages that exceed initial Staffing Commitments or arising from delays caused by Customer before the provisioning of any such overage services.
Cancellation / Postponement:
Branch PS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled Project meetings. The repeated cancellation of Project meetings may result in Project delay and additional costs.
CUSTOMER RESOURCE AVAILABILITY.
Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Branch PS team’s performance is contingent upon Customer’s timely performance of its obligations under this SOW. Project timeline estimates provided by Branch PS are dependent on the availability of Customer resources and key decision makers. Lack of access to, or any material change to, Customer’s resources and/or Project stakeholders may impact estimated timelines, costs, fees, and whether additional Onboarding Services may be needed. As such, Customer agrees to promptly: (a) acknowledge, review, and respond to communications from Branch PS to support and progress the Project; (b) sign or e-sign any documents necessary to enable integration features with third-party partners selected by Customer to enable Branch PS to continue the provisioning of the Onboarding Services; connect the Branch PS team with Customer’s relevant contacts and subject matter experts as may be necessary to facilitate the Onboarding Services. Should Customer choose not to go live with any aspect of the deployment, and then at a future date need additional Onboarding Services, this will require another statement of work or Change Order to extend the Onboarding Services term and may result in additional costs. Customer is solely responsible for its engagement with and management of any third-party vendors that Customer integrates into, or uses in conjunction with, Branch.
FEES.
Customer will pay Branch all fees for Onboarding Services in accordance with this SOW and at the rates specified in the applicable Order Form.
Effective April 13th 2023
to
June 7th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Addendum to Order Form
Onboarding Services Statement of Work
This Onboarding Services Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes Onboarding Services to be performed by Branch for Customer (each a “party”, collectively “Parties”) to the extent Customer has purchased Onboarding Services, as set forth in Customer’s Order Form. By executing an Order Form that references this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(the “PS Terms”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms.
SCOPE OF SERVICES
. Branch PS will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer’s staff as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch PS and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will commit resources to work on the Project. In providing the Onboarding Services hereunder, Branch PS will employ reasonable, industry-standard Onboarding processes and activities.
Service
Onboarding Service Description
Discovery
Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying integration requirements for key use cases to work within client tech stack
Provide assistance with defining Branch integration strategy to leverage deep linking and channel best practices
Assist Customer in identifying new opportunities to drive additional value from Branch within existing and new channels
Provide guidance with the creation and execution of Customer’s business case in implementing Branch’s Services
Engagement Management
Provide guidance and assistance identifying key integration tasks, owners, and dependencies to support sprint planning
Assist Customer in tracking and communicating task completion and next steps with project stakeholders
Actively monitor for and escalate integration risks and issues
Engagement Support
Assist customer with building links for testing, and social/email/ads/site campaigns
Support the creation of Journeys and Deepview templates
Provide guidance and support to Customer in creating custom link builders, test pages, webhooks, and API scripts to streamline integration usage
Support analytics tagging strategy, retrieval of Branch data, and creation of performance reporting and collateral
Software Configuration
Support configuration of default redirect, social, and domain settings
Assign and coordinate user access permissions
Support setup of premium feature (Journeys, Email, Ads, Analytics) dashboard configurations
Enablement
Conduct training sessions for project stakeholders on content which may include Branch functionality, Premium features, Specific Use Cases, and Dashboard Usage
PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
. This is a list of Project roles, NOT individuals, required to complete the Project. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is critical for Project success.
Role
Branch PS
Customer
Sponsor
Responsible for allocating Branch PS resources
Serve as escalation contact for issues not resolvable by Branch Project Manager (“PM”)
Advises the Branch PS team
Manages project resources
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful onboarding, and promote process change where necessary
Project Manager
Responsible for oversight of Branch PS resources, schedules. Supporting responsibilities include:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Providing guidance and assistance for management of Project issues
Leading Project meetings
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners
Participating in Project meetings
Administrator
N/A
Responsible for ongoing Branch administration, once onboarding is complete
Manage user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoption
Manage organization’s ongoing Branch use
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
Responsible for providing leadership and guidance on the overall usage of Branch
Define Branch integration strategy
Support ongoing onboarding setup
Conduct training of Branch best practices
Support QA of Branch integration
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration, and identification of exceptions/risks
Attend Project meetings related to area of ownership
Assist in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices
Participate in user acceptance testing activities
Extended Team
As needed Branch PS resources (including Solution Architects, Subject Matter Experts, Technical and/or Education resources) to support the scope of the Project
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project
ONBOARDING SERVICE ASSUMPTIONS
. Unless otherwise noted in this SOW or agreed to in writing by the Parties, the following assumptions are based on information provided by the Customer relating to the Project and have been used to estimate Branch PS’s required level of effort and fees. Deviations from these assumptions may lead to commensurate changes in the timeline and fees and will be handled through a formal Change Order.
Term Length:
Unless otherwise agreed upon by both Parties and duly executed in writing, the obligation of Branch to provide Onboarding Services under this SOW expires after the timeframe identified in the Order Form, following the SOW “Effective Date.”
Reasonable Work Hours:
Customer agrees that (1) Branch PS staffing commitments (“Staffing Commitments”) include up to the amount set forth in the Order Form (if any); (2) Staffing Commitments in this SOW may not have been fully scoped, and there is no assurance that the work identified by the Customer for Branch PS subject to Staffing Commitments can be completed within the time period scoped or even that such work can be completed at all; (3) Branch PS reserves the right to reject any request for work identified by Customer to be provided by Branch PS as Staffing Commitments, if Branch PS reasonably believes such work is outside of the type of services normally provided by Branch PS; and (4) Staffing Commitments may be consumed by Branch PS in completing preparations for meetings, completing offline research, and completing offline configurations or other action items.
Overages:
Branch PS will secure Customer’s approval to bill against overages that exceed initial Staffing Commitments before the provisioning of any such overage services.
Cancellation / Postponement:
Branch PS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled Project meetings. The repeated cancellation of Project meetings may result in Project delay and additional costs.
CUSTOMER RESOURCE AVAILABILITY.
Project timeline estimates provided by Branch PS are dependent on the availability of Customer resources and key decision makers. Lack of access to or the material change to resources and/or Project stakeholders may impact estimated timelines and whether additional Onboarding Services may be needed. Customer is responsible for acknowledging, reviewing, and responding to communications from Branch PS to support this Project. Some integration features may require Customer’s contractual signature / e-signature with a third party before Branch PS can continue with the provisioning of services, and Customer is responsible for responding and executing such third party agreements in a timely and collaborative fashion. Customer is responsible for any engagement and management of third-party vendors that Customer uses in conjunction with Branch. Customer will provide relevant contacts and subject matter experts in a timely fashion to be made available for any necessary work to conduct this SOW according to a mutually agreed upon Project schedule. Should Customer choose not to go live with any aspect of the deployment, and then at a future date need additional Onboarding Services, this will require another statement of work or Change Order to extend the Onboarding Services term and may result in additional costs.
FEES
. Customer will pay Branch for the Onboarding Services at the rates specified in the applicable Order Form.
Effective January 1st 2023
to
April 13th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Addendum to Order Form
Onboarding Services Statement of Work
This Onboarding Services Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes Onboarding Services to be performed by Branch for Customer (each a “party”, collectively “Parties”) to the extent Customer has purchased Onboarding Services, as set forth in Customer’s Order Form. By executing an Order Form that references this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW. Except where otherwise expressly indicated within this SOW, this SOW is subject to the terms of the applicable Order Form and Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between Customer and Branch, that service agreement, as applicable, between the Parties as referenced in the relevant Order Form (“Service Agreement”).
Customer may not receive Onboarding Services if Customer is Branch’s direct competitor, except with Branch’s prior written consent. In addition, Customer may not receive Onboarding Services for the purposes of evaluating or monitoring their quality or performance, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes.
I. DEFINITIONS
“
Affiliate
” means any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
“
Branch
” means Branch Metrics, Inc., the entity you are hereby contracting with.
“
Branch OS
” means Branch’s Onboarding Services organization.
“
Customer
” means the company or other legal entity for which you are accepting this SOW together with Affiliates of that company or entity which have signed SOWs or Order Forms for Onboarding Services.
“
Change
Order
” means any change to an SOW or Order Form, as applicable, as described in the “Change Orders” section below. Change Orders will be deemed incorporated by reference in the applicable SOW or Order Form, as applicable in the absence of an SOW.
“Order Form”
means an ordering document specifying the Onboarding Services to be provided hereunder and that is entered into between Customer and Branch, including any addenda and supplements thereto.
“
Onboarding Services
” means work performed by Branch under a SOW or Order Form, including Branch’s Onboarding assistance specified in such SOW or Order Form. For clarity, the “Service(s)” under the Service Agreement do not include Onboarding Services.
“
SOW
” or “
Statement of Work
” means a statement of work describing Onboarding Services to be provided hereunder, that is entered into between Customer and Branch which is incorporated into an Order Form that is entered into between Customer and Branch.
“
Effective Date
” means the date signed by both Parties in the Order Form; if the Parties signed on different dates, the later of the two dates will constitute the Effective Date.
“
Work Product
” means all works of authorship, inventions, know-how, ideas, materials, information, designs, and files made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part by Branch or its subcontractors in connection with the Onboarding Services, and all intellectual property rights relating thereto.
II. SCOPE OF SERVICES
. Branch OS will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer’s staff as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch OS and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will commit resources to work on the Project. In providing the Onboarding Services hereunder, Branch OS will employ reasonable, industry-standard Onboarding processes and activities.
Service
Onboarding Service Description
Discovery
Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying integration requirements for key use cases to work within client tech stack
Provide assistance with defining Branch integration strategy to leverage deep linking and channel best practices
Assist Customer in identifying new opportunities to drive additional value from Branch within existing and new channels
Provide guidance with the creation and execution of Customer’s business case in implementing Branch’s Services
Engagement Management
Provide guidance and assistance identifying key integration tasks, owners, and dependencies to support sprint planning
Assist Customer in tracking and communicating task completion and next steps with project stakeholders
Actively monitor for and escalate integration risks and issues
Engagement Support
Assist customer with building links for testing, and social/email/ads/site campaigns
Support the creation of Journeys and Deepview templates
Provide guidance and support to Customer in creating custom link builders, test pages, webhooks, and API scripts to streamline integration usage
Support analytics tagging strategy, retrieval of Branch data, and creation of performance reporting and collateral
Software Configuration
Support configuration of default redirect, social, and domain settings
Assign and coordinate user access permissions
Support setup of premium feature (Journeys, Email, Ads, Analytics) dashboard configurations
Enablement
Conduct training sessions for project stakeholders on content which may include Branch functionality, Premium features, Specific Use Cases, and Dashboard Usage
III. PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES.
This is a list of Project roles, NOT individuals, required to complete the Project. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is critical for Project success.
Role
Branch OS
Customer
Sponsor
Responsible for allocating Branch OS resources
Serve as escalation contact for issues not resolvable by Branch Project Manager (“PM”)
Advises the Branch OS team
Manages project resources
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful onboarding, and promote process change where necessary
Project Manager
Responsible for oversight of Branch OS resources, schedules. Supporting
r
esponsibilities include:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Providing guidance and assistance for management of Project issues
Leading Project meetings
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners
Participating in Project meetings
Administrator
N/A
Responsible for ongoing Branch administration, once onboarding is complete
Manage user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoption
Manage organization’s ongoing Branch use
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
Responsible for providing leadership and guidance on the overall usage of Branch
Define Branch integration strategy
Support ongoing onboarding setup
Conduct training of Branch best practices
Support QA of Branch integration
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration, and identification of exceptions/risks
Attend Project meetings related to area of ownership
Assist in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices
Participate in user acceptance testing activities
Extended Team
As needed Branch OS resources (including Solution Architects, Subject Matter Experts, Technical and/or Education resources) to support the scope of the Project
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project
IV. ONBOARDING
SERVICE ASSUMPTIONS.
Unless otherwise noted in this SOW or agreed to in writing by the Parties, the following assumptions are based on information provided by the Customer relating to the Project and have been used to estimate Branch OS’s required level of effort and fees. Deviations from these assumptions may lead to commensurate changes in the timeline and fees and will be handled through a formal Change Order.
Term Length
: Unless otherwise agreed upon by both Parties and duly executed in writing, the obligation of Branch to provide Onboarding Services under this SOW expires after the timeframe identified in the Order Form, following the SOW “Effective Date.”
Scope:
Any item or activity not specifically included within the scope of this SOW is deemed outside the scope of this SOW and may require a Change Order, or separate SOW. Services referenced herein are in support of standard Branch software functionality as defined by the applicable Service Agreement, except as may otherwise be specified in this SOW. Any changes to the software functionality supplied are outside the scope of this SOW.
No Recording
: Customer will not film or record Branch delivery of Onboarding Services or Branch materials.
Reasonable Work Hours
: Customer agrees that:
Branch OS staffing commitments (“Staffing Commitments”) include up to the amount set forth in the Order Form (if any);
Staffing Commitments in this SOW may not have been fully scoped, and there is no assurance that the work identified by the Customer for Branch OS subject to Staffing Commitments can be completed within the time period scoped or even that such work can be completed at all;
Branch OS reserves the right to reject any request for work identified by Customer to be provided by Branch OS as Staffing Commitments, if Branch OS reasonably believes such work is outside of the type of services normally provided by Branch OS; and
Staffing Commitments may be consumed by Branch OS in completing preparations for meetings, completing offline research, and completing offline configurations or other action items.
Overages
: Branch OS will secure Customer’s approval to bill against overages that exceed initial Staffing Commitments before the provisioning of any such overage services.
Cancellation / Postponement
: Branch OS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled Project meetings. The repeated cancelation of Project meetings may result in Project delay and additional costs.
Business Hours
: Branch OS resources will be reachable over email during normal business hours (9 am - 6 pm local time, Monday – Friday, excluding nationally recognized holidays), and issues escalated outside of normal business hours may be sent to support@branch.io.
Non-Solicitation
: During the term of the SOW and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, Customer shall not interfere with Branch’s relationship with, or endeavor to entice away from Branch, any person who, on the date of the termination of or expiration of the Agreement, was an employee of Branch.
V. CUSTOMER RESOURCE AVAILABILITY.
Project timeline estimates provided by Branch OS are dependent on the availability of Customer resources and key decision makers. Lack of access to or the material change to resources and/or Project stakeholders may impact estimated timelines and whether additional Onboarding Services may be needed. Customer is responsible for acknowledging, reviewing, and responding to communications from Branch OS to support this Project. Some integration features may require Customer’s contractual signature / e-signature with a third party before Branch OS can continue with the provisioning of services, and Customer is responsible for responding and executing such third party agreements in a timely and collaborative fashion. Customer is responsible for any engagement and management of third-party vendors that Customer uses in conjunction with Branch. Customer will provide relevant contacts and subject matter experts in a timely fashion to be made available for any necessary work to conduct this SOW according to a mutually agreed upon Project schedule. Should Customer choose not to go live with any aspect of the deployment, and then at a future date need additional Onboarding Services, this will require another statement of work or Change Order to extend the Onboarding Services term and may result in additional costs.
VI. CHANGE ORDERS.
Changes to a SOW or Order Form will require a written Change Order signed by the Parties prior to implementation of the changes. Such changes many include, for example, changes to the scope of work and any corresponding changes to the estimated fees and schedule.
VII. FEES.
Customer will pay Branch for the Onboarding Services at the rates specified in the applicable Order Form.
VIII. LICENSES PROCUREMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Any rights for Customer to use and access Branch software (including without limitation any service functionalities, products, modules and features) are outside the scope of this SOW and must be separately procured by Customer from Branch pursuant to an Order Form or the applicable Service Agreement.
Customer is responsible for separately procuring, at its own expense, all necessary rights for its and/or Branch OS’s use of any Customer or third-party technology that will be used within the scope of this SOW, including any applications and/or services with which the Branch Service can be connected through integrations. Customer represents and warrants that it will procure all such rights prior to using or permitting Branch OS’s use of any such third-party technology hereunder. Customer acknowledges that use of third-party technology and/or services not already licensed or purchased by Customer may require additional licenses and fee(s) that must be obtained separately by the Customer from the specific third-party provider of such applications and/or services.
IX. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Customer will retain all right, title, and interest in and to any materials provided to Branch OS and the Branch OS resources pursuant to this SOW (“Customer Materials”). Customer grants Branch (including Branch OS) and its contractors a worldwide, non-exclusive, right to use, copy, distribute, create derivative works based on, display, and perform its Customer Materials as reasonably necessary for Branch OS to provide the Onboarding Services and Services to Customer.
Except for the rights granted in this Section, and subject to Customer’s rights in the Customer Materials, Branch owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the Work Product. Branch grants Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Work Product with the Services for Customer’s internal business purposes during the Term of the applicable Service Agreement.
Customer will not (and will not allow any third party to): (a) remove or alter proprietary notices from the Work Product or (b) use, sell, copy, modify, create derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, or distribute the Work Product outside of the Services.
X. DISCLAIMER
. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BRANCH AND ITS AFFILIATES (A) MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATORY OR OTHERWISE REGARDING THE ONBOARDING SERVICES AND WORK PRODUCT, AND (B) DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTIES (I) OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OR (II) THAT THE ONBOARDING SERVICES AND WORK PRODUCT ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR RELIABLE. THE ONBOARDING SERVICES AND WORK PRODUCT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE ONBOARDING SERVICES AND WORK PRODUCT WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE IN THIS SOW.
XI. TERM AND TERMINATION
Term.
This SOW will expire or terminate in accordance with the Section on “Term Length” above.
Termination for Cause.
Either party may terminate this SOW if the other party is in material breach of the SOW and fails to cure that breach within thirty days after receipt of written notice. Any termination of the applicable Service Agreement will also terminate this SOW.
Surviving Provisions.
The Sections on “Intellectual Property” and the “Disclaimer” will survive termination of this SOW.
Effective December 6th 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Addendum to Order Form
Onboarding Services Statement of Work
This Onboarding Services Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes Onboarding Services to be performed by Branch for Customer (each a “party”, collectively “Parties”) to the extent Customer has purchased Onboarding Services, as set forth in Customer’s Order Form. By executing an Order Form that references this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW. Except where otherwise expressly indicated within this SOW, this SOW is subject to the terms of the applicable Order Form and Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between Customer and Branch, that service agreement, as applicable, between the Parties as referenced in the relevant Order Form (“Service Agreement”).
Customer may not receive Onboarding Services if Customer is Branch’s direct competitor, except with Branch’s prior written consent. In addition, Customer may not receive Onboarding Services for the purposes of evaluating or monitoring their quality or performance, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes.
I. DEFINITIONS
“
Affiliate
” means any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
“
Branch
” means Branch Metrics, Inc., the entity you are hereby contracting with.
“
Branch OS
” means Branch’s Onboarding Services organization.
“
Customer
” means the company or other legal entity for which you are accepting this SOW together with Affiliates of that company or entity which have signed SOWs or Order Forms for Onboarding Services.
“
Change
Order
” means any change to an SOW or Order Form, as applicable, as described in the “Change Orders” section below. Change Orders will be deemed incorporated by reference in the applicable SOW or Order Form, as applicable in the absence of an SOW.
“Order Form”
means an ordering document specifying the Onboarding Services to be provided hereunder and that is entered into between Customer and Branch, including any addenda and supplements thereto.
“
Onboarding Services
” means work performed by Branch under a SOW or Order Form, including Branch’s Onboarding assistance specified in such SOW or Order Form. For clarity, the “Service(s)” under the Service Agreement do not include Onboarding Services.
“
SOW
” or “
Statement of Work
” means a statement of work describing Onboarding Services to be provided hereunder, that is entered into between Customer and Branch which is incorporated into an Order Form that is entered into between Customer and Branch.
“
Effective Date
” means the date signed by both Parties in the Order Form; if the Parties signed on different dates, the later of the two dates will constitute the Effective Date.
“
Work Product
” means all works of authorship, inventions, know-how, ideas, materials, information, designs, and files made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part by Branch or its subcontractors in connection with the Onboarding Services, and all intellectual property rights relating thereto.
II. SCOPE OF SERVICES
. Branch OS will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer’s staff as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch OS and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will commit resources to work on the Project. In providing the Onboarding Services hereunder, Branch OS will employ reasonable, industry-standard Onboarding processes and activities.
Service
Onboarding Service Description
Discovery
Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying integration requirements for key use cases to work within client tech stack
Provide assistance with defining Branch integration strategy to leverage deep linking and channel best practices
Assist Customer in identifying new opportunities to drive additional value from Branch within existing and new channels
Provide guidance with the creation and execution of Customer’s business case in implementing Branch’s Services
Engagement Management
Provide guidance and assistance identifying key integration tasks, owners, and dependencies to support sprint planning
Assist Customer in tracking and communicating task completion and next steps with project stakeholders
Actively monitor for and escalate integration risks and issues
Engagement Support
Assist customer with building links for testing, and social/email/ads/site campaigns
Support the creation of Journeys and Deepview templates
Provide guidance and support to Customer in creating custom link builders, test pages, webhooks, and API scripts to streamline integration usage
Support analytics tagging strategy, retrieval of Branch data, and creation of performance reporting and collateral
Software Configuration
Support configuration of default redirect, social, and domain settings
Assign and coordinate user access permissions
Support setup of premium feature (Journeys, Email, Ads, Analytics) dashboard configurations
Enablement
Conduct training sessions for project stakeholders on content which may include Branch functionality, Premium features, Specific Use Cases, and Dashboard Usage
III. PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES.
This is a list of Project roles, NOT individuals, required to complete the Project. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is critical for Project success.
Role
Branch OS
Customer
Sponsor
Responsible for allocating Branch OS resources
Serve as escalation contact for issues not resolvable by Branch Project Manager (“PM”)
Advises the Branch OS team
Manages project resources
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful onboarding, and promote process change where necessary
Project Manager
Responsible for oversight of Branch OS resources, schedules. Supporting
r
esponsibilities include:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Providing guidance and assistance for management of Project issues
Leading Project meetings
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners
Participating in Project meetings
Administrator
N/A
Responsible for ongoing Branch administration, once onboarding is complete
Manage user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoption
Manage organization’s ongoing Branch use
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
Responsible for providing leadership and guidance on the overall usage of Branch
Define Branch integration strategy
Support ongoing onboarding setup
Conduct training of Branch best practices
Support QA of Branch integration
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration, and identification of exceptions/risks
Attend Project meetings related to area of ownership
Assist in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices
Participate in user acceptance testing activities
Extended Team
As needed Branch OS resources (including Solution Architects, Subject Matter Experts, Technical and/or Education resources) to support the scope of the Project
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project
IV. ONBOARDING
SERVICE ASSUMPTIONS.
Unless otherwise noted in this SOW or agreed to in writing by the Parties, the following assumptions are based on information provided by the Customer relating to the Project and have been used to estimate Branch OS’s required level of effort and fees. Deviations from these assumptions may lead to commensurate changes in the timeline and fees and will be handled through a formal Change Order.
Term Length
: Unless otherwise agreed upon by both Parties and duly executed in writing, the obligation of Branch to provide Onboarding Services under this SOW expires after the timeframe identified in the Order Form, following the SOW “Effective Date.”
Scope:
Any item or activity not specifically included within the scope of this SOW is deemed outside the scope of this SOW and may require a Change Order, or separate SOW. Services referenced herein are in support of standard Branch software functionality as defined by the applicable Service Agreement, except as may otherwise be specified in this SOW. Any changes to the software functionality supplied are outside the scope of this SOW.
No Recording
: Customer will not film or record Branch delivery of Onboarding Services or Branch materials.
Reasonable Work Hours
: Customer agrees that:
Branch OS staffing commitments (“Staffing Commitments”) include up to the amount set forth in the Order Form (if any);
Staffing Commitments in this SOW may not have been fully scoped, and there is no assurance that the work identified by the Customer for Branch OS subject to Staffing Commitments can be completed within the time period scoped or even that such work can be completed at all;
Branch OS reserves the right to reject any request for work identified by Customer to be provided by Branch OS as Staffing Commitments, if Branch OS reasonably believes such work is outside of the type of services normally provided by Branch OS; and
Staffing Commitments may be consumed by Branch OS in completing preparations for meetings, completing offline research, and completing offline configurations or other action items.
Overages
: Branch OS will secure Customer’s approval to bill against overages that exceed initial Staffing Commitments before the provisioning of any such overage services.
Cancellation / Postponement
: Branch OS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled Project meetings. The repeated cancelation of Project meetings may result in Project delay and additional costs.
Business Hours
: Branch OS resources will be reachable over email during normal business hours (9 am - 6 pm local time, Monday – Friday, excluding nationally recognized holidays), and issues escalated outside of normal business hours may be sent to support@branch.io.
Non-Solicitation
: During the term of the SOW and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, Customer shall not interfere with Branch’s relationship with, or endeavor to entice away from Branch, any person who, on the date of the termination of or expiration of the Agreement, was an employee of Branch.
V. CUSTOMER RESOURCE AVAILABILITY.
Project timeline estimates provided by Branch OS are dependent on the availability of Customer resources and key decision makers. Lack of access to or the material change to resources and/or Project stakeholders may impact estimated timelines and whether additional Onboarding Services may be needed. Customer is responsible for acknowledging, reviewing, and responding to communications from Branch OS to support this Project. Some integration features may require Customer’s contractual signature / e-signature with a third party before Branch OS can continue with the provisioning of services, and Customer is responsible for responding and executing such third party agreements in a timely and collaborative fashion. Customer is responsible for any engagement and management of third-party vendors that Customer uses in conjunction with Branch. Customer will provide relevant contacts and subject matter experts in a timely fashion to be made available for any necessary work to conduct this SOW according to a mutually agreed upon Project schedule. Should Customer choose not to go live with any aspect of the deployment, and then at a future date need additional Onboarding Services, this will require another statement of work or Change Order to extend the Onboarding Services term and may result in additional costs.
VI. CHANGE ORDERS.
Changes to a SOW or Order Form will require a written Change Order signed by the Parties prior to implementation of the changes. Such changes many include, for example, changes to the scope of work and any corresponding changes to the estimated fees and schedule.
VII. FEES.
Customer will pay Branch for the Onboarding Services at the rates specified in the applicable Order Form.
VIII. LICENSES PROCUREMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Any rights for Customer to use and access Branch software (including without limitation any service functionalities, products, modules and features) are outside the scope of this SOW and must be separately procured by Customer from Branch pursuant to an Order Form or the applicable Service Agreement.
Customer is responsible for separately procuring, at its own expense, all necessary rights for its and/or Branch OS’s use of any Customer or third-party technology that will be used within the scope of this SOW, including any applications and/or services with which the Branch Service can be connected through integrations. Customer represents and warrants that it will procure all such rights prior to using or permitting Branch OS’s use of any such third-party technology hereunder. Customer acknowledges that use of third-party technology and/or services not already licensed or purchased by Customer may require additional licenses and fee(s) that must be obtained separately by the Customer from the specific third-party provider of such applications and/or services.
IX. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Customer will retain all right, title, and interest in and to any materials provided to Branch OS and the Branch OS resources pursuant to this SOW (“Customer Materials”).  Customer grants Branch (including Branch OS) and its contractors a worldwide, non-exclusive, right to use, copy, distribute, create derivative works based on, display, and perform its Customer Materials as reasonably necessary for Branch OS to provide the Onboarding Services and Services to Customer.
Except for the rights granted in this Section, and subject to Customer’s rights in the Customer Materials, Branch owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the Work Product.  Branch grants Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Work Product with the Services for Customer’s internal business purposes during the Term of the applicable Service Agreement.
Customer will not (and will not allow any third party to): (a) remove or alter proprietary notices from the Work Product or (b) use, sell, copy, modify, create derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, or distribute the Work Product outside of the Services.
X. DISCLAIMER
. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BRANCH AND ITS AFFILIATES (A) MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATORY OR OTHERWISE REGARDING THE ONBOARDING SERVICES AND WORK PRODUCT, AND (B) DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTIES (I) OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OR (II) THAT THE ONBOARDING SERVICES AND WORK PRODUCT ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR RELIABLE.  THE ONBOARDING SERVICES AND WORK PRODUCT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.”  NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE ONBOARDING SERVICES AND WORK PRODUCT WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE IN THIS SOW.
XI. TERM AND TERMINATION
Term.
This SOW will expire or terminate in accordance with the Section on “Term Length” above.
Termination for Cause.
Either party may terminate this SOW if the other party is in material breach of the SOW and fails to cure that breach within thirty days after receipt of written notice.  Any termination of the applicable Service Agreement will also terminate this SOW.
Surviving Provisions.
The Sections on “Intellectual Property” and the “Disclaimer” will survive termination of this SOW.
Effective January 7th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
User Tracking Opt-out
We take our customers’ privacy very seriously and provide mechanisms for opting out of data collection features, which are identified below. You can learn more about the types of data that we need to collect for our core service here:
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy
. We collect limited device information to improve our deep linking technology and to provide attribution and analytics services, but we understand that some users would like to opt out of this data processing.
BROWSER-BASED OPT-OUTS
Top
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work as a result. Cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”). NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from data collection by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
NAI OTT/CTV Opt-Out:
NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of digital advertising data collection on various connected streaming devices to the extent that the device manufacturer will allow. That opt-out is available
here
.
DEVICE-BASED OPT-OUTS & CHOICES
Top
Mobile Device Identifier:
To exercise the mobile device privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select
“opt-out of interest based ads” (Android)
or
“
limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS)
. Branch will only be able to collect information as permitted by these settings.
Branch’s Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt-out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work once that request is executed.
Effective September 4th 2024
to
January 7th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
User Tracking Opt-out
We take our customers’ privacy very seriously and provide mechanisms for opting out of data collection features, which are identified below. You can learn more about the types of data that we need to collect for our core service here:
https://branch.io/policies/#privacy
. We collect limited device information to improve our deep linking technology and to provide attribution and analytics services, but we understand that some users would like to opt out of this data processing.
BROWSER-BASED OPT-OUTS
Top
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work as a result. Cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”), and adheres to its Codes of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from data collection by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
DEVICE-BASED OPT-OUTS & CHOICES
Top
Mobile Device Identifier:
To exercise the mobile device privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select
“opt-out of interest based ads” (Android)
or
“
limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS)
. Branch will only be able to collect information as permitted by these settings.
Branch’s Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt-out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work once that request is executed.
Effective December 31st 2022
to
September 4th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
User Tracking Opt-out
We take our customers’ privacy very seriously and provide mechanisms for opting out of data collection features, which are identified below. You can learn more about the types of data that we need to collect for our core service here:
https://branch.io/policies/#privacy
. We collect limited device information to improve our deep linking technology and to provide attribution and analytics services, but we understand that some users would like to opt out of this data processing.
BROWSER-BASED OPT-OUTS
Top
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work as a result. Cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”), and adheres to its Codes of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from data collection by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
DEVICE-BASED OPT-OUTS & CHOICES
Top
Mobile Device Identifier:
To exercise the mobile device privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select
“opt-out of interest based ads” (Android)
or
“
limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS)
. Branch will only be able to collect information as permitted by these settings.
Branch’s Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt-out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work once that request is executed.
Effective October 11th 2022
to
December 31st 2022
Download
Table of Contents
User Tracking Opt-out
We take our customers’ privacy very seriously and provide mechanisms for opting out of data collection features, which are identified below. You can learn more about the types of data that we need to collect for our core service here:
https://branch.io/policies/#privacy
. We collect limited device information to improve our deep linking technology and to provide attribution and analytics services, but we understand that some users would like to opt out of this data processing.
BROWSER-BASED OPT-OUTS
Top
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work as a result. Cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”), and adheres to its Codes of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from data collection by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
DEVICE-BASED OPT-OUTS & CHOICES
Top
Mobile Device Identifier:
To exercise the mobile device privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select
“opt-out of interest based ads” (Android)
or
“
limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS)
. Branch will only be able to collect information as permitted by these settings.
Branch’s Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt-out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work once that request is executed.
Effective June 1st 2022
to
October 11th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
User Tracking Opt-out
We take our customers’ privacy very seriously and provide mechanisms for opting out of data collection features, which are identified below. You can learn more about the types of data that we need to collect for our core service here:
https://branch.io/policies/#privacy
. We collect limited device information to improve our deep linking technology and to provide attribution and analytics services, but we understand that some users would like to opt out of this data processing.
BRO
WSER-BASED
OPT-OUTS
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work as a result. Cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”), and adheres to its Codes of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from data collection by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
DEVICE
-BASED OPT-OUTS & CHOICES
Mobile Device Identifier:
To exercise the mobile device privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select
“opt-out of interest based ads” (Android)
or
“limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS)
. Branch will only be able to collect information as permitted by these settings.
Branch’s Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt-out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work once that request is executed.
Effective January 30th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
Branch is a deep linking and attribution analytics platform for app and website developers. We are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices ("Digital Properties")--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Branch and its Clients have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by Branch and their use by Clients ("Agreement(s)"). Such Agreements may contain obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information processed in the Services. Nothing in this Privacy Policy derogates from such obligations.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their Digital Properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We prohibit Clients from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 18).
Branch collects data through various methods, including:
When the Client integrates Branch’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Digital Properties and/or ads;
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Client in connection with the measurement and analysis of Client’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with Branch;
When provided voluntarily by the Client as part of the Branch account registration process.
Clients are also required to inform us if they are using Branch’s Services to analyze information protected by HIPAA so that Branch can process such information in a protected environment. In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links, Pixels, and Similar Technologies
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”). Since Clients have sole control over their Digital Properties and configuration of the Services, Clients are contractually prohibited from configuring the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information , unless otherwise agreed by Branch. If a Client has configured the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information, then Branch may receive and process such data. This includes, for example, a Client using an End User’s email address as a Client issued Developer ID.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) that have partnered with Branch to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf in connection with the measurement and analysis of the Client's marketing campaigns.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Subject to Agreements with our Clients, data that Branch collects through the Services is processed to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, to perform anti- fraud protection analysis, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
Where authorized by Agreements with our Clients, we may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their Digital Properties to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
, Agreements, or other contracts with us. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”). NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
NAI OTT/CTV Opt-Out:
NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of digital advertising data collection on various connected streaming devices to the extent that the device manufacturer will allow. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Global Privacy Control:
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website
and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at
www.branch.io
( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing Information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form, downloading content that we make available on the Website, or registering for or attending our events, programs, trainings, or contests. Such information we may receive may include contact and professional details about you which you have chosen to share with us including name, email address, phone number, office or other mailing address, and professional data including organization you are affiliated with, your job title, and industry. We use this information to answer your question(s) and process requests, and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If your browser settings permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies- 101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt-Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by visiting our
Preference Center
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt-Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io
/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
, applicable Agreements, and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, global partners, and other parties who assist Branch to provide, support, and maintain the Services and the Website and need access to information we collect to do so;
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy;
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients;
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person;
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions;
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services; and
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings”
which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Branch implements technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Client’s data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.branch.io/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Privacy Policy.
Data Retention
Top
Branch retains the information we collect through our Website and Services for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business purposes for which it was collected, or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information we either delete it or pseudonymize it unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed to between Branch and a Client.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting
privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
1975 W El Camino Real     Ste. 102
Mountain View, CA 94040
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework- article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Your Rights
Top
Under applicable law and depending on your jurisdiction, you may have the right to access, correct, erase and restrict the processing of your personal data. You may also have the right to object to Branch’s processing of your data or exercise other rights, all in accordance with applicable law.
You have the right to lodge complaints about our data processing activities by filing a complaint with our Data Protection Officer who can be reached by the “Contact Us” section below or with a supervisory authority.
California and Certain other U.S. States
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and applicable privacy laws of other U.S. States provide certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California or such other states. Our privacy notice for California and additional information for other states is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 18). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact
privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 18) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 18 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 18 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
,
so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time at our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
1975 W El Camino Real
Ste. 102
Mountain View, CA 94040, USA
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective January 30th 2025
to
January 30th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
Branch is a deep linking and attribution analytics platform for app and website developers. We are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices ("Digital Properties")--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Branch and its Clients have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by Branch and their use by Clients ("Agreement(s)"). Such Agreements may contain obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information processed in the Services. Nothing in this Privacy Policy derogates from such obligations.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their Digital Properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We prohibit Clients from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 18).
Branch collects data through various methods, including:
When the Client integrates Branch’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Digital Properties and/or ads;
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Client in connection with the measurement and analysis of Client’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with Branch;
When provided voluntarily by the Client as part of the Branch account registration process.
Clients are also required to inform us if they are using Branch’s Services to analyze information protected by HIPAA so that Branch can process such information in a protected environment. In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links, Pixels, and Similar Technologies
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”). Since Clients have sole control over their Digital Properties and configuration of the Services, Clients are contractually prohibited from configuring the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information , unless otherwise agreed by Branch. If a Client has configured the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information, then Branch may receive and process such data. This includes, for example, a Client using an End User’s email address as a Client issued Developer ID.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) that have partnered with Branch to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf in connection with the measurement and analysis of the Client's marketing campaigns.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Subject to Agreements with our Clients, data that Branch collects through the Services is processed to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, to perform anti- fraud protection analysis, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
Where authorized by Agreements with our Clients, we may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their Digital Properties to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
, Agreements, or other contracts with us. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”). NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
NAI OTT/CTV Opt-Out:
NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of digital advertising data collection on various connected streaming devices to the extent that the device manufacturer will allow. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Global Privacy Control:
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website
and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at
www.branch.io
( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing Information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form, downloading content that we make available on the Website, or registering for or attending our events, programs, trainings, or contests. Such information we may receive may include contact and professional details about you which you have chosen to share with us including name, email address, phone number, office or other mailing address, and professional data including organization you are affiliated with, your job title, and industry. We use this information to answer your question(s) and process requests, and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If your browser settings permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies- 101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt-Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by visiting our
Preference Center
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt-Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io
/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
, applicable Agreements, and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, global partners, and other parties who assist Branch to provide, support, and maintain the Services and the Website and need access to information we collect to do so;
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy;
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients;
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person;
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions;
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services; and
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings”
which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Branch implements technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Client’s data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.branch.io/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Privacy Policy.
Data Retention
Top
Branch retains the information we collect through our Website and Services for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business purposes for which it was collected, or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information we either delete it or pseudonymize it unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed to between Branch and a Client.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting
privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
1975 W El Camino Real     Ste. 102
Mountain View, CA 94040
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework- article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Your Rights
Top
Under applicable law and depending on your jurisdiction, you may have the right to access, correct, erase and restrict the processing of your personal data. You may also have the right to object to Branch’s processing of your data or exercise other rights, all in accordance with applicable law.
You have the right to lodge complaints about our data processing activities by filing a complaint with our Data Protection Officer who can be reached by the “Contact Us” section below or with a supervisory authority.
California and Certain other U.S. States
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and applicable privacy laws of other U.S. States provide certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California or such other states. Our privacy notice for California and additional information for other states is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 18). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact
privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 18) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 18 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 18 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
,
so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time at our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
1975 W El Camino Real
Ste. 102
Mountain View, CA 94040, USA
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective December 31st 2024
to
January 30th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
Branch is a deep linking and attribution analytics platform for app and website developers. We are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices ("Digital Properties")--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Branch and its Clients have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by Branch and their use by Clients ("Agreement(s)"). Such Agreements may contain obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information processed in the Services. Nothing in this Privacy Policy derogates from such obligations.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their Digital Properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We prohibit Clients from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 18).
Branch collects data through various methods, including:
When the Client integrates Branch’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Digital Properties and/or ads;
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Client in connection with the measurement and analysis of Client’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with Branch;
When provided voluntarily by the Client as part of the Branch account registration process.
Clients are also required to inform us if they are using Branch’s Services to analyze information protected by HIPAA so that Branch can process such information in a protected environment. In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links, Pixels, and Similar Technologies
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”). Since Clients have sole control over their Digital Properties and configuration of the Services, Clients are contractually prohibited from configuring the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information , unless otherwise agreed by Branch. If a Client has configured the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information, then Branch may receive and process such data. This includes, for example, a Client using an End User’s email address as a Client issued Developer ID.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) that have partnered with Branch to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf in connection with the measurement and analysis of the Client's marketing campaigns.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Subject to Agreements with our Clients, data that Branch collects through the Services is processed to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, to perform anti- fraud protection analysis, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
Where authorized by Agreements with our Clients, we may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their Digital Properties to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
, Agreements, or other contracts with us. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”). NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
NAI OTT/CTV Opt-Out:
NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of digital advertising data collection on various connected streaming devices to the extent that the device manufacturer will allow. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Global Privacy Control:
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website
and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at
www.branch.io
( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing Information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form, downloading content that we make available on the Website, or registering for or attending our events, programs, trainings, or contests. Such information we may receive may include contact and professional details about you which you have chosen to share with us including name, email address, phone number, office or other mailing address, and professional data including organization you are affiliated with, your job title, and industry. We use this information to answer your question(s) and process requests, and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If your browser settings permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies- 101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt-Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by visiting our
Preference Center
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt-Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io
/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
, applicable Agreements, and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, global partners, and other parties who assist Branch to provide, support, and maintain the Services and the Website and need access to information we collect to do so;
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy;
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients;
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person;
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions;
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services; and
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings”
which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Branch implements technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Client’s data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.branch.io/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch retains the information collected by the Services for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, Branch stores the information collected by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by Users (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), information collected from that User by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs of Users, which are used for the purpose of providing reporting and analytics to the Client, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 14 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized usage activity logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We retain the information collected by the Website for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, we store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting
privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
1975 W El Camino Real     Ste. 102
Mountain View, CA 94040
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework- article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Your Rights
Top
Under applicable law and depending on your jurisdiction, you may have the right to access, correct, erase and restrict the processing of your personal data. You may also have the right to object to Branch’s processing of your data or exercise other rights, all in accordance with applicable law.
You have the right to lodge complaints about our data processing activities by filing a complaint with our Data Protection Officer who can be reached by the “Contact Us” section below or with a supervisory authority.
California and Certain other U.S. States
Top
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and applicable privacy laws of other U.S. States provide certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California or such other states. Our privacy notice for California and additional information for other states is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 18). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact
privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 18) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 18 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 18 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
,
so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time at our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
1975 W El Camino Real
Ste. 102
Mountain View, CA 94040, USA
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective December 17th 2024
to
December 31st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
Branch is a deep linking and attribution analytics platform for app and website developers. We are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices ("Digital Properties")--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Branch and its Clients have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by Branch and their use by Clients ("Agreement(s)"). Such Agreements may contain obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information processed in the Services. Nothing in this Privacy Policy derogates from such obligations.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their Digital Properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We prohibit Clients from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 18).
Branch collects data through various methods, including:
When the Client integrates Branch’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Digital Properties and/or ads;
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Client in connection with the measurement and analysis of Client’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with Branch;
When provided voluntarily by the Client as part of the Branch account registration process.
Clients are also required to inform us if they are using Branch’s Services to analyze information protected by HIPAA so that Branch can process such information in a protected environment. In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links, Pixels, and Similar Technologies
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”). Since Clients have sole control over their Digital Properties and configuration of the Services, Clients are contractually prohibited from configuring the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information , unless otherwise agreed by Branch. If a Client has configured the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information, then Branch may receive and process such data. This includes, for example, a Client using an End User’s email address as a Client issued Developer ID.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) that have partnered with Branch to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf in connection with the measurement and analysis of the Client's marketing campaigns.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Subject to Agreements with our Clients, data that Branch collects through the Services is processed to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, to perform anti- fraud protection analysis, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
Where authorized by Agreements with our Clients, we may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their Digital Properties to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
, Agreements, or other contracts with us. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”). NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
NAI OTT/CTV Opt-Out:
NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of digital advertising data collection on various connected streaming devices to the extent that the device manufacturer will allow. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Global Privacy Control:
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website
and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at
www.branch.io
( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing Information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form, downloading content that we make available on the Website, or registering for or attending our events, programs, trainings, or contests. Such information we may receive may include contact and professional details about you which you have chosen to share with us including name, email address, phone number, office or other mailing address, and professional data including organization you are affiliated with, your job title, and industry. We use this information to answer your question(s) and process requests, and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If your browser settings permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies- 101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt-Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by visiting our
Preference Center
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt-Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io
/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
, applicable Agreements, and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, global partners, and other parties who assist Branch to provide, support, and maintain the Services and the Website and need access to information we collect to do so;
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy;
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients;
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person;
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions;
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services; and
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings”
which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Branch implements technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Client’s data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.branch.io/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch retains the information collected by the Services for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, Branch stores the information collected by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by Users (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), information collected from that User by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs of Users, which are used for the purpose of providing reporting and analytics to the Client, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 14 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized usage activity logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We retain the information collected by the Website for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, we store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting
privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
1975 W El Camino Real     Ste. 102
Mountain View, CA 94040
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework- article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Data Subject Rights
Depending on your jurisdiction.
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 18). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact
privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 18) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 18 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 18 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
,
so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time at our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
1975 W El Camino Real
Ste. 102
Mountain View, CA 94040, USA
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective October 1st 2024
to
December 17th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
Branch is a deep linking and attribution analytics platform for app and website developers. We are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices ("Digital Properties")--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Branch and its Clients have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by Branch and their use by Clients ("Agreement(s)"). Such Agreements may contain obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information processed in the Services. Nothing in this Privacy Policy derogates from such obligations.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their Digital Properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We prohibit Clients from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
Branch collects data through various methods, including:
When the Client integrates Branch’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Digital Properties and/or ads;
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Client in connection with the measurement and analysis of Client’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with Branch;
When provided voluntarily by the Client as part of the Branch account registration process.
Clients are also required to inform us if they are using Branch’s services to analyze information protected by HIPAA so that Branch can process such information in a protected environment.
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links, Pixels
,
and Similar Technologies
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”). Since Clients have sole control over their Digital Properties and configuration of the Services, Clients are contractually prohibited from configuring the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information , unless otherwise agreed by Branch. If a Client has configured the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information, then Branch may receive and process such data. This includes, for example, a Client using an End User’s email address as a Client issued Developer ID.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) that have partnered with Branch to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf in connection with the measurement and analysis of the Client's marketing campaigns.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Subject to Agreements with our Clients, data that Branch collects through the Services is processed to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, to perform anti-fraud protection analysis, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
Where authorized by Agreements with our Clients, we may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their Digital Properties to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
, Agreements, or other contracts with us. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If your browser settings permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies-101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
, applicable Agreements, and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, global partners, and other parties who assist Branch to provide, support, and maintain the Services and the Website and need access to information we collect to do so;
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy;
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients;
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person;
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions;
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services; and
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Branch implements technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Client’s data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.branch.io/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch retains the information collected by the Services for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, Branch stores the information collected by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by Users (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), information collected from that User by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs of Users, which are used for the purpose of providing reporting and analytics to the Client, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 14 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized usage activity logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We retain the information collected by the Website for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, we store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services
: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website
: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective September 16th 2024
to
October 1st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
Branch is a deep linking and attribution analytics platform for app and website developers. We are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices ("Digital Properties")--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Branch and its Clients have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by Branch and their use by Clients ("Agreement(s)"). Such Agreements may contain obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information processed in the Services. Nothing in this Privacy Policy derogates from such obligations.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their Digital Properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We prohibit Clients from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
Branch collects data through various methods, including:
When the Client integrates Branch’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Digital Properties and/or ads;
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Client in connection with the measurement and analysis of Client’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with Branch;
When provided voluntarily by the Client as part of the Branch account registration process.
Clients are also required to inform us if they are using Branch’s services to analyze information protected by HIPAA so that Branch can process such information in a protected environment.
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links, Pixels
,
and Similar Technologies
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”). Since Clients have sole control over their Digital Properties and configuration of the Services, Clients are contractually prohibited from configuring the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information , unless otherwise agreed by Branch. If a Client has configured the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information, then Branch may receive and process such data. This includes, for example, a Client using an End User’s email address as a Client issued Developer ID.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) that have partnered with Branch to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf in connection with the measurement and analysis of the Client's marketing campaigns.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Subject to Agreements with our Clients, data that Branch collects through the Services is processed to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, to perform anti-fraud protection analysis, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
Where authorized by Agreements with our Clients, we may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their Digital Properties to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
, Agreements, or other contracts with us. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If your browser settings permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies-101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
, applicable Agreements, and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, global partners, and other parties who assist Branch to provide, support, and maintain the Services and the Website and need access to information we collect to do so;
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy;
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients;
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person;
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions;
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services; and
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Branch implements technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Client’s data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.branch.io/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch retains the information collected by the Services for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, Branch stores the information collected by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by Users (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), information collected from that User by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs of Users, which are used for the purpose of providing reporting and analytics to the Client, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 14 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized usage activity logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We retain the information collected by the Website for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, we store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services
: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website
: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective August 14th 2024
to
September 16th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
Branch is a deep linking and attribution analytics platform for app and website developers. We are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices ("Digital Properties")--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Branch and its Clients have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by Branch and their use by Clients ("Agreement(s)"). Such Agreements may contain obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information processed in the Services. Nothing in this Privacy Policy derogates from such obligations.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their Digital Properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We prohibit Clients from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
Branch collects data through various methods, including:
When the Client integrates Branch’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Digital Properties and/or ads;
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Client in connection with the measurement and analysis of Client’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with Branch;
When provided voluntarily by the Client as part of the Branch account registration process.
Clients are also required to inform us if they are using Branch’s services to analyze information protected by HIPAA so that Branch can process such information in a protected environment.
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links, Pixels
,
and Similar Technologies
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”). Since Clients have sole control over their Digital Properties and configuration of the Services, Clients are contractually prohibited from configuring the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information , unless otherwise agreed by Branch. If a Client has configured the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information, then Branch may receive and process such data. This includes, for example, a Client using an End User’s email address as a Client issued Developer ID.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) that have partnered with Branch to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf in connection with the measurement and analysis of the Client's marketing campaigns.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Subject to Agreements with our Clients, data that Branch collects through the Services is processed to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, to perform anti-fraud protection analysis, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
Where authorized by Agreements with our Clients, we may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their Digital Properties to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
, Agreements, or other contracts with us. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If your browser settings permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies-101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
, applicable Agreements, and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, global partners, and other parties who assist Branch to provide, support, and maintain the Services and the Website and need access to information we collect to do so;
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy;
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients;
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person;
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions;
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services; and
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Branch implements technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Client’s data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.branch.io/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch retains the information collected by the Services for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, Branch stores the information collected by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by Users (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), information collected from that User by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs of Users, which are used for the purpose of providing reporting and analytics to the Client, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 14 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized usage activity logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We retain the information collected by the Website for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, we store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services
: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website
: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective July 1st 2024
to
August 14th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
Branch is a deep linking and attribution analytics platform for app and website developers. We are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices ("Digital Properties")--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Branch and its Clients have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by Branch and their use by Clients ("Agreement(s)"). Such Agreements may contain obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information processed in the Services. Nothing in this Privacy Policy derogates from such obligations.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their Digital Properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We prohibit Clients from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
Branch collects data through various methods, including:
When the Client integrates Branch’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Digital Properties and/or ads;
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Client in connection with the measurement and analysis of Client’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with Branch;
When provided voluntarily by the Client as part of the Branch account registration process.
Clients are also required to inform us if they are using Branch’s services to analyze information protected by HIPAA so that Branch can process such information in a protected environment.
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links, Pixels
,
and Similar Technologies
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”). Since Clients have sole control over their Digital Properties and configuration of the Services, Clients are contractually prohibited from configuring the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information , unless otherwise agreed by Branch. If a Client has configured the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information, then Branch may receive and process such data. This includes, for example, a Client using an End User’s email address as a Client issued Developer ID.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) that have partnered with Branch to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf in connection with the measurement and analysis of the Client's marketing campaigns.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Subject to Agreements with our Clients, data that Branch collects through the Services is processed to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, to perform anti-fraud protection analysis, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
Where authorized by Agreements with our Clients, we may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their Digital Properties to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
, Agreements, or other contracts with us. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If your browser settings permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies-101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
, applicable Agreements, and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, global partners, and other parties who assist Branch to provide, support, and maintain the Services and the Website and need access to information we collect to do so;
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy;
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients;
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person;
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions;
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services; and
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Branch implements technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Client’s data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.branch.io/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch retains the information collected by the Services for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, Branch stores the information collected by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by Users (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), information collected from that User by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs of Users, which are used for the purpose of providing reporting and analytics to the Client, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized usage activity logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We retain the information collected by the Website for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, we store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services
: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website
: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective December 28th 2023
to
July 1st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
Branch is a deep linking and attribution analytics platform for app and website developers. We are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices ("Digital Properties")--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Branch and its Clients have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by Branch and their use by Clients ("Agreement(s)"). Such Agreements may contain obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information processed in the Services. Nothing in this Privacy Policy derogates from such obligations.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their Digital Properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking,
which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.  For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
Branch collects data through various methods, including:
When the Client integrates Branch’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Digital Properties and/or ads;
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Client in connection with the measurement and analysis of Client’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with Branch;
When provided voluntarily by the Client as part of the Branch account registration process;
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links, Pixels
,
and Similar Technologies
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”).
Since Clients have sole control over their Digital Properties and configuration of the Services, Clients are contractually prohibited from configuring the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information , unless otherwise agreed by Branch. If a Client has configured the Services to collect directly identifiable personal information, then Branch may receive and process such data. This includes, for example, a Client using an End User’s email address as a Client issued Developer ID.
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) that have partnered with Branch to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf in connection with the measurement and analysis of the Client's marketing campaigns.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Data that Branch collects through the Services is processed to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, to perform anti-fraud protection analysis, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their Digital Properties to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If your browser settings permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies-101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google.
We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel.
We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook.
We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift.
We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants, global partners, and other parties who assist Branch to provide, support, and maintain the Services and the Website and need access to information we collect to do so;
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy;
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients;
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person;
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions;
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services; and
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Branch implements technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Client’s data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.branch.io/security/
.  If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch
retains the information collected by the Services for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, Branch stores the information collected by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by Users (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), information collected from that User by our Services for the purposes of establishing matches between devices used by will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs of Users, which are used for the purpose of providing reporting and analytics to the Client, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized usage activity logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We retain the information collected by the Website for no more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected. For example, we store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective October 12th 2023
to
December 28th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Effective October 6, 2023
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.
For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.
For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.
For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”).
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Data Branch collects through the Services is processed:
to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.
to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.
to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public.
for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies-101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google.
We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel.
We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook.
We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift.
We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective October 7th 2023
to
October 12th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Effective October 6, 2023
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch", "us", "our" or "we") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "Clients")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ ("Users") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "Branch Services" or the "Services").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.
For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.
For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.
For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“Personal Data”).
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Data Branch collects through the Services is processed:
to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.
to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.
to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public.
for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies-101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google.
We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel.
We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook.
We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift.
We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Data Privacy Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively, “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Branch has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles (“DPF Principles”) shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Branch’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective May 8th 2023
to
October 7th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect.
We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites.
Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data.
No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "
Branch
", "
us
", "
our
" or "
we
") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "
Clients
")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ ("
Users
") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services:
This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "
Branch Services
" or the "
Services
").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes:
This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “
Website
”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website:
This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.
For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.
For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.
For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“
Personal Data
”).
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Data Branch collects through the Services is processed:
to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.
to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.
to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public.
for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies-101/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook.
We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective April 7th 2023
to
May 8th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect.
We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites.
Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data.
No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "
Branch
", "
us
", "
our
" or "
we
") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "
Clients
")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ ("
Users
") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services:
This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "
Branch Services
" or the "
Services
").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes:
This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “
Website
”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website:
This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.
For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.
For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.
For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“
Personal Data
”).
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Data Branch collects through the Services is processed:
to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.
to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.
to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public.
for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook.
We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective February 24th 2023
to
April 7th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect.
We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites.
Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data.
No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "
Branch
", "
us
", "
our
" or "
we
") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "
Clients
")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ ("
Users
") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services:
This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "
Branch Services
" or the "
Services
").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes:
This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “
Website
”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website:
This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.
For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.
For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.
For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“
Personal Data
”).
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer / Brand
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Environment
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
UI Mode
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Data Branch collects through the Services is processed:
to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.
to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.
to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public.
for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook.
We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective January 1st 2023
to
February 24th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this    summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect.
We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or            websites.
Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data.
No Branch customer can access another Branch        customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s        end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can        request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end        user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated    above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed    to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so    that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. (
"Branch"
,
"us"
,
"our"
or
"we"
) offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "
Clients
")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of    devices--to improve their end users’ ("
Users
") cross-application experiences, and to    derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes    and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our    services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services:
This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "
Branch Services
" or the "
Services
").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes:
This        section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website        located at branch.io (the “
Website
”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website:
This section lays out the        parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information    we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way    that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of    Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a    wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions    across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so    that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the    Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to    provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are    provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links,    pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using    the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution    techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these    attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform,    creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and    identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data    parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well    as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases,    these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users    with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s        connection information in real time to improve the User experience.
For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a                specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download                the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics        metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client        directly.
For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that                downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific                link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.
For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a                tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have                interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels
Top
Branch collects the following    information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites.    Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is    considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique    individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“
Personal Data
”).
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web                        HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web                        cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata                        controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for                        analytics
User                        Agent
Standard web                        browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web                        browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web                        HTTP request
Phone                        Number
(Optional) used                        only to facilitate the “Text me the app” feature if used
Engagement                        Data
Information                        relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client                        ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is                        attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages                        on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other                        interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their                        website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
SDKs are Software    Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App    SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these    SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable    law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising                        identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device                        identification and attribution
Branch Cookie                        ID
Used for device                        identification and attribution
IP                        Address
Standard web                        HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general                        location
Referer
Standard web                        browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central                        Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
System build                        version
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Internet                        connection type
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Application                        version
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Device                        model
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Operating                        system
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Operating system                        version
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Screen size                        (height, width)
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Screen                        resolution
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network                        status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Device locale                        (country and language)
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Local IP                        address
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Mobile                        platform
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK                        version
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Developer                        ID
(optional)                        Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and                        attribution
Carrier                        ID
Metadata feature                        used for device identification and attribution
Engagement                        Data
Information                        relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client                        ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is                        attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed,                        pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain                        tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other                        interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their                        application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information    identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in    their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC                        address
Used for device                        identification and attribution
Windows                        Advertising ID
Used for device                        identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device                        identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services,    Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor)    to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Data Branch collects through the Services is processed:
to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services        we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new        products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our        Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.
to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.
to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public.
for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure        more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by        law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the    data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject    to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to    understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of    consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no    longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by    clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where    Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond    the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that    you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt    out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with    the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by    participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on    a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the    privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the    device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these    settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data.    Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch,    in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature    may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using    Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by    Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (
“you”
or
“Website        Users”
) located at www.branch.io (
the “Website”
), which includes the dashboard    provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our    privacy    practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable    law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process    information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described    below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and    non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to    provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from    visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered    Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP                        Address
Standard web                        HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie                        (ours)
Standard web                        cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie                        (third-party)
Third-party web                        tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last                        Name
Used for team                        user identification
Work                        Email
Used as the                        primary login identifier
Password
Account                        registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder                        Primary Role
Account                        registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s                        selected partners
User                        Agent
Standard web                        browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web                        browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web                        HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can                        be used as a login method
Billing                        information
Payment account                        registration
Log Data
Provide the                        Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s                        selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud,                        and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder                        feedback
Help us improve                        your experience on the account dashboard
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch    by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to    answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and    advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from    Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or    web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may    include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and    navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the    Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a    real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and    continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data    files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on    our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our    marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to    our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons    after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section    below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the        Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices,        payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative        messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's        selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website        Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as        described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our        Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your        identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services        or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics        products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and        Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to        us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your    consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's    processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent    at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with    your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the    new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal    Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we    do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal    basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or    by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you    non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent    with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web    beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to    opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
,        and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand        corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we    may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt    you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to    provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services.    You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services    by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie    placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or    otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the    Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”)    that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website    through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide    measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection    and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by    Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that    live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer    information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both        Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in    our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism    to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your    information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please    select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select    the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by    our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard    technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against    unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy    of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer    secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the    “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems    continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for    specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless    otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and    analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as    determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or    pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required    by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so    long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for    record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the    “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject    Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S.    Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of    Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries    (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the    United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union    ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as    the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European    Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield    inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with    respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If    there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy    Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield    program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer    data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of    the US Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform    EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be    required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to    meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access    their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to    exercise this right may do so by contacting
privacy@branch.io
.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to    resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information    transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss    individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints    under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU    PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of    your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is    provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above    channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved    by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are    residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and    equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United    Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK Data Protection Law
”) provides    certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and    UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados    (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under    the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that    Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain    jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK        Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy    Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact
privacy@branch.io
.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a    child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please    contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information    that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at    any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and    will    indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any    questions or    suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective December 29th 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect.
We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites.
Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell customer end user data.
No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. (
"Branch"
,
"us"
,
"our"
or
"we"
) offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "
Clients
")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ ("
Users
") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services:
This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the "
Branch Services
" or the "
Services
").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes:
This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “
Website
”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website:
This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.
For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.
For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.
For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“
Personal Data
”).
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Other Parties
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Data Branch collects through the Services is processed:
to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.
to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.
to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public.
for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (
“you”
or
“Website Users”
) located at www.branch.io (
the “Website”
), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (other-party)
Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.
Connection Information with Other Parties:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website.
If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
When does Branch Disclose Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances:
With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.
To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email
support@branch.io
.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@branch.io
.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting
privacy@branch.io
.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.  See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK Data Protection Law
”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact
privacy@branch.io
.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at
privacy@branch.io
, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at
info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Effective October 11th 2022
to
December 29th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Last updated February 3, 2022
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
Top
We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. You’ll find our official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect.
We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from sharing with Branch any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites.
Our customers can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell personal data.
No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with GDPR requirements as well.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Top
Branch Metrics, Inc. (
"Branch"
,
"us"
,
"our"
or
"we"
) offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "
Clients
")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ ("
Users
") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services:
This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our products and services (the "
Branch Services
" or the "
Services
").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes:
This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from service providers and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website:
This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Top
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Top
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.
For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.
For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.
For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to share with Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to share with Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from sharing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels
Top
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“
Personal Data
”).
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Phone Number
(Optional) used only to facilitate the “Text me the app” feature if used
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Top
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Third Parties
Top
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Top
Data Branch collects through the Services is processed:
to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to infer that certain browsers and devices are operated by the same User based upon connections Branch has derived across non-affiliated apps and websites.
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch shares with Clients and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.
to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or third parties.
to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and share these reports with the public.
for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also share such data with any third parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Top
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to share information about a hotel that she found in a travel app with a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being shared from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Top
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Top
Branch collects information from Website visitors (
“you”
or
“Website Users”
) located at www.branch.io (
the “Website”
), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Top
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (third-party)
Third-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not share their passwords with anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our third-party payment and contract processors.
Third-Party Connection Information:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to share your information through your accounts with other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such third-party services, we may collect information related to your use of those third-party services, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your third-party service accounts. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected third-party services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our third-party service providers may obtain additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or third-party databases. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third-party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website. This may include mouse movements and how you scroll through the Website, but we do not collect keystroke data.
If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Top
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or third parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
Top
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
Top
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
Top
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the Do Not Track settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Third-Party Tools/Analytics on the Website
Top
The Website utilizes third-party tracking tools from third-party service providers, which may enable these third parties to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these third-party service providers may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the third parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the third parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
How does Branch Share Information?
Top
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also share information with others under the following circumstances:
With third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.
To third parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences; California Shine the Light Law
Top
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email support@branch.io.
Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us may choose to opt-out of the disclosure of Personal Data about them to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Our policy is not to disclose Personal Data collected through our Website to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval, email privacy@branch.io.
California residents who have provided us with Personal Data can also request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Data (if any) for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Data disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like such a list, please email privacy@branch.io.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Top
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at privacy@branch.io.
Our Data Retention Policy
Top
For our Services:
Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics shared with Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
Top
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or social media platforms. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
Top
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Top
Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to agent third parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Data Subject Rights
Top
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK Data Protection Law
”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Top
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If you are under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
Top
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at info@branch.io
Compliance
Top
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with Privacy Shield Principles and this Privacy Policy.
Effective June 1st 2022
to
October 11th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Last updated February 3, 2022
The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles
We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. You’ll find our official
Privacy Policy
below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful.
We limit the data we collect.
We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs. Nor do we want to. In fact, our
Terms & Conditions
prohibit our customers from sharing with Branch any kind of sensitive end-user information.
We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites.
Our customers can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions.
We do not rent or sell personal data.
No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion
here
of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with GDPR requirements as well.
Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users.
Introduction
Branch Metrics, Inc. (
"Branch"
,
"us"
,
"our"
or
"we"
) offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our "
Clients
")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ ("
Users
") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner.
This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts:
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services:
This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our products and services (the "
Branch Services
" or the "
Services
").
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes:
This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from service providers and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website:
This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Services
What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services?
Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
The Branch Services: Overview
Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity.
Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.
The key use cases of Branch’s Services are:
To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.
For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.
To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.
For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.
To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.
For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past.
Branch requires that each Client commit to share with Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to share with Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from sharing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16).
In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.
Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels
Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“
Personal Data
”).
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location
Cookie
Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution
Link Data
Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request
Phone Number
(Optional) used only to facilitate the “Text me the app” feature if used
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Information Collected by Branch SDKs
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA)
Used for device identification and attribution
Branch Cookie ID
Used for device identification and attribution
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics
Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
System build version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Internet connection type
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Application version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device model
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Manufacturer
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Operating system version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen size (height, width)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Screen resolution
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Device locale (country and language)
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Local IP address
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Mobile platform
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Branch SDK version
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Developer ID
(optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution
Carrier ID
Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution
Engagement Data
Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications.
Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
MAC address
Used for device identification and attribution
Windows Advertising ID
Used for device identification and attribution
CPU ID
Used for device identification and attribution
Information Collected By Third Parties
As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf.
How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services?
Data Branch collects through the Services is processed:
to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to infer that certain browsers and devices are operated by the same User based upon connections Branch has derived across non-affiliated apps and websites.
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law.
to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch shares with Clients and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.
to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or third parties.
to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and share these reports with the public.
for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also share such data with any third parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others.
Our Clients’ Use of Information
Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to share information about a hotel that she found in a travel app with a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being shared from its app.
We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our
Terms & Conditions
. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services.
User Choices
Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below.
Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out:
Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking
here
. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device.
NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out:
Branch is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available
here
.
Device-Based Opt-Out:
You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request
here
.
Device Identifiers:
To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings.
Client App Opt-out Controls:
Branch‘s
SDK Privacy Controls
allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User.
Engagement Builder:
Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch.
Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes
What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers?
Branch collects information from Website visitors (
“you”
or
“Website Users”
) located at www.branch.io (
the “Website”
), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below.
What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website
Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.
Dashboard Information:
Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law:
Type of Information Collected
Purpose
IP Address
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls
Cookie (ours)
Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management
Cookie (third-party)
Third-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence
First, Last Name
Used for team user identification
Work Email
Used as the primary login identifier
Password
Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud
Account Holder Primary Role
Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners
User Agent
Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls
Referer
Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics
Request
Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics
Github ID
(optional) Can be used as a login method
Billing information
Payment account registration
Log Data
Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law
Account holder feedback
Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard
We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not share their passwords with anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below.
When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”).
Account and Billing Information:
To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our third-party payment and contract processors.
Third-Party Connection Information:
Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to share your information through your accounts with other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such third-party services, we may collect information related to your use of those third-party services, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your third-party service accounts. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected third-party services.
Information from Other Sources:
In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our third-party service providers may obtain additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or third-party databases. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs.
Communications with Branch:
Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes.
Research/Survey Solicitations:
From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third-party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.
Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons:
We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website. This may include mouse movements and how you scroll through the Website, but we do not collect keystroke data.
If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below.
How Does Branch Use the Information Collected?
Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;
to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;
to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”;
to conduct research;
to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;
to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;
for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;
to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information;
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;
with your consent; or
where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or third parties, or where required by law.
Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms
In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data).
Opt Out from Promotional Emails
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out
this form
. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using
this form
. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services.
Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons
We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out:
For dashboard users, visit
https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user
, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.
For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (
https://branch.io/
), and click on the opt-out link.
Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the Do Not Track settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies.
Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Third-Party Tools/Analytics on the Website
The Website utilizes third-party tracking tools from third-party service providers, which may enable these third parties to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these third-party service providers may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. All of these tools are hosted by the third parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the third parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below.
Google
. We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Mixpanel
. We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.
Facebook
. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Drift
. We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address.
Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website
How does Branch Share Information?
In addition to the ways described in our
Terms & Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also share information with others under the following circumstances:
With third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.
With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.
To third parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.
To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.
To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences; California Shine the Light Law
We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email support@branch.io.
Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us may choose to opt-out of the disclosure of Personal Data about them to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Our policy is not to disclose Personal Data collected through our Website to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval, email privacy@branch.io.
California residents who have provided us with Personal Data can also request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Data (if any) for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Data disclosed to those parties.  If you are a California resident and would like such a list, please email privacy@branch.io.
We Secure the Information We Collect
Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at privacy@branch.io.
Our Data Retention Policy
For our Services:
Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Aggregated reporting metrics shared with Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.
Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public.
For the Website:
We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below.
Links to Other Websites
The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or social media platforms. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
International Data Transfers
All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.
Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States
Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S.
Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to agent third parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at privacy@branch.io
Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.  See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Data Subject Rights
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available
here
.
Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK Data Protection Law
”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth
here
.
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth
here
.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Services:
The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch
SDK Privacy Controls
that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately.
Website:
The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If you are under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information.
Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Branch Metrics, Inc.
195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101
Palo Alto, CA 94306
or by email at info@branch.io
Compliance
This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with Privacy Shield Principles and this Privacy Policy.
Effective January 13th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Branch Metrics, Inc. Privacy Policy For Job Applicants and Personnel
Welcome to Branch! We are the leading mobile linking platform, with solutions that unify user experience and measurement across different devices, platforms, and channels. This Privacy Policy for Job Applicants and Personnel (the “Policy”) describes the information Branch Metrics, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries (“
Branch
”, “We”, “Us”) collect, as well as how we use, retain, share and delete that information as part of our recruiting and employment functions, including for current and former employees, contractors, consultants, interns, and workers.
We may update this Policy at any time. We may also provide you additional privacy notices regarding our collection, use, or disclosure of information. Please read this Policy and any other privacy notices carefully.
This Policy does not form part of any employment contract or contract to provide services. In addition, if you provide services to Branch through or in connection with another company, we are not responsible for that company’s privacy practices.
This Policy does not apply to our handling of data gathered about you when you use the services of Branch customers for which Branch technology is integrated. When you interact with us in that role, the privacy policy associated with the relevant Branch customer applies. This Policy also does not apply to our handling of data gathered about you in your role as a user of our services, such as Branch Discovery. When you interact with us in that role, the privacy policy of the relevant service applies.
This Policy will be accessible via our human resource information system and is made available to new employees as part of the onboarding process.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Branch is a United States company. By performing services for Branch as an employee, contractor, consultant, intern, or worker, you agree that your information will be transferred to and stored within the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that applicable data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws of your local jurisdiction. Branch implements safeguards necessary to comply with the GDPR and other applicable privacy laws.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This policy covers the information we collect during the application and recruiting process. This data, which may be collected directly from you or third parties, includes:
Identifiers, such as your name, email address, phone number, and other information about you, and such information about your beneficiaries or emergency contacts;
Your resume or CV, cover letter, copies of identification documents, such as driver’s licenses, passports, visas, background reports, and any other personal information you submit as part of your employment application;
Career information such as work experience, job titles, work dates and work locations, performance information, information about skills, qualifications, experience, publications, and speaking engagements; absence and leave records; professional memberships; disciplinary and grievance information; and termination information;
Financial information, such as information that may be necessary for the administration of payroll, and bank account and tax information;
Business travel and expense information, such as travel itinerary information, corporate expenses, and Branch credit card usage;
Education information, such as institutions attended, degrees, certifications, training courses, publications, and transcript information;
Legally protected classification information, such as sensitive information you submit as part of the application or recruitment process, including demographic information, health information, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, marital status, nationality, and ethnicity;
Sensitive personal information, such as Social Security Number, passport number, and driver’s license number. Some other information, such as legally protected classification information, may be considered “sensitive personal information” under California law;
Electronic and other workplace monitoring information. We may monitor your activity (including online activity) on Branch networks or Branch-issued technology (e.g., smartphones, laptops, tablets, etc.);
Internet, electronic network, and device activity and device information and related identifiers such as information about your use of the Branch network, information, and communication systems, including user IDs, passwords, IP addresses, device IDs, web logs, metadata, and audit trails of system access;
Audio or visual information, such as CCTV footage, as well as other information relating to the security of our premises; recorded presentations in which you participate; and photographs taken at Branch functions;
Medical information about you, and, if applicable, your beneficiaries, such as dependent information, spousal or partner information, health information, sickness records, and medical conditions;
Other information that directly or indirectly identifies you, such as date and place of birth, citizenship, and permanent residence (and such information about your dependents or emergency contacts); and information on any publicly available social media profile of yours that mentions your connection to us or our services.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Branch collects personal information about you to carry out the application and recruitment process, and to support day-to-day business and human resources functions and activities, including:
For talent acquisition and employee lifecycle management purposes, such as recruiting and hiring job applicants (including, where permitted by and in compliance with applicable law, conducting background checks), administering employee compensation and benefits, soliciting survey feedback to improve the employee experience, and managing the employee termination process;
For performance management purposes, including performance reviews, employee mobility and talent development, and attendance monitoring;
For operational purposes, such as for processing payroll, administering benefits, managing the company directory, accounting for purchases by employees, managing workplace safety and security, managing Branch’s network and systems, and developing business continuity and disaster recovery plans;
For policy enforcement purposes, such as conducting ethics and disciplinary investigations, administering and enforcing privacy and security training programs, and managing audit and compliance matters;
To comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal processes, or enforceable government requests as necessary; and
To exercise our legal rights, including seeking advice from our external lawyers or in connection with litigation with a third party.
Certain information we collect may be “sensitive personal information” under California law. We use such information as legally necessary to conduct our relationship with you, in the following ways:
Social Security Number or government identifiers such as passport number, driver’s license number, or state ID card number for legal compliance, payroll, benefits, tax, and immigration purposes;
Health information, which may include disability status, to provide reasonable workplace accommodations and manage absences, for workplace health and safety purposes, and for compliance with applicable law and contracts or to exercise rights thereunder;
Racial/ethnic origin, sexual orientation, and/or disability status for equal opportunity and diversity and inclusion purposes and compliance with applicable law, or to exercise rights thereunder.
If you are offered and accept employment with Branch, the information collected during the application and recruitment process will become part of your employment record.
IF YOU ARE A EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA"), UNITED KINGDOM (“UK”), OR BRAZIL DATA SUBJECT, OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
We collect and process information you provide us to assess the potential for entering an employment contract with you. Our legal bases for processing your information include: (1) where you have provided consent; (2) where necessary for the performance of a contract with you; (3) for compliance with a legal obligation; or (4) for our legitimate interests in managing and administering business and human resources functions and activities, as described above. If you do not provide this data, we may be unable in some circumstances to comply with our obligations and we will tell you about the implications of that decision.
HOW INFORMATION IS SHARED
We do not share your personal information except in the limited circumstances described below:
WHEN YOU AGREE OR DIRECT US TO SHARE
You may agree or direct us to share your personal information with others as part of your employment with Branch. For example, in certain jurisdictions, consent may be legally required for Branch to perform a background check.
FOR EXTERNAL PROCESSING
We may share your personal data with our employees, contractors, consultants and other parties (including Branch affiliates) who require such information to assist us with establishing, managing or terminating our employment relationship with you. We may also share your personal data with service providers, including technology and analytics providers that assist us with operating our business, or with other parties in a manner consistent with the use and disclosure provisions of this Policy.
We may also provide your information to another entity (such as a potential or existing business counterparty or customer) with a means of contacting you in the normal course of business, for example, by providing your contact details, such as your phone number and email address.
FOR LEGAL REASONS OR TO PREVENT HARM
We may preserve or disclose information about you to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to assert legal rights or defend against legal claims; or to prevent, detect, or investigate illegal activity, fraud, abuse, violations of our terms, or threats to the security of the Services or the physical safety of any person.
Please note: Our policy is to notify you of legal process seeking access to your information, such as search warrants, court orders, or subpoenas, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so. Exceptions to our notice policy include exigent or counterproductive circumstances, for example, when there is an emergency involving a danger of death or serious physical injury to a person.
TRANSFER OF BUSINESS ASSETS
If we are involved in an actual or contemplated merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we may share your information. We will continue to take measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information and give affected users notice before transferring any personal information to a new entity.
Additionally, Branch may share or sell aggregated, de-identified data that does not identify you with our partners and the public. When we provide this information, we perform appropriate procedures so that the data does not identify you and we contractually prohibit recipients of the data from re-identifying it back to you.
HOW TO ACCESS OR DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may contact your local HR representative for information about how to access or delete information Branch stores related to your employment. You may also request information by submitting a request
here
, by sending an email to
privacy@branch.io
, or by leaving a message at +1-650-209-6461.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
For EEA, UK, Brazil, and Korea-based roles, job applications will be deleted within two years unless otherwise required by applicable law.
All other personal information will be retained for as long as necessary to satisfy the purposes for which it was collected. These purposes may include to comply with reporting, legal, and accounting obligations. We determine retention periods by evaluating our legal obligations and our legitimate business interests (such as backing up systems or maintaining our organizational history).
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL DATA
RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM, OR BRAZIL
Applicants and employees within the EEA, UK, and Brazil have certain rights under the GDPR and other applicable data protection laws. These include the right to request access or to update your information, request that it be deleted, or object to Branch using it for certain purposes.
If you wish to exercise a right of access please submit your request to us
here
, or contact
privacy@branch.io
. We will respond to any requests in accordance with applicable law, and so there may be circumstances where we are not able to comply with your request.
If you are located within the EEA, UK, or Brazil and you can’t find the answer to your question in this policy, you may contact us at
privacy@branch.io
. Depending on your country of residence, you may also raise any questions or concerns you have regarding your personal information with your local data protection authority.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
You may also have certain rights regarding your personal information. Subject to certain exceptions, you may request:
access to your personal information including the right to obtain confirmation that we are processing your personal information and the right to know the categories of personal information we have or will collect about you and the reason we will or have collected such information;
correction of the personal information that we have or will hold about you that is inaccurate;
deletion or removal of your personal information.
Exceptions to Your Rights: There are certain exceptions to these rights. For instance, we may retain your personal information if it is reasonably necessary for us or our service providers to provide a service that you have requested or to comply with law or to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in California law) for exercising your rights.
We also will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request. In doing so, we may ask you for verification information so that we can match at least two verification points with information we maintain in our files about you. If we are unable to verify you through this method, we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to request additional information from you.
You can have an authorized representative make the request on your behalf, and they will need to also provide verification of identity.
California law also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt out under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
California law places certain obligations on businesses that “sell” personal information to third parties or “share” personal information with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising. We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information covered by this Policy and have not done so in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Policy.
ADHERENCE TO BRANCH POLICIES
Anyone who is hired by Branch will be required to adhere to all Branch policies, where consistent with applicable local law. Failure to adhere to such policies may result in discipline up to, and including, termination. All individuals whose responsibilities include the processing of personal data on Branch’s behalf are expected to protect that data by adherence to Branch’s Privacy Policy.
If you have any concerns regarding how your data is processed, you can contact Branch’s Data Protection Officer at:
privacy@branch.io
.
Effective January 12th 2023
to
January 13th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Branch Metrics, Inc. Privacy Policy For Job Applicants and Personnel
Welcome to Branch! We are the leading mobile linking platform, with solutions that unify user experience and measurement across different devices, platforms, and channels. This Privacy Policy for Job Applicants and Personnel (the “Policy”) describes the information Branch Metrics, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries (“
Branch
”, “We”, “Us”) collect, as well as how we use, retain, share and delete that information as part of our recruiting and employment functions, including for current and former employees, contractors, consultants, interns, and workers.
We may update this Policy at any time. We may also provide you additional privacy notices regarding our collection, use, or disclosure of information. Please read this Policy and any other privacy notices carefully.
This Policy does not form part of any employment contract or contract to provide services. In addition, if you provide services to Branch through or in connection with another company, we are not responsible for that company’s privacy practices.
This Policy does not apply to our handling of data gathered about you when you use the services of Branch customers for which Branch technology is integrated. When you interact with us in that role, the privacy policy associated with the relevant Branch customer applies. This Policy also does not apply to our handling of data gathered about you in your role as a user of our services, such as Branch Navigator. When you interact with us in that role, the privacy policy of the relevant service applies.
This Policy will be accessible via our human resource information system and is made available to new employees as part of the onboarding process.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Branch is a United States company. By performing services for Branch as an employee, contractor, consultant, intern, or worker, you agree that your information will be transferred to and stored within the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that applicable data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws of your local jurisdiction. Branch implements safeguards necessary to comply with the GDPR and other applicable privacy laws.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This policy covers the information we collect during the application and recruiting process. This data, which may be collected directly from you or third parties, includes:
Identifiers, such as your name, email address, phone number, and other information about you, and such information about your beneficiaries or emergency contacts;
Your resume or CV, cover letter, copies of identification documents, such as driver’s licenses, passports, visas, background reports, and any other personal information you submit as part of your employment application;
Career information such as work experience, job titles, work dates and work locations, performance information, information about skills, qualifications, experience, publications, and speaking engagements; absence and leave records; professional memberships; disciplinary and grievance information; and termination information;
Financial information, such as information that may be necessary for the administration of payroll, and bank account and tax information;
Business travel and expense information, such as travel itinerary information, corporate expenses, and Branch credit card usage;
Education information, such as institutions attended, degrees, certifications, training courses, publications, and transcript information;
Legally protected classification information, such as sensitive information you submit as part of the application or recruitment process, including demographic information, health information, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, marital status, nationality, and ethnicity;
Sensitive personal information, such as Social Security Number, passport number, and driver’s license number. Some other information, such as legally protected classification information, may be considered “sensitive personal information” under California law;
Electronic and other workplace monitoring information. We may monitor your activity (including online activity) on Branch networks or Branch-issued technology (e.g., smartphones, laptops, tablets, etc.);
Internet, electronic network, and device activity and device information and related identifiers such as information about your use of the Branch network, information, and communication systems, including user IDs, passwords, IP addresses, device IDs, web logs, metadata, and audit trails of system access;
Audio or visual information, such as CCTV footage, as well as other information relating to the security of our premises; recorded presentations in which you participate; and photographs taken at Branch functions;
Medical information about you, and, if applicable, your beneficiaries, such as dependent information, spousal or partner information, health information, sickness records, and medical conditions;
Other information that directly or indirectly identifies you, such as date and place of birth, citizenship, and permanent residence (and such information about your dependents or emergency contacts); and information on any publicly available social media profile of yours that mentions your connection to us or our services.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Branch collects personal information about you to carry out the application and recruitment process, and to support day-to-day business and human resources functions and activities, including:
For talent acquisition and employee lifecycle management purposes, such as recruiting and hiring job applicants (including, where permitted by and in compliance with applicable law, conducting background checks), administering employee compensation and benefits, soliciting survey feedback to improve the employee experience, and managing the employee termination process;
For performance management purposes, including performance reviews, employee mobility and talent development, and attendance monitoring;
For operational purposes, such as for processing payroll, administering benefits, managing the company directory, accounting for purchases by employees, managing workplace safety and security, managing Branch’s network and systems, and developing business continuity and disaster recovery plans;
For policy enforcement purposes, such as conducting ethics and disciplinary investigations, administering and enforcing privacy and security training programs, and managing audit and compliance matters;
To comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal processes, or enforceable government requests as necessary; and
To exercise our legal rights, including seeking advice from our external lawyers or in connection with litigation with a third party.
Certain information we collect may be “sensitive personal information” under California law. We use such information as legally necessary to conduct our relationship with you, in the following ways:
Social Security Number or government identifiers such as passport number, driver’s license number, or state ID card number for legal compliance, payroll, benefits, tax, and immigration purposes;
Health information, which may include disability status, to provide reasonable workplace accommodations and manage absences, for workplace health and safety purposes, and for compliance with applicable law and contracts or to exercise rights thereunder;
Racial/ethnic origin, sexual orientation, and/or disability status for equal opportunity and diversity and inclusion purposes and compliance with applicable law, or to exercise rights thereunder.
If you are offered and accept employment with Branch, the information collected during the application and recruitment process will become part of your employment record.
IF YOU ARE A EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA"), UNITED KINGDOM (“UK”), OR BRAZIL DATA SUBJECT, OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
We collect and process information you provide us to assess the potential for entering an employment contract with you. Our legal bases for processing your information include: (1) where you have provided consent; (2) where necessary for the performance of a contract with you; (3) for compliance with a legal obligation; or (4) for our legitimate interests in managing and administering business and human resources functions and activities, as described above. If you do not provide this data, we may be unable in some circumstances to comply with our obligations and we will tell you about the implications of that decision.
HOW INFORMATION IS SHARED
We do not share your personal information except in the limited circumstances described below:
WHEN YOU AGREE OR DIRECT US TO SHARE
You may agree or direct us to share your personal information with others as part of your employment with Branch. For example, in certain jurisdictions, consent may be legally required for Branch to perform a background check.
FOR EXTERNAL PROCESSING
We may share your personal data with our employees, contractors, consultants and other parties (including Branch affiliates) who require such information to assist us with establishing, managing or terminating our employment relationship with you. We may also share your personal data with service providers, including technology and analytics providers that assist us with operating our business, or with other parties in a manner consistent with the use and disclosure provisions of this Policy.
We may also provide your information to another entity (such as a potential or existing business counterparty or customer) with a means of contacting you in the normal course of business, for example, by providing your contact details, such as your phone number and email address.
FOR LEGAL REASONS OR TO PREVENT HARM
We may preserve or disclose information about you to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to assert legal rights or defend against legal claims; or to prevent, detect, or investigate illegal activity, fraud, abuse, violations of our terms, or threats to the security of the Services or the physical safety of any person.
Please note: Our policy is to notify you of legal process seeking access to your information, such as search warrants, court orders, or subpoenas, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so. Exceptions to our notice policy include exigent or counterproductive circumstances, for example, when there is an emergency involving a danger of death or serious physical injury to a person.
TRANSFER OF BUSINESS ASSETS
If we are involved in an actual or contemplated merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we may share your information. We will continue to take measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information and give affected users notice before transferring any personal information to a new entity.
Additionally, Branch may share or sell aggregated, de-identified data that does not identify you with our partners and the public. When we provide this information, we perform appropriate procedures so that the data does not identify you and we contractually prohibit recipients of the data from re-identifying it back to you.
HOW TO ACCESS OR DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may contact your local HR representative for information about how to access or delete information Branch stores related to your employment. You may also request information by sending an email to
privacy@branch.io
, or by leaving a message at +1-650-209-6461.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
For EEA, UK, Brazil, and Korea-based roles, job applications will be deleted within two years unless otherwise required by applicable law.
All other personal information will be retained for as long as necessary to satisfy the purposes for which it was collected. These purposes may include to comply with reporting, legal, and accounting obligations. We determine retention periods by evaluating our legal obligations and our legitimate business interests (such as backing up systems or maintaining our organizational history).
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL DATA
RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM, OR BRAZIL
Applicants and employees within the EEA, UK, and Brazil have certain rights under the GDPR and other applicable data protection laws. These include the right to request access or to update your information, request that it be deleted, or object to Branch using it for certain purposes.
If you wish to exercise a right of access please contact
privacy@branch.io
. We will respond to any requests in accordance with applicable law, and so there may be circumstances where we are not able to comply with your request.
If you are located within the EEA, UK, or Brazil and you can’t find the answer to your question in this policy, you may contact us at
privacy@branch.io
. Depending on your country of residence, you may also raise any questions or concerns you have regarding your personal information with your local data protection authority.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
You may also have certain rights regarding your personal information. Subject to certain exceptions, you may request:
access to your personal information including the right to obtain confirmation that we are processing your personal information and the right to know the categories of personal information we have or will collect about you and the reason we will or have collected such information;
correction of the personal information that we have or will hold about you that is inaccurate;
deletion or removal of your personal information.
Exceptions to Your Rights: There are certain exceptions to these rights. For instance, we may retain your personal information if it is reasonably necessary for us or our service providers to provide a service that you have requested or to comply with law or to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in California law) for exercising your rights.
We also will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request. In doing so, we may ask you for verification information so that we can match at least two verification points with information we maintain in our files about you. If we are unable to verify you through this method, we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to request additional information from you.
California law also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt out under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
California law places certain obligations on businesses that “sell” personal information to third parties or “share” personal information with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising. We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information covered by this Policy and have not done so in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Policy.
Adherence to Branch Policies
Anyone who is hired by Branch will be required to adhere to all Branch policies, where consistent with applicable local law. Failure to adhere to such policies may result in discipline up to, and including, termination. All individuals whose responsibilities include the processing of personal data on Branch’s behalf are expected to protect that data by adherence to Branch’s Privacy Policy.
If you have any concerns regarding how your data is processed, you can contact Branch’s Data Protection Officer at:
privacy@branch.io
.
Effective November 19th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Professional Services Hours Statement of Work
This Professional Services Hours Statement of Work (“
SOW
”) describes the certain services (“
Professional Services
”) to be performed by Branch Metrics, Inc. (“
Branch
”) for Customer (each a “
Party
”, collectively the “
Parties
”) and is effective as of the date of Customer's Order Form (the “
Effective Date
”). By executing this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(the “
PS Terms
”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this SOW and any Order Form referencing this SOW, the SOW shall control.
I. SCOPE OF PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
Branch provides Professional Services in the form of Customer Professional Services hours and services to Customer within the scope of work set forth below (the “
Project
”). Subject to the terms and conditions of this SOW, the PS Terms, the executed order form between the parties (“
the Order Form
”), and the applicable Terms and Conditions or Master Services Agreement, Customer shall be entitled to the number of Professional Services Hours specified in the Order Form. Branch’s provision of Professional Services is contingent on Customer’s payment of all applicable fees under the Order Form and adherence to the aforementioned contracts. Branch and Customer (collectively, the “
Project Team
”) will each commit reasonable resources as needed to support the execution and completion of the Project in accordance with this SOW.
II. SCOPE OF WORK
Branch reserves the right to define and adjust the Professional Services provided within the Professional Services Hours, aiming to facilitate the Customer’s enablement of and onboarding to Branch's platform during the term specified in the Order Form (the “
Term
”). The following services may be offered by Branch but will vary depending upon the actual scope of work as determined by the parties during the initial consultation:
Engagement Initiation & Planning
Branch's Role:
Supporting project management tasks, as deemed necessary, to ensure the successful completion of the Project.
Provide the following resources to assist the Customer during the engagement: Project Guides, Project Tracker, Quality Assurance (QA) Plan, Question & Answer Tracker, Project Summary/Go-Forward Guide, links to Branch University, and a Training Guide.
Customer Requirements:
The Customer must assign a single Project Owner before the project kickoff to coordinate customer-side tasks for all Branch products.
The Customer is required to allocate adequate resources and time to ensure successful integration with Branch and effective enablement of Branch's products.
Engagement Execution & Delivery
Branch's Role:
Provide and facilitate 45 to 60-minute one-time sessions with Customer Stakeholders, including kickoffs, introductions, discovery, overviews, and training workshops, as determined by Branch.
Technical workshops will be conducted as per Branch's discretion, covering various aspects relevant to the project.
Recurring sessions may be scheduled by Branch, with the frequency and content of these sessions subject to Branch's assessment.
Branch may support implementation, audit, or expansion tasks as they relate to the Branch platform or products.
Advising on ad-hoc requests for support related to new use case implementation advisory, consultation to optimize existing implementation with best practices, or implementation validation.
Business Strategy analysis and/or workshops to support best practice consultation, mobile growth potential, peer benchmarks, and use case or channel prioritization.
Customer Participation:
The Project Owner must actively participate in scheduled meetings and assist in keeping internal Customer resources focused and responsive to Branch's requests.
The Customer shall collaborate with Branch in identifying and ensuring the availability of internal stakeholders necessary for the project’s success.
The Customer will provide Branch with the best available data and resources as needed to complete analysis.
Engagement Testing & Quality Assurance
Branch's Role:
Provide guidance as it deems necessary for testing the integration and ensuring the products function as intended.
Customer Participation:
The Project Owner must actively participate in prioritizing testing & quality assurance with internal Customer resources focused and responsive to Branch's guidance.
The Customer shall collaborate with Branch in identifying and ensuring the availability of internal stakeholders necessary for testing and quality assurance.
Engagement Project Close
At the end of the Term, Branch may deliver a summary of the Project, including any outstanding work, to the Customer.
The Project Team will coordinate in good-faith to allocate the Professional Services Hours, of the nature and scope specified below, to facilitate Customer’s enablement of and onboarding to Branch’s platform during the Term (the “Scope of Work”).
III. CUSTOMER PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The following table sets forth standard Customer roles (not individuals) and expectations. Customer acknowledges its participation in the Project, including the assignment and fulfillment of these roles, is essential to the Project’s timely completion and success. The chart below is Branch’s estimate of frequency and hours expected for successful engagement. These estimates may vary depending upon the scope of a given project and must be confirmed in writing if deviating from these expectations.
Role
Responsibility
Frequency
Estimated Hours
Sponsor
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful Project Completion, and promote process change where necessary.
Once
4 Hours
Project Manager
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings;
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations;
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners; &
Participating in Project meetings.
Weekly
5-7 Hours Per Week
Administrator
Responsible for ongoing administration of Branch’s Services, once Professional Services are delivered.
Manages user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoption.
Manages the organization’s ongoing use of Branch’s Services.
Weekly
2 Hours Per Week
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration and identification of exceptions/risks.
Attends Project meetings related to area of ownership.
Assists in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices.
Participates in user acceptance testing activities.
Weekly
5-7 Hours Per Week
Extended Team
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project.
Weekly
2-3 Hours Per Week
IV. GENERAL TERMS
The Parties acknowledge and agree on the following:
Professional Services.
The Professional Services will be rendered only for the Branch App ID(s) specified in the Order Form. Upon the Effective Date, Customer will: (i) allocate appropriate resources necessary to support the completion of the Project, (ii) delegate a single Project Owner prior to commencement of the Project; (iii) test Branch integration and products for quality assurance purposes to ensure that the Branch integration and products are working as intended; and (iv) grant all necessary access rights and permissions to Branch’s Project team members to enable them to perform integration development and testing.
Professional Services Hours.
For services rendered, Branch shall account for time expended in hourly increments by deducting from the pre-purchased pool of Professional Services Hours. Records of service hours and remaining Professional Services Hours will be maintained and provided to the Customer on a periodic basis. Once the Professional Services Hours are fully consumed, Branch will notify the Customer. The Customer may opt to purchase additional hours per the terms and conditions in this SOW.
These pre-purchased Professional Service Hours will expire upon the conclusion of the Term. Customer will not be entitled to any refund or service credit for expired or unused Professional Services Hours. Customer may purchase additional Professional Service hours (“
Additional Hours
”) by following the Change Order Process. Professional Services Hours may only be utilized as specified in the delineated categories under Section II, Scope of Work.
Requesting Hours.
Customer may utilize the Professional Services Hours during the Term of this SOW by requesting usage of the hours 30 days prior to the intended use date, unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by the parties. A customer may request a maximum of 50 of its Professional Services Hours to be used in a given calendar month, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing.
Change Order Process
. A Customer may request to purchase Additional Hours or request modification to this SOW by submitting a written request via email to its respective point of contact. Upon receipt, Branch will prepare an updated quote for review, which may include modification or clarification on the scope of work requested. Branch reserves the right to offer Additional Hours at a different pricing structure than the Professional Services Hours. Acceptance of this offer will only occur after Customer affirmatively responds to the updated quote with explicit authorization to proceed with the Change Order at the price quoted by Branch.
V. OUT OF SCOPE
Customer acknowledges and agrees that:
Professional Services Hours Limitation
: Any work exceeding the Professional Services Hours as stipulated in Section I of this SOW will not be undertaken by the Vendor unless explicitly agreed upon in a separate written agreement or through a duly executed Change Order.
Scope of Work Boundary
: Work that falls outside the defined Scope of Work in Section II is deemed out-of-scope and will not be performed under the terms of this SOW. Should the Customer require any additional work that is not encompassed within the current Scope of Work, such work may only be incorporated into this Statement of Work through a mutually agreed upon separate written addendum or an approved Change Order as outlined in Section IV.
Out-of-Scope Work Includes, But Is Not Limited To
:
Code Creation
: Any development or scripting not explicitly outlined in the Scope of Work.
Unlisted Applications
: Services or time devoted to applications not specifically enumerated in this SOW.
Testing and QA
: Comprehensive testing and quality assurance of Branch App ID(s) or other components not detailed in this SOW.
Additional Collaborative Efforts
: Workshops, meetings, or any form of collaborative engagement beyond those listed in this SOW.
Link Template Management
: Ongoing management or modifications of link templates post-implementation.
Post-Completion Support
: Resolution of issues, break fixes, or any support services after the project reaches its completion stage as defined in this SOW.
By executing this SOW, the Customer expressly consents to these limitations and acknowledges that any request for out-of-scope work will require additional negotiation and formal documentation through a Change Order or separate agreement.
VI. PROJECT FEES & BILLING
.
As consideration for the Professional Services Hours and provision of the Professional Services, Customer will pay Branch the fees specified in the Order Form.
Customers shall pay the Project Fees to Branch within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Customer is responsible for the integration and launch of the Services. Customer must pay the Project Fees regardless if the actual implementation is completed. If Customer disputes any portion of the invoiced fees, then Customer must adhere to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all undisputed amounts will be paid in accordance with the terms in this Order Form, and (ii) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io within ninety (90) days of the invoice date. If payment by Customer for any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch's rights or remedies, those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% (or the maximum rate permitted by law) of the outstanding balance per month.
If Customer utilizes all of its Professional Services Hours and desires additional Professional Services, then Customer may request the reservation of additional hours of Professional Service resources from Branch at a rate specified in the Change Order.
Effective September 23rd 2024
to
November 19th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Professional Services Hours Statement of Work
This Professional Services Hours Statement of Work (“
SOW
”) describes the certain services (“
Professional Services
”) to be performed by Branch Metrics, Inc. (“
Branch
”) for Customer (each a “
Party
”, collectively the “
Parties
”) and is effective as of the date of Customer's Order Form (the “
Effective Date
”). By executing this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(the “
PS Terms
”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this SOW and any Order Form referencing this SOW, the SOW shall control.
SCOPE OF PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
Branch provides Professional Services in the form of Customer Professional Services hours and services to Customer within the scope of work set forth below (the “
Project
”). Subject to the terms and conditions of this SOW, the PS Terms, the executed order form between the parties (“the
Order Form
”), and the applicable Terms and Conditions or Master Services Agreement, Customer shall be entitled to the number of Professional Services Hours specified in the Order Form. Branch’s provision of Professional Services is contingent on Customer’s payment of all applicable fees under the Order Form and adherence to the aforementioned contracts.   Branch and Customer (collectively, the “
Project Team
”) will each commit reasonable resources as needed to support the execution and completion of the Project in accordance with this SOW.
SCOPE OF WORK
Branch reserves the right to define and adjust the Professional Services provided within the Professional Services Hours, aiming to facilitate the Customer’s enablement of and onboarding to Branch's platform during the term specified in the Order Form (the “
Term
”). The following services may be offered by Branch but will vary depending upon the actual scope of work as determined by the parties during the initial consultation:
Engagement Initiation & Planning
Branch's Role:
Supporting project management tasks, as deemed necessary, to ensure the successful completion of the Project.
Provide the following resources to assist the Customer during the engagement: Project Guides, Project Tracker, Quality Assurance (QA) Plan, Question & Answer Tracker, Project Summary/Go-Forward Guide, links to Branch University, and a Training Guide.
Customer Requirements:
The Customer must assign a single Project Owner before the project kickoff to coordinate customer-side tasks for all Branch products.
The Customer is required to allocate adequate resources and time to ensure successful integration with Branch and effective enablement of Branch's products.
Engagement Execution & Delivery
Branch's Role:
Provide and facilitate 45 to 60-minute one-time sessions with Customer Stakeholders, including kickoffs, introductions, discovery, overviews, and training workshops, as determined by Branch.
Technical workshops will be conducted as per Branch's discretion, covering various aspects relevant to the project.
Recurring sessions may be scheduled by Branch, with the frequency and content of these sessions subject to Branch's assessment.
Branch may support implementation, audit, or expansion tasks as they relate to the Branch platform or products.
Advising on ad-hoc requests for support related to new use case implementation advisory, consultation to optimize existing implementation with best practices, or implementation validation.
Customer Participation:
The Project Owner must actively participate in scheduled meetings and assist in keeping internal Customer resources focused and responsive to Branch's requests.
The Customer shall collaborate with Branch in identifying and ensuring the availability of internal stakeholders necessary for the project’s success.
Engagement Testing & Quality Assurance
Branch's Role:
Provide guidance as it deems necessary for testing the integration and ensuring the products function as intended.
Customer Participation:
The Project Owner must actively participate in prioritizing testing & quality assurance with internal Customer resources focused and responsive to Branch's guidance.
The Customer shall collaborate with Branch in identifying and ensuring the availability of internal stakeholders necessary for testing and quality assurance.
Engagement Project Close
At the end of the Term, Branch may deliver a summary of the Project, including any outstanding work, to the Customer.
The Project Team will coordinate in good-faith to allocate the Professional Services Hours, of the nature and scope specified below, to facilitate Customer’s enablement of and onboarding to Branch’s platform during the Term (the “
Scope of Work
”).
CUSTOMER PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The following table sets forth standard Customer roles (not individuals) and expectations. Customer acknowledges its participation in the Project, including the assignment and fulfillment of these roles, is essential to the Project’s timely completion and success. The chart below is Branch’s estimate of frequency and hours expected for successful engagement. These estimates may vary depending upon the scope of a given project and must be confirmed in writing if deviating from these expectations.
Role
Responsibility
Frequency
Estimated Hours
Sponsor
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful Project Completion, and promote process change where necessary
Once
4 Hours
Project Manager
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners
Participating in Project meetings
Weekly
5-7 Hours Per Week
Administrator
Responsible for ongoing administration of Branch’s Services, once Professional Services are delivered
Manages user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoption
Manages the organization’s ongoing use of Branch’s Services
Weekly
2 Hours Per Week
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration and identification of exceptions/risks
Attends Project meetings related to area of ownership
Assists in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices
Participates in user acceptance testing activities
Weekly
5-7 Hours Per Week
Extended Team
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project
Weekly
2-3 Hours Per Week
IV.
GENERAL TERMS
The Parties acknowledge and agree on the following:
Professional Services.
The Professional Services will be rendered only for the Branch App ID(s) specified in the Order Form. Upon the Effective Date, Customer will: (i) allocate appropriate resources necessary to support the completion of the Project, (ii) delegate a single Project Owner prior to commencement of the Project; (iii) test Branch integration and products for quality assurance purposes to ensure that the Branch integration and products are working as intended; and (iv) grant all necessary access rights and permissions to Branch’s Project team members to enable them to perform integration development and testing.
Professional Services Hours.
For services rendered, Branch shall account for time expended in hourly increments by deducting from the pre-purchased pool of Professional Services Hours. Records of service hours and remaining Professional Services Hours will be maintained and provided to the Customer on a periodic basis. Once the Professional Services Hours are fully consumed, Branch will notify the Customer. The Customer may opt to purchase additional hours per the terms and conditions in this SOW.
These pre-purchased Professional Service Hours will expire upon the conclusion of the Term. Customer will not be entitled to any refund or service credit for expired or unused Professional Services Hours. Customer may purchase additional Professional Service hours (“Additional Hours”) by following the Change Order Process. Professional Services Hours may only be utilized as specified in the delineated categories under Section II, Scope of Work.
Requesting Hours.
Customer may utilize the Professional Services Hours during the Term of this SOW by requesting usage of the hours 30 days prior to the intended use date, unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by the parties. A customer may request a maximum of 50 of its Professional Services Hours to be used in a given calendar month, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing.
Change Order Process.
A Customer may request to purchase Additional Hours or request modification to this SOW by submitting a written request via email to its respective point of contact. Upon receipt, Branch will prepare an updated quote for review, which may include modification or clarification on the scope of work requested. Branch reserves the right to offer  Additional Hours at a different pricing structure than the Professional Services Hours. Acceptance of this offer will only occur after Customer affirmatively responds to the updated quote with explicit authorization to proceed with the Change Order at the price quoted by Branch.
V.
OUT OF SCOPE
Customer acknowledges and agrees that:
Professional Services Hours Limitation
: Any work exceeding the Professional Services Hours as stipulated in Section I of this SOW will not be undertaken by the Vendor unless explicitly agreed upon in a separate written agreement or through a duly executed Change Order.
Scope of Work Boundary
: Work that falls outside the defined Scope of Work in Section II is deemed out-of-scope and will not be performed under the terms of this SOW. Should the Customer require any additional work that is not encompassed within the current Scope of Work, such work may only be incorporated into this Statement of Work through a mutually agreed upon separate written addendum or an approved Change Order as outlined in Section IV.
Out-of-Scope Work Includes, But Is Not Limited To:
Code Creation
: Any development or scripting not explicitly outlined in the Scope of Work.
Unlisted Applications
: Services or time devoted to applications not specifically enumerated in this SOW.
Testing and QA
: Comprehensive testing and quality assurance of Branch App ID(s) or other components not detailed in this SOW.
Additional Collaborative Efforts
: Workshops, meetings, or any form of collaborative engagement beyond those listed in this SOW.
Link Template Management:
Ongoing management or modifications of link templates post-implementation.
Post-Completion Support:
Resolution of issues, break fixes, or any support services after the project reaches its completion stage as defined in this SOW.
By executing this SOW, the Customer expressly consents to these limitations and acknowledges that any request for out-of-scope work will require additional negotiation and formal documentation through a Change Order or separate agreement.
VI.
PROJECT FEES & BILLING.
As consideration for the Professional Services Hours and provision of the Professional Services, Customer will pay Branch the fees specified in the Order Form
Customers shall pay the Project Fees to Branch within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Customer is responsible for the integration and launch of the Services. Customer must pay the Project Fees regardless if the actual implementation is completed. If Customer disputes any portion of the invoiced fees, then Customer must adhere to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all undisputed amounts will be paid in accordance with the terms in this Order Form, and (ii) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io within ninety (90) days of the invoice date. If payment by Customer for any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch's rights or remedies, those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% (or the maximum rate permitted by law) of the outstanding balance per month.
If Customer utilizes all of its Professional Services Hours and desires additional Professional Services, then Customer may request the reservation of additional hours of Professional Service resources from Branch at a rate specified in the Change Order.
Effective August 29th 2024
to
September 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Professional Services Statement of Work
Advisory Hours
This Advisory Hours Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes the certain services (“Professional Services”) to be performed by Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Branch”) for Customer (each a “Party”, collectively the “Parties”) and is effective as of the date of Customer's Order Form (the “Effective Date”). By executing this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(the “PS Terms”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this SOW and any Order Form referencing this SOW, the SOW shall control.
SCOPE OF PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
Branch provides Professional Services in the form of Customer advisory hours and services to Customer within the scope of work set forth below (the “Project”). Subject to the terms and conditions of this SOW, the PS Terms, the executed order form between the parties (“the Order Form”), and the applicable Terms and Conditions or Master Services Agreement, Customer shall be entitled to the number of advisory hours specified in the Order Form. Branch’s provision of Professional Services is contingent on Customer’s payment of all applicable fees under the Order Form and adherence to the aforementioned contracts.   Branch and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will each commit reasonable resources as needed to support the execution and completion of the Project in accordance with this SOW.
SCOPE OF WORK
Branch reserves the right to define and adjust the Professional Services provided within the Advisory Hours, aiming to facilitate the Customer’s enablement of and onboarding to Branch's platform during the term specified in the Order Form (the “Term”). The following services may be offered by Branch but will vary depending upon the actual scope of work as determined by the parties during the initial consultation:
Engagement Initiation & Planning
Branch's Role:
Supporting project management tasks, as deemed necessary, to ensure the successful completion of the Project.
Provide the following resources to assist the Customer during the engagement: Project Guides, Project Tracker, Quality Assurance (QA) Plan, Question & Answer Tracker, Project Summary/Go-Forward Guide, links to Branch University, and a Training Guide.
Customer Requirements:
The Customer must assign a single Project Owner before the project kickoff to coordinate customer-side tasks for all Branch products.
The Customer is required to allocate adequate resources and time to ensure successful integration with Branch and effective enablement of Branch's products.
Engagement Execution & Delivery
Branch's Role:
Provide and facilitate 45 to 60-minute one-time sessions with Customer Stakeholders, including kickoffs, introductions, discovery, overviews, and training workshops, as determined by Branch.
Technical workshops will be conducted as per Branch's discretion, covering various aspects relevant to the project.
Recurring sessions may be scheduled by Branch, with the frequency and content of these sessions subject to Branch's assessment.
Branch may support implementation, audit, or expansion tasks as they relate to the Branch platform or products.
Advising on ad-hoc requests for support related to new use case implementation advisory, consultation to optimize existing implementation with best practices, or implementation validation.
Customer Participation:
The Project Owner must actively participate in scheduled meetings and assist in keeping internal Customer resources focused and responsive to Branch's requests.
The Customer shall collaborate with Branch in identifying and ensuring the availability of internal stakeholders necessary for the project’s success.
Engagement Testing & Quality Assurance
Branch's Role:
Provide guidance as it deems necessary for testing the integration and ensuring the products function as intended.
Customer Participation:
The Project Owner must actively participate in prioritizing testing & quality assurance with internal Customer resources focused and responsive to Branch's guidance.
The Customer shall collaborate with Branch in identifying and ensuring the availability of internal stakeholders necessary for testing and quality assurance.
Engagement Project Close
At the end of the Term, Branch may deliver a summary of the Project, including any outstanding work, to the Customer.
The Project Team will coordinate in good-faith to allocate the Advisory Hours with Professional Services, of the nature and scope specified below, to facilitate Customer’s enablement of and onboarding to Branch’s platform during the Term (the “Scope of Work”).
CUSTOMER PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The following table sets forth standard Customer roles (not individuals) and expectations. Customer acknowledges its participation in the Project, including the assignment and fulfillment of these roles, is essential to the Project’s timely completion and success. The chart below is Branch’s estimate of frequency and hours expected for successful engagement. These estimates may vary depending upon the scope of a given project and must be confirmed in writing if deviating from these expectations.
Role
Responsibility
Frequency
Estimated Hours
Sponsor
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful Project Completion, and promote process change where necessary
Once
4 Hours
Project Manager
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners
Participating in Project meetings
Weekly
5-7 Hours Per Week
Administrator
Responsible for ongoing administration of Branch’s Services, once Professional Services are delivered
Manages user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoption
Manages the organization’s ongoing use of Branch’s Services
Weekly
2 Hours Per Week
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration and identification of exceptions/risks
Attends Project meetings related to area of ownership
Assists in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices
Participates in user acceptance testing activities
Weekly
5-7 Hours Per Week
Extended Team
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project
Weekly
2-3 Hours Per Week
IV.
GENERAL TERMS
The Parties acknowledge and agree on the following:
Professional Services.
The Professional Services will be rendered only for the Branch App ID(s) specified in the Order Form. Upon the Effective Date, Customer will: (i) allocate appropriate resources necessary to support the completion of the Project, (ii) delegate a single Project Owner prior to commencement of the Project; (iii) test Branch integration and products for quality assurance purposes to ensure that the Branch integration and products are working as intended; and (iv) grant all necessary access rights and permissions to Branch’s Project team members to enable them to perform integration development and testing.
Advisory Hours.
For services rendered, Branch shall account for time expended in hourly increments by deducting from the pre-purchased pool of Advisory Hours. Records of service hours and remaining Advisory Hours will be maintained and provided to the Customer on a periodic basis. Once the Advisory Hours are fully consumed, Branch will notify the Customer. The Customer may opt to purchase additional hours per the terms and conditions in this SOW.
These pre-purchased Advisory Hours will expire upon the conclusion of the Term. Customer will not be entitled to any refund or service credit for expired or unused Advisory Hours. Customer may purchase additional Professional Service hours (“Additional Hours”) by following the Change Order Process. Advisory Hours may only be utilized as specified in the delineated categories under Section II, Scope of Work.
Requesting Hours.
Customer may utilize the Advisory Hours during the Term of this SOW by requesting usage of the hours 30 days prior to the intended use date, unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by the parties. A customer may request a maximum of 50 of its Advisory Hours to be used in a given calendar month, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing.
Change Order Process.
A Customer may request to purchase Additional Hours or request modification to this SOW by submitting a written request via email to its respective point of contact. Upon receipt, Branch will prepare an updated quote for review, which may include modification or clarification on the scope of work requested. Branch reserves the right to offer Additional Hours at a different pricing structure than the Advisory Hours. Acceptance of this offer will only occur after Customer affirmatively responds to the updated quote with explicit authorization to proceed with the Change Order at the price quoted by Branch.
V.
OUT OF SCOPE
Customer acknowledges and agrees that:
Advisory Hours Limitation:
Any work exceeding the Advisory Hours as stipulated in Section I of this SOW will not be undertaken by the Vendor unless explicitly agreed upon in a separate written agreement or through a duly executed Change Order.
Scope of Work Boundary:
Work that falls outside the defined Scope of Work in Section II is deemed out-of-scope and will not be performed under the terms of this SOW. Should the Customer require any additional work that is not encompassed within the current Scope of Work, such work may only be incorporated into this Statement of Work through a mutually agreed upon separate written addendum or an approved Change Order as outlined in Section IV.
Out-of-Scope Work Includes, But Is Not Limited To:
Code Creation:
Any development or scripting not explicitly outlined in the Scope of Work.
Unlisted Applications:
Services or time devoted to applications not specifically enumerated in this SOW.
Testing and QA:
Comprehensive testing and quality assurance of Branch App ID(s) or other components not detailed in this SOW.
Additional Collaborative Efforts:
Workshops, meetings, or any form of collaborative engagement beyond those listed in this SOW.
Link Template Management:
Ongoing management or modifications of link templates post-implementation.
Post-Completion Support:
Resolution of issues, break fixes, or any support services after the project reaches its completion stage as defined in this SOW.
By executing this SOW, the Customer expressly consents to these limitations and acknowledges that any request for out-of-scope work will require additional negotiation and formal documentation through a Change Order or separate agreement.
VI.
PROJECT FEES & BILLING.
As consideration for the Advisory Hours and provision of the Professional Services, Customer will pay Branch the fees specified in the Order Form.
Customers shall pay the Project Fees to Branch within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Customer is responsible for the integration and launch of the Services. Customer must pay the Project Fees regardless if the actual implementation is completed. If Customer disputes any portion of the invoiced fees, then Customer must adhere to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all undisputed amounts will be paid in accordance with the terms in this Order Form, and (ii) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io within ninety (90) days of the invoice date. If payment by Customer for any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch's rights or remedies, those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% (or the maximum rate permitted by law) of the outstanding balance per month.
If Customer utilizes all of its Advisory Hours and desires additional Professional Services, then Customer may request the reservation of additional hours of Professional Service resources from Branch at a rate specified in the Change Order.
Effective September 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Professional Services Terms & Conditions
These Professional Services Terms & Conditions (“
PS Terms
") are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
") and the entity or person purchasing certain Professional Services made available by Branch (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
”). By entering into a statement of work for Professional Services (“
SOW
”) you agree to be legally bound by and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these PS Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. Branch may update these PS Terms from time to time. The updated version of these Term will be available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(or its successor URL) and effective and binding as of the date indicated at the top of these PS Terms. All other relevant terms are set forth in the Agreement. In the event there is a conflict omission, or inconsistency between the terms of the Professional Service Advisory Hours SOW or any other SOW and these PS Terms as it relates to Professional Services, then these PS Terms shall control. In the event of a conflict, inconsistency,  or omission between these PS Terms and Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or other mutually agreed upon terms of service or  Master Service Agreement between the parties, collectively defined as the “
MSA
”,  the MSA shall control.
I. DEFINITIONS.
“
Branch Materials
” means any documentation, technical configuration, workflow templates, starter code, software components, content, materials, methodologies, or other intellectual property that is developed, conceived, or acquired by Branch or its Affiliates (a) prior to the SOW Effective Date or (b) outside of the scope of the Agreement.
“
Branch PS
” means Branch’s professional services organization including Branch’s and its Affiliates’ employees and subcontractors that assist in providing the Professional Services.
“
Change Order
” means any mutually signed written agreement to change the terms of an SOW. Change Orders will be deemed incorporated by reference in the applicable SOW, or Order Form in the absence of an SOW. To be valid, the Change Order must follow the Change Order Process as set forth in the SOW.
“
Customer Materials
” means Customer-owned or licensed materials, including but not limited to content libraries, logos, trademarks, information, facilities, software, hosted platforms, APIs, personnel, systems, and infrastructure, that are provided to Branch in connection with the Professional Services.
“
Effective Date
” means the date set forth in the SOW on which the SOW takes effect.
“
SOW
” means the statement of work agreed upon by Branch and Customer which outlines the scope of Professional Services being provided to Customer by Branch.
“
Professional Services
” means the limited consulting, onboarding, or other professional services described in an SOW, in accordance with Professional Services expressly excludes Branch’s other Services.
“
Services Agreement
” means the order form or other ordering documentation governing Customer’s use of Services.
“
Services
” means both Professional Services and SaaS Services.
“
SaaS Services
” means software-as-a-service products offered by Branch to Customer.
II. SCOPE OF SERVICES.
The SOW sets forth the Professional Services to be provided by Branch to Customer. Any item or activity not expressly included within the scope of a SOW is deemed outside the scope and may require a Change Order or separate SOW, which may be subject to additional fees. Professional Services referenced in a SOW are in support of Branch’s Services, as defined in the Services Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Branch’s provision of the SaaS Services is governed by the applicable SaaS terms and conditions or master service agreement as identified in the Services Agreement.
III. TERM AND TERMINATION.
The term and any applicable timelines for the delivery of Professional Services shall be set forth in the SOW. In the event either Party desires to extend or revise the delivery obligations, the Parties shall enter a mutually agreeable Change Order that outlines all such changes and any additional fees or credits, as applicable.
Either Party may terminate this SOW if the other Party is in material breach of an SOW or the Services Agreement and fails to cure that breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice. Any termination of the applicable Services Agreement will also terminate this SOW.
IV. RESTRICTIONS ON USE.
Except as expressly permitted under these PS Terms, Customer will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) film or record Branch’s delivery of Professional Services or Branch Materials, (b) use the Professional Services for the purposes of evaluating or monitoring their quality or performance, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes; (c) remove or alter proprietary notices from the Professional Services or Branch Materials; or (d) use, sell, copy, modify, create derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, or distribute the Professional Services or Branch Materials except as necessary to facilitate Customer’s use of Branch’s Professional Services and/or the Services.
V. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
Customer Materials.
Customer retains all right, title, and interest in and to all confidential information as the parties define such term in the MSA, and if undefined as commonly understood by industry standards (“Confidential Information”) of Customer and Customer Materials. Customer grants Branch a worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, copy, distribute, create derivative works based on, display, and modify Customer Materials as is reasonably necessary for Branch to provide the Professional Services to Customer under an SOW. Customer represents and warrants that it has all rights and consents necessary to provide the foregoing license to Branch and that it will use best efforts to timely provide Customer Materials upon Branch’s reasonable request in relation to an SOW.
Deliverables and Branch Materials.
Branch owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to all of its Confidential Information, Branch Materials, deliverables, and all intellectual property created or used by, or on behalf of, Branch in providing the Professional Services, including without limitation, all processes, know-how, code, data, reports and related materials (and modifications or derivatives thereof). Subject to Customer’s timely payment of all undisputed fees for the Professional Services, Branch grants Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, right and license to use (i) the Branch Materials solely as necessary in for Customer’s internal business purposes to use the Services purchased under the Services Agreement. Nothing contained in these PS Terms limits Branch’s right to develop, use, market, or sell services or products that are similar to the Professional Services provided to Customer pursuant to a SOW, or to use such Professional Services (excluding Customer Materials and Confidential Information of Customer) to perform similar services for any other purposes, including without limitation in connection with other projects and customers.
VI. COMPLETION.
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable SOW, all Professional Services will be deemed completed after Branch fulfills its obligations under the applicable SOW
VII. FEES
Fees
. Customer will pay Branch fees for the Professional Services at the rates specified in the applicable SOW within  forty-five (45) days of receipt of invoice or as otherwise agreed to by the parties in the Services Agreement.
VIII. PERFORMANCE & RESPONSIBILITIES.
Branch Performance.
The Branch PS team that will perform the Professional Services as set forth in the SOW. Branch retains the exclusive right to select the Branch personnel that will provide the Professional Services and to make changes to such personnel in Branch’s discretion. As between Customer and Branch, Branch is responsible for (i) the performance of the Professional Services by its personnel in accordance with these PS Terms and (ii) all matters related to the employment of Branch’s personnel, including, without limitation, compensation, benefits, and any statutory obligations. Branch reserves the right to reject any request for work outside the scope of the SOW. Branch and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled meetings and meet all agreed-to deadlines. The timeliness of communications and other activities by Customer will directly affect Branch’s ability to meet agreed-to delivery dates or other schedule deadlines. Delays resulting from Customer-owned (or licensed) software or hardware issues may reasonably require the Parties to contemplate additional fees or delivery extensions in a Change Order. Professional Services will be performed during Branch’s normal business hours (9 AM to 6 PM local time, Monday – Friday, excluding nationally recognized holidays). Issues raised outside of normal business hours must be sent to
support@branch.io
.
Customer Responsibilities.
Customer is responsible for 1) all timely implementation of Branch’s Service, including any technical SDK implementation, and 2) any engagement and management of third-party vendors that Customer uses in conjunction with Branch, including any applications and/or services with which Branch’s Services may be connected through integrations. Customer acknowledges that use of third-party technology and/or services not already licensed or purchased by Customer may require additional licenses and fee(s) that must be obtained separately by the Customer from the specific third-party provider of such applications and/or services. Customer will cooperate reasonably and in good faith with Branch in its provision of the Professional Services including, without limitation: (a) providing Branch with sufficient resources and knowledgeable employees or staff of Customer; (b) timely access to accurate and complete Customer Materials; (c) timely, accurate, and complete responses to inquiries or requests for feedback or information from Branch; (d) appointing a Customer representative for each Professional Services project to serve as a primary point of contact for Branch and to make authorized decisions on behalf of Customer; (e) actively participating in scheduled project meetings with Branch, and (f) abiding by Customer obligations specified in the applicable SOW. If Customer’s failure to comply with this Section VII(b) prevents or unreasonably delays Branch from performing the Professional Services, then, at Branch’s reasonable discretion, Branch may terminate its obligation to continue performing the affected portion of the Professional Services, or the SOW where Branch’s ability to continue performing a majority of the remaining Professional Services is prevented or unreasonably delayed, and Branch will not be responsible for any delays or liabilities resulting therefrom.
Effective March 22nd 2023
to
September 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Professional Services Terms & Conditions
Last Updated:
March 22, 2023
These Professional Services Terms & Conditions (“PS Terms") are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Branch," "Branch Metrics," "we," or "us") and the entity or person purchasing certain Professional Services made available by Branch (“Customer” or “you” or “your”). By entering into a statement of work for Professional Services (“SOW”) with Branch referencing these PS Terms and/or an Order Form referencing an SOW that incorporates these PS Terms (the “Agreement”), you agree to be legally bound by and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these PS Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE PS TERMS, DO NOT USE BRANCH’S PROFESSIONAL SERVICES. Branch may update these PS Terms from time to time. The updated version of these Term will be available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(or its successor URL) and effective and binding as of the date indicated at the top of these PS Terms.
I. DEFINITIONS.
“Affiliate”
means any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
“Branch Materials”
means any documentation, technical configuration, workflow templates, starter code, software components, content, materials, methodologies, or other intellectual property that is developed, conceived, or acquired by Branch or its Affiliates (a) prior to the Effective Date or (b) outside of the scope of the Agreement.
“Branch PS”
means Branch’s Professional Services organization including Branch’s and its Affiliates’ employees and subcontractors, and employees of subcontractors that assist in providing the Professional Services.
“Change Order”
means any change to an SOW or Order Form, as applicable. Change Orders will be deemed incorporated by reference in the applicable SOW or Order Form, as applicable in the absence of an SOW.
“Customer Materials”
means Customer-owned or licensed materials, including but not limited to content libraries, logos, trademarks, information, facilities, software, hosted platforms, APIs, personnel, systems and infrastructure, that are provided to Branch in connection with the Professional Services.
“Deliverables”
means all works of authorship, inventions, know-how, ideas, materials, information, designs, and files made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part by Branch or on Branch’s behalf in connection with the Professional Services, and all intellectual property rights relating thereto.
“Effective Date”
means the date set forth in the SOW on which the SOW takes effect.
“Order Form”
means an ordering document that is entered into between Customer and Branch, including any addenda and supplements thereto that identifies the applicable Professional Services being purchased, the mutually agreed upon rate(s) for such Professional Services and any other applicable terms related to the Professional Services.
“Professional Services”
means the professional services provided to Customer, as described in the applicable SOW, including, without limitation, the development and delivery of any Deliverables related thereto, in accordance with the applicable Professional Services (as set forth in the applicable SOW). Professional Services excludes Services (as defined below).
“Services”
means Branch’s software-as-a-service offerings.
“Services Agreement”
means the separate agreement governing Customer’s use of Branch’s software-as-a-service offerings.
II. SCOPE OF SERVICES.
The SOW sets forth the Professional Services to be provided by Branch to Customer. Any item or activity not expressly included within the scope of a SOW is deemed outside the scope and may require a Change Order or separate SOW, which may be subject to additional fees. Professional Services referenced in a SOW are in support of Branch’s Services, as defined by the applicable Order Form and/or Services Agreement between Branch and Customer, except as may otherwise be specified in the SOW. Branch’s provision of, or any changes to, Branch’s Services are outside the scope of the SOW.
III. TERM AND TERMINATION.
The term and any applicable timelines for the delivery of Professional Services is set forth in the SOW or Order Form, as applicable. In the event the timeline needs to be extended, the Parties shall enter into a mutually agreeable Change Order that outlines extended term and any additional fees, as applicable.
Either party may terminate this SOW if the other party is in material breach of Agreement and fails to cure that breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice.  Any termination of the applicable Services Agreement will also terminate this SOW.
IV. RESTRICTIONS ON USE.
Customer must comply with all applicable laws when using the Professional Services. Except as expressly permitted under these PS Terms, Customer will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) film or record Branch’s delivery of Professional Services or Branch Materials, (b) use the Professional Services for the purposes of evaluating or monitoring their quality or performance, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes; (c) remove or alter proprietary notices from the Professional Services or Branch Materials; or (d) use, sell, copy, modify, create derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, or distribute the Professional Services or Branch Materials except as necessary to facilitate Customer’s use of Branch’s Professional Services and/or the Services.
V. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
Customer Materials
. Customer retains all right, title, and interest in and to all Confidential Information of Customer and Customer Materials. In its performance of Professional Services, Branch may require access to certain Customer Materials. Customer grants Branch a worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, copy, distribute, create derivative works based on, display, and modify Customer Materials as reasonably necessary for Branch PS to provide Professional Services to Customer. Customer represents and warrants that it has all rights and consents necessary to provide the foregoing license to Branch and that it will use best efforts to timely provide Customer Materials to Branch upon Branch’s request.
Deliverables and Branch Materials
. Branch owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to all Confidential Information of Branch, the Professional Services, Branch Materials, and Deliverables, and all intellectual property used by or on behalf of Branch in providing the Professional Services, including without limitation, all processes, know-how, code, data, reports and related materials (and modifications or derivatives thereof).  If Branch uses the Deliverables for any purpose outside of the scope of the Agreement, such Deliverables will not contain any Confidential Information of Customer or Customer Materials. Subject to Customer’s payment of fees for the Professional Services pursuant to the terms of the applicable SOW and / or Order Form, Branch grants Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, right and license to use (i) the Branch Materials solely as necessary to use the Deliverables, and (ii) the Deliverables solely as necessary for Customer’s internal business purposes to use the Services during the term of the applicable Services Agreement. Nothing contained in these PS Terms limits Branch’s right to develop, use, market, or sell services or products that are similar to the Deliverables and/or Professional Services provided to Customer pursuant to a SOW, or to use such Deliverables and/or Professional Services (excluding Customer Materials and Confidential Information of Customer) to perform similar services for any other purposes, including without limitation in connection with other projects and customers.
VI. COMPLETION.
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable SOW, all Professional Services will be deemed completed upon delivery of all of the Deliverables set forth in an applicable SOW (“Notice of Completion”). Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable SOW, if, in your reasonable discretion, the Deliverables fail to materially conform to the agreed upon specifications set forth in the SOW, you must inform Branch of such non-conformance in writing within five (5) business days of the Notice of Completion and Branch will make reasonable efforts to correct and redeliver the Deliverables promptly, at which point the Professional Services will be deemed completed.
VII. FEES & TAXES.
Fees
. Customer will pay Branch fees for the Professional Services at the rates specified in the applicable SOW or Order Form within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice or as otherwise agreed to by the parties in the applicable SOW or Order Form. Customer is responsible for all undisputed fees, even if such fees are due and payable after termination of the Professional Services, or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Professional Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any fees. Except as expressly provided in an applicable SOW or Order Form, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed for the term of the SOW or Order Form.
Overdue Charges
. If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month.
Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration
. Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under these PS Terms or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed fees thirty (30) days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the applicable Order Form, SOW, and/or Services Agreement, Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or canceling your access to the Professional Services and Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the applicable agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period.
Taxes
. Branch’s fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "Taxes"). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which Customer is responsible under this section, Branch will invoice Customer and Customer will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, Customer is responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees.
VIII. CONFIDENTIALITY
Definition
. Each party to these PS Terms (a “Receiving Party”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “Disclosing Party”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“Confidential Information”). Customer and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms of the Agreement, conditions and pricing, marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
Use and Disclosure
. Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by these PS Terms and the SOW (the "Purpose"); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement.
Exclusions
. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
Permitted Disclosures
. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
IX. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
INDIRECT DAMAGES DISCLAIMER
. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
DIRECT LIABILITY
. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF A PARTY RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER OR ITS AFFILIATES UNDER THE APPLICABLE ORDER FORM OR SOW FOR THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OUT OF WHICH THE LIABILITY AROSE.
X. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER.
Branch warrants that it will provide the Professional Services in a professional and workmanlike manner. Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy for Branch’s breach of this Section X will be the re-performance of the non-conforming portions of the Professional Services, in accordance with Section IX above. If Branch is unable to re-perform, Customer will be entitled to recover the fees paid to Branch attributable to the non-conforming portions of the Professional Services. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH HEREIN, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS" AND BRANCH DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATORY OR OTHERWISE REGARDING THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES, AND CUSTOMER RELIES ON THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES AT ITS OWN RISK.
XI. NON-SOLICITATION.
During the term of the applicable SOW or Order Form and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Customer shall not interfere with Branch’s relationship with, or endeavor to entice away from Branch, any person who, on the date of the termination of or expiration of the Agreement, was an employee of Branch.
XII. PERFORMANCE & RESPONSIBILITIES.
Branch Performance.
The Branch PS team that will perform the Professional Services as set forth in the SOW or Order Form. Branch retains the exclusive right to select the Branch PS personnel that will provide the Professional Services and to make changes as required in Branch’s discretion. As between Customer and Branch, Branch is responsible for (i) the performance of the Professional Services by Branch PS personnel under in accordance with the Agreement and (ii) all matters related to Branch PS’s employment, including, without limitation, compensation, benefits, and any statutory obligations. Branch reserves the right to reject any request for work outside the scope of the SOW. Branch PS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled meetings and meet all agreed-to deadlines. The timeliness of communications and other activities by Customer will directly affect Branch’s ability to meet agreed-to schedule deadlines. Additionally, delays resulting from Customer-owned (or licensed) software or hardware issues may result in additional fees. Professional Services will be performed during Branch’s normal business hours (9 AM to 6 PM local time, Monday – Friday, excluding nationally recognized holidays). Issues raised outside of normal business hours may be sent to
support@branch.io
.
Customer Responsibilities.
Customer is responsible for any engagement and management of third-party vendors that Customer uses in conjunction with Branch, including any applications and/or services with which Branch’s Services may be connected through integrations. Customer acknowledges that use of third-party technology and/or services not already licensed or purchased by Customer may require additional licenses and fee(s) that must be obtained separately by the Customer from the specific third-party provider of such applications and/or services. Customer will cooperate reasonably and in good faith with Branch PS in their provision of the Professional Services including, without limitation: (a) providing Branch PS sufficient resources, knowledgeable employees or staff of Customer; (b) timely access to accurate and complete Customer Materials; (c) timely, accurate, and complete responses to inquiries or requests for feedback or information from Branch PS; (d) appointing a Customer representative for each Professional Services project to serve as a primary point of contact for Branch PS and to make authorized decisions on behalf of Customer; (e) actively participating in scheduled project meetings with Branch PS, and (f) abiding by Customer obligations specified in the applicable SOW. If Customer’s failure to comply with this Section XII(b) prevents Branch from providing the Professional Services by the end of the term of the SOW, as determined by Branch in its sole discretion, Branch’s obligation to provide the Professional Services will be excused, Branch will not be responsible for any delays resulting therefrom, and the SOW and all Professional Services provided thereunder, shall terminate unless the Parties mutually agree in writing to extend the term of the SOW by way of a Change Order. If any delay in the provision of Professional Services is caused by Customer and results in additional fees, Customer will pay such additional fees.
XIII. MISCELLANEOUS
Governing Law & Venue
. The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California.
Assignment
. The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by either party, except with other party’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), unless a party is assigning this Agreement to (a) a successor to all or part of its assets or business or (b) an Affiliate. Any attempted assignment or transfer by either party in violation of this Section XIII(b) will be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding on the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
Relationship between the Parties
. The parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and Customer does not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
Notices
. Except as otherwise specified in the SOW, all notices of termination (“Legal Notices”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all Legal Notices shall be provided to
legal@branch.io
. Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
Effective June 22nd 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Reseller Terms & Conditions
SERVICES AGREEMENT APPLICABLE TO
CUSTOMERS OF BRANCH RESELLERS
1. Introduction
1.1
You (“
Customer
” or “
you
” or “
your
” or related terms) are acquiring a subscription to the Services (as defined below) operated by Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch, ("
Branch
," "
Branch Metrics
," "
we
," or "
us
" or related terms)  from an unrelated third party authorized to sell such services (“
Reseller
”) under a separate agreement with Branch (“
Reseller Agreement
”). In addition to any terms and conditions related to your use of the Services pursuant to any agreement by and between you and the Reseller, these Terms & Conditions ("
Terms
") contain the terms and conditions that govern your access to and use of the Services. Branch is an express beneficiary of this Agreement (as defined below), and in acquiring a subscription to the Services, you expressly acknowledge and agree that Branch shall have the right to enforce this Agreement against you and that this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes any and all prior agreements between you and Branch with regard to your subscription to the Services or your access to or use thereof under this Agreement and your agreement between you and the Reseller.
1.2
By accepting this Agreement, either by accessing or using the Services, or authorizing or permitting any Agent or End User of your Digital Properties (as defined below) to access or use the Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use Branch’s Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in this Agreement as of the date of such access or use of the Services. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company, organization or another legal entity (an “
Entity
”), you are agreeing to this Agreement for that Entity and representing to Branch that you have the authority to bind such Entity and its Affiliates (as defined below) to this Agreement, in which case the terms “Customer,” “you,” or “your” herein refers to such Entity and its Affiliates. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with this Agreement, you must not use or authorize any use of the Services. Customer and Branch shall each be referred to as a “
Party
” and collectively referred to as the “
Parties
” for purposes of this Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE ANY SERVICES.
2. Definitions
"
Affiliate
" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
"
Agreement
" means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments mutually agreed to by the Parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference).
"
Beta Services
" means Branch’s services or functionality that are not generally available to customers and that may be made available to you to try at your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or other services or functionality with a similar description.
“
Collection Technologies
” means any tags, SDKs, APIs, JavaScript, pixels, attribution or redirect links, cookies or other technology used or made available by Branch to Customer to support the provision of the Services by Branch, including any updates thereto.
“
Digital Properties
” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you that use the Services or for use by you with the Services.
"
Documentation
" means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at
https://docs.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
"
Order Form
" means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer or its Affiliates and the Reseller managing Customer’s subscription to the Services, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form with a Reseller, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.
“
Services
" means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the Beta Services, and other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms.
3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY
Branch will make the Services available to Customer solely for Customer’s internal business needs pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and the applicable Documentation.  Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for its integration and launch of the Services. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned maintenance, (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, and (iii) any unavailability caused by a Force Majeure Event, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement and the Documentation. Your right to access and use the Services is limited by all the terms set forth in the Agreement. Branch reserves the right to monitor and periodically audit Customer’s use of the Services to ensure that Customer’s use complies with the Agreement and the limitations of Branch’s Documentation. Should Branch discover that Customer’s use of the Services violates the Agreement or the limitations of Branch’s Documentation, Branch reserves the right to charge the Customer, and the Customer hereby agrees to pay, for such use, in addition to other remedies available to Branch.
4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT
4.1 Use Restrictions.
You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services and, except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not directly or indirectly: (a) make the functionality of the Services available to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) extend, sell, distribute, rent, lease,  sublicense, or otherwise provide access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, permissions, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or Branch’s related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) frame or mirror any part of the Services, other than on Customer’s own internal and non-public intranets for its own internal business purposes, unless otherwise permitted in the Documentation; (g) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (h) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; (i) use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup
, or its successor URL; or (j) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Collection Technologies to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available
here
. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services.
4.2 Updates and Support.
Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of such upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
, or its successor URL.
5. BETA SERVICES
From time to time, Branch may invite you to try Beta Services. You may accept or decline any such trial in your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to  maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services.
6. CANCELLATION AND TERMINATION
6.1 Cancellation & Termination Under Reseller Agreement.
Under the terms and conditions of Branch’s Reseller Agreement with the Reseller, Branch is entitled to suspend or terminate your subscription to the Service, your rights to access and use the Services or your account, and remove and delete any your data if: (a) Branch is notified by Reseller of your failure to pay amounts due to Reseller with respect to your subscription to a Service; or (b) Reseller fails to pay any amounts due to Branch pursuant to the Reseller Agreement with respect to your subscription to a Service. You consent to these suspension and termination rights and acknowledge and agree that Branch shall have no liability to you of any kind with respect to any such suspension or termination. Your sole recourse with respect to any such suspension or termination shall be against Reseller. Following the termination or cancellation of your subscription to the Services and/or account, Branch reserves the right to delete all data associated with your account in the normal course of operation consistent with Branch’s standard data retention policies.
6.2. Termination for Material Breach.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement (including access to all Services that are in effect) in the event of a material breach of this Agreement and fails to remedy such breach within thirty (30) days of the date of written notice of such breach. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the
Branch Acceptable Use Policy
will be considered a material breach of this Agreement. Termination by either Party for material breach of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured.
6.3 Termination by Branch.
Branch reserves the right to suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable, and Branch will have no further obligations or liability to you or any third-party as a result of such suspension or discontinuance. Except where there are any Order Form(s) in effect, Branch may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time by providing you with written notice. Additionally, Branch may immediately terminate this Agreement for cause without notice if provision of the Services violates applicable law, regulation or court order.
7. SURVIVAL
Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices.
8. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS
8.1 Privacy Policy.
(a) You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and shall include, at minimum, the following: (i) clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice of your privacy practices consistent with applicable laws, (ii) disclosures regarding your use of cookies (including third-party cookies placed on your Digital Properties) and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; (iii) your data collection, use and disclosure practices; and (iv) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, the DAA opt-out page here:
http://www.aboutads.info/
, and/or the EDAA opt-out page here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms. (b) If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy
, or its successor URL. (c) Where applicable in your use of the Services, you also agree to incorporate and adhere to the best practices and guidelines of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("
DAA
") (
http://www.aboutads.info/principles
), and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance ("
EDAA
")(
http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/
), as may be updated and amended from time to time.
8.2 Data Analytics.
You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in
Branch’s Privacy Policy
with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services.
8.3 Data Security.
Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information.
8.4 Compliance with Applicable Law.
You will comply with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (such as, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) ("
GDPR
") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining consent from end users of your Digital Properties to (i) to place Collection Technologies (including by Branch) on the browsers or devices of end users of your Digital Properties, and (ii) collect and use the data you provide to Branch through the Services and the data that you enable Branch to collect from end users of your Digital Properties and process on your behalf, and (iii) t0 direct Branch to share data it processes on your behalf with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“
VPPA
”); and (d) ensuring you do not provide Branch with any sensitive information or personally identifiable information through the Services that is afforded legal protection under applicable regulation or laws (“
PII
”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law.
8.5 CCPA.
If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information  subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch California Privacy Addendum (“
California Privacy Addendum
“) available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ca-privacy-addendum
, or its successor URL, shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and the Parties agree to incorporate such California Privacy Addendum by reference into the Agreement as an integral part thereof.
9. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES
9.1 Registration Information.
In order to access and use the Services, you must register an account. Any information provided during your registration must be current, complete, and accurate (“
Registration Information
”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is current, complete, and accurate at all times.
9.2 Access Credentials.
The Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees, Affiliates, or your independent contractors) to access and use the Services in furtherance of your internal business purposes as expressly permitted by this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by Branch. You will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an "
Authorized User
").
9.3 Responsibility.
You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, regardless of whether such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and regardless of whether such Authorized User authorized or had knowledge of such action. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity and will notify Branch promptly of unauthorized access or use of the Services.
10. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content linked to or made available through Branch’s Services. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, "
Third-Party Content
") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and makes no representations, warranties, endorsements, or guarantees regarding the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability for any Third-Party Content, including but not limited to, any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content.  Branch is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content.
11. TRADEMARKS
"Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services ("Branch Marks") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch.
12. AGENCIES & PARTNERS
12.1 Agency Client.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“
Agency Client
“), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that, to the extent that you are accessing the Services on the Agency Client’s behalf,  such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, Section 8 (Privacy Policy & Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch.
12.2 Partners.
The Services enable you to integrate, measure, and analyze your Branch account (including data contained therein) with certain partners that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“
Partners
“). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“
Partner Features
”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“
Shared Data
”).  To the extent that you use the Partner Features for Partners you select (“
Permitted Partners
”), then you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners pursuant to your configuration of the Services.  You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with such Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; and (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners and Branch is not responsible for fulfilling any such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch.
13. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
13.1 Definition.
Each Party to these Terms (a “
Receiving Party
”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other Party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“
Confidential Information
”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each Party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing Party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement.
13.2 Use and Disclosure.
Each Party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement (the "
Purpose
"); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (1) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (2) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (3) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (4) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (5) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information.
13.3 Permitted Disclosures.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court order or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such Confidential Information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
14. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
14.1 Proprietary Rights.
As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use your Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), the Documentation, all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.
14.2 Feedback.
Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
15. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
15.1 Warranty.
You represent and warrant to Branch that (a) you have validly entered into this Agreement and has the legal power and authority to do so and (b) c) the execution, delivery and performance of the Agreement does not and will not violate the terms or conditions of any other agreement to which you are a party or by which you are otherwise bound.
15.2 DISCLAIMER.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. BRANCH DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION, NOR DOES BRANCH WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE FROM ERRORS, OR THAT THE OPERATIONS OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED. YOU RELY ON THE SERVICES AND THE DOCUMENTATION AT YOUR OWN RISK. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY, THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
16.1
BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
16.2
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT THE RESELLER HAS PAID, OR HAS AGREED TO PAY, TO BRANCH WITH RESPECT TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTION TO THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT, THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS.
17. INDEMNITY
17.1 Indemnity.
You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“
Branch Indemnified Parties
”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party to the extent arising out of or relating to: (a) Third Party Content or your use of the Services in violation of the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law, (b) allegations that your Digital Properties, or the combination of your Digital Properties with the Services, infringes or misappropriates a third party’s intellectual property rights, (c) your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner, or (d) a regulatory investigation (each a “
Claim Against Branch
”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations  will be limited to the extent a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s fraud, or reckless or willful misconduct.
17.2 Agency Indemnity.
If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “Agencies & Partners” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services.
17.3 Indemnification Procedure.
Your indemnification obligations under this Agreement will be contingent upon: (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure), (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) Branch’s consent where a settlement requires any action on the part of Branch or (ii) the securing of an unconditional release of Branch for all liability), and (c) Branch giving you reasonably requested assistance at your expense. Branch may, at its own expense, and without limiting the obligations of the indemnifying party, maintain its own counsel and participate in the defense with counsel of its own choosing at any time.
18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 Governing Law.
The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
18.2 Dispute Resolution.
In the event of any dispute, claim, or controversy in connection with this Agreement (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, "
Disputes
"), each Party's senior representatives will, in good faith, attempt to resolve a Dispute. If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days or within such other time period as the Parties may agree in writing, then the Parties may commence binding arbitration under JAMS' Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The Parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the JAMS arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually agreed to between the Parties or, failing that, by JAMS under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each Party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in (a) San Francisco, California, if you are domiciled in any country outside of the (i) European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (ii) Asia-Pacific region; (b) London, England, if you are domiciled in any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco; or (c) Singapore, if you are domiciled in any country within the Asia-Pacific region.
18.3 No Waiver; Severability.
Branch’s failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Branch in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
18.4 Assignment.
Under the terms of the Reseller Agreement, your agreement with the Reseller with respect to your subscription to the Services may be assigned to Branch. you agree that if your agreement with Reseller is assigned to Branch, your continued rights to access and use the Services shall be subject to Branch then standard Terms & Conditions governing the Services available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ts-cs
(or its successor URL) and you consent to the application of such terms and conditions, including without limitation, the billing and payment provisions contained therein. You agree that following any such assignment, you shall, upon request by Branch, provide such information as is required to secure payment for any subscription term commencing after such assignment. You may not, directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, assign all or any part of this Agreement or your rights under this Agreement or delegate performance of your duties under this Agreement without Branch prior written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent. If requested by Branch, You must execute a document to give effect to Branch’s assignment. Subject to the foregoing restrictions, this Agreement will be fully binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and assigns.
18.5 Entire Agreement.
Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) any applicable Order Form(s) incorporating these Terms; (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum expressly incorporated into to these Terms, (2) the body of these Terms, and (3) the Documentation.
18.6 Relationship between the Parties.
The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.
18.7  International Trade and Anti-Corruption and Laws.
Each party (a) warrants that it will comply with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and governmental orders (collectively, “
Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws
”) in the jurisdictions that apply directly or indirectly to the Services, including, without limitation, the United States, and (b) represents that it has not made, offered, promised to make, or authorized any payment or anything of value in violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws. You will promptly notify Branch in writing of any actual or potential violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws in connection with the use of the Services and take all appropriate steps to remedy or resolve such violations, including any steps requested by Branch. If applicable, you represent that you have obtained, and warrant that you will continue to obtain, all licenses or other authorizations required to export, re-export, or transfer the Services.
18.8 Sanctions Lists.
The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both you and Branch each represent that (and in your case, also your end users of your Digital Properties) it is not named on any government prohibited, denied, or unverified-party, sanctions, debarment, or exclusion list or export-controlled related restricted party list (collectively, “
Sanctions Lists
”).  Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. You will immediately (i) discontinue your use of the Services if you become placed on any Sanctions List and (ii) remove your End Users’ access to the Services if your end users become placed on any Sanctions List. You represent that you have not, and warrant that you will not, export, re-export, or transfer the Services to an entity on any Sanctions List without prior authorization from the applicable governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party if the other party is in breach of its obligations hereunder with respect to Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws or Sanction Lists. If your account is blocked because it is operating in a country or region prohibited by Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws, you will receive notice of your account being inoperable when you attempt to log into your account in such prohibited country or region.
18.9 Third Party Beneficiary.
Except where expressly provided herein, no provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer, or employee of any Party hereto or any other person or entity.
18.10 Marketing Support.
You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services, (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services, and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the "
Customer Marks
") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit.
18.11 Force Majeure.
Neither Party will be responsible for any delay or failure in performance of any part of this Agreement to the extent that such delay or failure is caused by an event or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of the Party whose performance is affected and could not have been prevented or corrected through the exercise of reasonable diligence, including , for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications, or denial of service attack (each such event, a “
Force Majeure Event
”). The Party alleging a Force Majeure Event (the “
Affected Party
”) will promptly notify the other Party in writing of the Force Majeure Event, providing reasonable detail of the circumstances giving rise to the Force Majeure Event, and the steps it is taking to remedy the delay or failure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial incapability will not be considered as a Force Majeure Event.
18.12 Notices.
Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“
Legal Notices
”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to legal@branch.io ("
Branch Notices
"). Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form or the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer.
18.13 Modifications.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of Branch’s Services after such changes have been published to Branch’s Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
19. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about Branch’s Services or these Terms, you may contact us by email at
info@branch.io
.
Effective February 14th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective December 11th 2024
to
February 14th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective July 8th 2024
to
December 11th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective June 16th 2023
to
July 8th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective December 16th 2022
to
June 16th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective March 24th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
SERVICE LEVEL ADDENDUM
Last Updated: March 21, 2023
Customer Support
This Service Level Addendum (“Addendum”) is made by and between Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Branch”) and Customer (each a “Party”, collectively the “Parties”) as an integral part of the Master Services Agreement or other written agreement (“Agreement”) between Branch and Customer for the provisions of deep linking and attribution analytics services (“Services”). “Customer” means the entity that executed the Agreement.
These terms govern Branch’s provision of service level support to Customer. All other relevant terms are set forth in the Agreement. In the event there is a conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and this Addendum, the terms of this Addendum shall supersede and control over conflicting or inconsistent Agreement language.
Exclusions
This Addendum does not apply to any: (a) features designated beta services (unless otherwise stated in the associated Branch documentation available at
https://help.branch.io/developers-hub
(or its successor URL), (b) responding to problems caused by third party software, (c) configuration changes for third party software, (d) support for issues related to the operation of the Services on local personal computers and related printing issues or problems with the browser and loading the required add-on programs, (e) firewall support, (f) responding to problems caused by hardware, (g) on-site support, (h) Maintenance (as defined below), (i) errors: (i) caused by factors outside of Branch’s reasonable control, (ii) that resulted from Customer's equipment, software or hardware or third party software or hardware, or both; (iii) that resulted from abuses or other behaviors that violate the Agreement, (iv) from Customer’s employees, agents, contractors, or vendors, or anyone gaining access to Branch’s Services by means of Customer’s passwords or equipment, or otherwise resulting from Customer’s failure to follow appropriate security practices; or (v) that result from Customer’s failure to adhere to the Agreement (including Branch’s Documentation).
Support Channels
The service levels set forth in this Addendum are only available for support requests submitted according to the requirements set forth in this Addendum.
In order to provide support to Customer, all technical support requests must expressly identify the applicable customer account and be submitted to Branch via email at
support@branch.io
or the “Submit a Ticket” function at
http://help.branch.io/
(herein referred to as “Support Team”).
Availability
Branch customer support is available based on the level of support purchased by Customer via the Order Form.  All Branch customers are entitled to Standard Support.  Additional support may be purchased in the form of Enhanced Support or Premium Support.  The purchase of either Enhanced Support or Premium Support under an applicable Order Form supersedes the provision of Standard Support.
Standard Support
Support is available to Customer between 09:00 to 17:00, local time for Customer, not including Saturday, Sunday, or Branch company holidays.
Customers who have executed an Order Form with Branch but have not purchased Enhanced Support or Premium Support in such Order Form will receive Standard Support as described in the Issue Response Time table provided below.
Enhanced Support
If Customer has purchased Enhanced Support as indicated on the applicable Order Form, the Support will be available to Customer during weekdays from 00:00 Monday to 24:00 Friday, local time for Customer, not including Saturday, Sunday, or Branch company holidays.
Premium Support
If Customer has purchased Premium Support as indicated on the applicable Order Form, the Support Team will be available to Customer twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week.
Customer may request a live troubleshooting session for technical support requests submitted per the requirements above. Such requests must be submitted electronically in writing to
http://help.branch.io/
(or its successor URL) at least one (1) Business Day in advance. The Support Team will not be available for live troubleshooting sessions during weekends and Branch company holidays. Customer is entitled to a maximum of ten (10) hours of live troubleshooting calls per calendar year, with a maximum of thirty (30) minutes allocated by Branch for each call. “Business Day” means between 09:00 to 17:00, local time for Customer, not including Saturday, Sunday, or Branch company holidays.
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
The following table will be used by Branch to prioritize Customer technical support requests and to give Customer a target first response time. Assignment of Severity Level is at Branch’s sole discretion. Branch’s first response time and frequency of updates to Customer will be made on a case-by-case basis.
Severity Levels and First Response Time by Support Tier
Severity Level
Definition
Standard Support
Enhanced Support
Premium Support
Sev 0 - Outage
A service outage of Branch systems that would impact link redirection or attribution.
2 Hours
1 Hour
1 Hour
Sev 1 - High
The Services are completely unavailable for use by Customer, and no procedural workaround exists, thereby causing a severe impact to Customer’s business operations.
1 Business Day
4 hours
2 hours
Sev 2 - Medium
Customer experiences a severe defect or configuration issue with the use of the Services and no procedural workaround exists, thereby causing a high impact to Customer’s business operations (excluding Service failures that qualify as Severity Level High).
2 Business Days
8 hours
4 hours
Sev 3 - Low
Customer experiences an issue where Customer’s use of the Services are partially reduced, thereby causing a low-to-medium impact to Customer’s business operations. A procedural workaround exists (excluding Service issues that qualify as Severity Level High or Medium).
5 Business Days
1 Business Day
8 hours
Effective February 15th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Supplier Code of Conduct
Introduction
This Supplier Code of Conduct (“Supplier Code”) has been established to summarize Branch's  core values and expected standards of conduct for its vendors, contractors, consulting firms, staffing agencies, agency temps, partners, licensees and other intermediaries and their respective employees and affiliates (collectively, “Suppliers” or “you”) to comply with when working with Branch. All Suppliers shall promote a safe, diverse, lawful and respectful work environment. We believe that this Supplier Code will reinforce those qualities and attributes that have made both Branch and you successful.
Suppliers are expected to review, understand and comply with the policies set forth in this Supplier Code. The Supplier Code should be viewed as the minimum standards that we expect and is not intended in any way to lessen your contractual obligations with Branch. Failure to comply with this Supplier Code may result in Branch’s review of its engagement with a Supplier and may result in termination of Supplier’s relationship with Branch.
This Supplier Code and all policies contained herein will be administered in accordance with applicable law and may be updated from time to time. If you have questions about this Supplier Code, you can contact Branch at
legal@branch.io
.
Compliance with Rules, Laws, and Regulations
Suppliers are expected to comply with all applicable rules, laws, and regulations at all times while working with Branch. You have a responsibility to be knowledgeable about specific laws and regulations that apply to your area of business. If a law conflicts with this Supplier Code, you must comply with the law.
Diversity and
Non-Discrimination
Diversity is at the forefront of Branch’s mission and culture. We are and remain committed to being a globally diverse, ethical, moral and inclusive company that is tolerant of all individuals from all different backgrounds because we believe the best ideas come from a diverse way of looking at technology and the world.
Accordingly, Suppliers shall provide an environment free from unlawful discrimination on the basis of personal characteristics, such as age, race, religion, national origin, caste, ancestry, disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, pregnancy, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Additionally, we expect all Suppliers to promote working environments where all individuals are entitled to equal opportunities and fair treatment.
Anti-Harassment
Each Supplier shall ensure its workplace is free of harassment. Harassment means any verbal, physical, and visual conduct that creates an intimidating, offensive, or hostile working environment or that interferes with an individual’s work performance. Harassing conduct can take many forms and may include, but is not limited to, the following: slurs, jokes, statements, gestures, assault, impeding or blocking another’s movement or otherwise physically interfering with normal work, or sharing inappropriate materials.
Non-Retaliation
No Supplier will retaliate against an individual for filing a good faith complaint of unlawful discrimination or harassment or for participating in any good faith investigation of alleged discrimination or harassment.
Conflicts of Interest
Branch expects all Suppliers to avoid conflicts of interest and to operate with the highest level of ethics and integrity. A potential conflict of interest, or the appearance of one, occurs when your outside interests (for example, financial or personal interests) interfere with or influence, or even just appear to interfere with or influence, yours or Branch’s business interests or your work-related duties.
Suppliers may give and accept common courtesy items that are of modest cost, provided for legitimate business purposes and are understood as customary in Supplier’s industry. However, Suppliers must refrain from giving or accepting any gifts or other items with an intent to influence Branch, its customers, prospects, agents, employees or representatives or to obtain an improper business advantage, or in exchange for favors or benefits.
Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery
Branch Supplier's are strictly prohibited from partaking in any and all forms of corruption and bribery, including, but not limited to, payment or receipt of bribes or kickbacks to or from foreign or domestic government employees or officials, representatives of commercial enterprises or any other persons, whether made directly or through others such as agents, consultants or other associated parties. Suppliers will take all necessary steps to ensure that corruption and bribery do not occur in its business activities, wherever those business activities may take place. Violations of this nature may result in the termination of Supplier's partnership with Branch and may also lead to civil and criminal penalties.
Suppliers will also ensure their compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other applicable laws that prohibit unlawful activities to procure a business advantage.
Antitrust
Suppliers shall refrain from engaging in any and all acts which are or may be considered counter to antitrust and fair competition legislation and regulations. Additionally, Branch expects its Suppliers to promote a free, open and competitive marketplace by avoiding all forms of anti-competitive acts or collusion. Suppliers’ responsibilities under this section shall apply wherever a Supplier conducts business.
Confidential Information, Data Privacy and Intellectual Property
Our customers, partners and employees entrust us to safeguard their confidential information with the utmost security. As follows, Branch expects all of its Suppliers to protect confidential information and trade secrets regarding Branch and its business practices. Branch confidential information should only be used in accordance with existing confidentiality obligations for authorized purposes, disclosed on a need-to-know basis, and subject to separate written confidentiality obligations. Similarly, intellectual property including, but not limited to trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, logos, and other inventions, belonging to Branch, shall be handled with the appropriate level of care and preserved to the extent legally permissible. We encourage all Suppliers to regularly review their confidentiality practices.
In the event Supplier controls or processes personal information and/or personal data as defined under applicable data protection laws, Suppliers must ensure that their control and processing of such information and data is in accordance with applicable data protection laws, rules, statutes, and regulations. Suppliers are expected to maintain a privacy policy describing its privacy practices and handling of personal information.
Healthy Workplace and Labor Practices
Branch Suppliers must provide all employees with safe and healthy workplace conditions that comply with all applicable laws.
Suppliers will also refrain from engaging or attempting to engage in any and all forms of child labor, modern slavery, and human trafficking in violation of all applicable laws.
Environmental Protection
Branch Suppliers shall conduct their business and operations in such a manner that is respectful, responsible and protective of the environment. At a minimum, Suppliers shall comply with all applicable environmental laws, regulations and standards. Whenever possible, Branch encourages its Suppliers to continually review their internal operations in order to reduce waste, promote clean air initiatives, and conserve resources.
International Trade and Export Controls
Branch expects Suppliers to comply with all applicable import, export, customs, sanctions, embargoes, boycott and other trade compliance laws and regulations during the entirety of Branch and Supplier’s engagement.
Accurate and Complete Books and Records
All Suppliers must maintain accurate records of all transactions and ensure that the Supplier’s books and records accurately and fairly reflect, with appropriate detail, all transactions, expenses, or other dispositions of assets with regard to its business with Branch. No Supplier employee or other worker shall falsify or otherwise mislead Branch with regard to any records or books Supplier maintains.
Reporting Breaches of this Policy
Compliance with this Supplier Code is, first and foremost, the personal responsibility of Suppliers, including every individual employed by Supplier. All personnel are encouraged to report, in person or in writing, any known or suspected violations of this Supplier Code to Branch at
legal@branch.io
. Any questions or violation reports will be addressed promptly.
Branch will not tolerate any retaliation by Supplier against any individual who acts in good faith in reporting any violation of this Supplier Code. Supplier will investigate reported violations and will determine an appropriate response, including corrective action and preventive measures, and will include Branch in this process at its request.
***
Effective June 7th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Technical Audit Services
Statement of Work
This Technical Audit Services Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes the Technical Audit Services (herein referred to as “Audit Services” or “Professional Services”) to be performed by Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Branch”) for the customer purchasing the Audit Services, as set forth in the Order Form (“Customer”) (each a “Party”, collectively the “Parties”) to the extent Customer has purchased Audit Services, and is effective as of the date of Customer’s Order Form. By executing an Order Form that references this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(the “PS Terms”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this SOW and an Order Form referencing this SOW, the SOW shall control.
SCOPE OF AUDIT SERVICES
Branch PS will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer, as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch PS and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will commit reasonable resources to work on the Project in accordance with the terms herein. The term of this SOW, the payment terms, and the fees for the Audit Services provided hereunder are set forth in the Order Form.
Service
Description
Discovery
Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying Customer's integration settings of Branch and review documentation of their configuration
Gather information on Customer’s use cases and priorities
Meet with Customer’s key stakeholders and personnel to gather information about the Customer's current system and integration of Branch
Engagement Management
Support Customers in tracking requests and action items
Conduct regular cadence check-ins to review status of the Audit Services and any issues or problems identified during the engagement
Provide guidance and assistance in identifying key use cases and their expected benefits
Actively monitor for and escalate risks and issues as they pertain to the Audit Services
Integration Assessment
Review Customer’s configuration of its Branch dashboard
Review Customer’s integration of Branch’s iOS and Android SDKs and associated use cases
Review Customer’s integration of their Branch provisioned products and associated use cases
Review analytics tag usage for data hygiene
Summary Findings; Recommendations
Present audit findings to the Customer
Provide assessment of Customer’s Branch integration and outline recommendations on how to leverage Branch’s Services and their provisioned products and use cases
PROJECT ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES
The following table sets forth a list of Project roles (not individuals) required to complete the Project. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is critical for Project success.
Role
Responsibility
Frequency
Estimated Hours
Sponsor
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful Project Completion, and promote process change where necessary
Monthly
5 Hours per Month
Project Manager
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners
Participating in Project meetings
Weekly
2 Hours per Week
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration, and identification of exceptions/risks
Attends Project meetings related to area of ownership
Assists in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices
Participates in user acceptance testing activities
Weekly
2 Hours per Week
Extended Team
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project
Weekly
2 Hours per Week
III.
ASSUMPTIONS
Unless otherwise noted in this SOW or agreed to in writing by the Parties, the following assumptions are based on information provided by the Customer relating to the Project and have been used to estimate Branch PS’s required time, level of effort, and fees. Deviations from these assumptions may lead to commensurate changes in the timeline and fees and will be handled through a formal Change Order.
The Audit Services will be provided for the Branch App ID(s) specified in the Order Form. Upon the Effective Date, Customer shall make available to Branch the resources necessary to support completion of the Project described in this SOW.  Customer will assign a single Project Owner prior to commence the Project who will oversee and help coordinate across all Customer-side resources and tasks in collaboration with Branch PS throughout the Project. It is Customer’s responsibility to assess summary findings and recommendations provided by Branch PS under this SOW and execute any desired changes to Customer’s configuration of Branch’s Services to effectuate Branch’s recommendations. Customer will grant administrative access to its Branch dashboard, as well as an appropriate level of access to other platforms for required support for the Project.
Effective April 13th 2023
to
June 7th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Technical Audit Services
Statement of Work
This Technical Audit Services Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes the Technical Audit Services (herein referred to as “Audit Services” or “Professional Services”) to be performed by Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Branch”) for the customer purchasing the Audit Services, as set forth in the Order Form (“Customer”) (each a “Party”, collectively the “Parties”) to the extent Customer has purchased Audit Services, and is effective as of the date of Customer’s Order Form. By executing an Order Form that references this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at
https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services
(the “PS Terms”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms.
SCOPE OF AUDIT SERVICES
Branch PS will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer, as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch PS and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will commit resources to work on the Project in accordance with the terms herein. The term of this SOW, the payment terms, and the fees for the Audit Services provided hereunder are set forth in the Order Form.
Audit Service
Description
Discovery
Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying Customer's integration settings of Branch and review documentation of their configuration
Gather information on Customer’s use cases and priorities
Meet with Customer’s key stakeholders and personnel to gather information about the Customer's current system and integration of Branch
Engagement Management
Support Customers in tracking requests and action items
Conduct regular cadence check-ins to review status of the Audit Services and any issues or problems identified during the engagement
Provide guidance and assistance in identifying key use cases and their expected benefits
Actively monitor for and escalate risks and issues as they pertain to the Audit Services
Integration Assessment
Review Customer’s configuration of its Branch dashboard
Review Customer’s integration of Branch’s iOS and Android SDKs and associated use cases
Review Customer’s integration of their Branch provisioned products and associated use cases
Review analytics tag usage for data hygiene
Summary Findings; Recommendations
Present audit findings to the Customer
Provide assessment of Customer’s Branch integration and outline recommendations on how to leverage Branch’s Services and their provisioned products and use cases
PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The following table sets forth a list of Project roles (not individuals) required to complete the Project. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is critical for Project success.
Role
Branch PS
Customer
Sponsor
Responsible for allocating Branch PS resources
Serve as escalation contact for issues not resolvable by Branch Project Manager
Advises the Branch PS team
Manages Project resources
Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful service delivery, and promote process change where necessary
Project Manager
Responsible for oversight of Branch PS resources, schedules. Supporting responsibilities include:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Providing guidance and assistance for management of Project issues
Leading Project meetings
Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including:
Attending all key Project meetings
Being a point of contact for day-to-day operations
Securing participation (as required) of key business process owners
Participating in Project meetings
Administrator
N/A
Responsible for ongoing Branch administration, once services are delivered
Manage user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoption
Manage organization’s ongoing Branch use
Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s)
N/A
Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration, and identification of exceptions/risks
Attend Project meetings related to area of ownership
Assist in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices
Participate in user acceptance testing activities
Extended Team
As needed Branch PS resources (including Solution Architects, Subject Matter Experts, Technical and/or Education resources) to support the scope of the Project
Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project
III.
ASSUMPTIONS
The Audit Services will be provided for the Branch App ID(s) specified in the Order Form. Upon the Effective Date, Customer shall make available to Branch the resources necessary to support completion of the Project described in this SOW.  Customer will assign a single Project Owner prior to commence the Project who will oversee and help coordinate across all Customer-side resources and tasks in collaboration with Branch PS throughout the Project. It is Customer’s responsibility to assess summary findings and recommendations provided by Branch PS under this SOW and execute any desired changes to Customer’s configuration of Branch’s Services to effectuate Branch’s recommendations. Customer will grant administrative access to its Branch dashboard, as well as an appropriate level of access to other platforms for required support for the Project.
Effective January 24th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Branch’s Subprocessors
The list below identifies vendors currently authorized by Branch to process personal data on Branch's behalf where Branch is providing services to customers as their processor, service provider, or equivalent under applicable privacy law(s). Branch will update the vendors listed on this page as appropriate, and will further provide any contractually-required additional notifications to customers.
Subprocessor
Description of Processing
Data Center Location(s)
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Branch is hosted on AWS cloud servers
USA
Zendesk
Customer support ticketing platform
USA
Atlassian
Internal ticketing platform
USA
Software Minds, Inc.
Engineering support services
No data centers; Software Minds may access data center(s) Branch utilizes while providing support. Support team is located in Poland.
DataGrail, Inc.
Data subject request portal
USA
You can submit an email to
privacy@branch.io
to subscribe to receive email notifications regarding any new subprocessor.
Effective January 1st 2023
to
January 24th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Branch’s Subprocessors
The list below identifies vendors who process personal data on Branch's behalf where Branch is providing    services to customers as their processor, service provider, or equivalent under applicable privacy law(s).    Branch will update the vendors listed on this page as appropriate, and will further provide any    contractually-required additional notifications to customers.
Vendor Name
Purpose
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Branch is hosted on AWS cloud servers
Zendesk
Branch data subject request portal
Atlassian
Internal tool used to process data subject requests
Effective December 22nd 2022
to
January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Branch’s Subprocessors
The list below identifies vendors who process personal data on Branch's behalf where Branch is providing services to customers as their processor, service provider, or equivalent under applicable privacy law(s). Branch will update the vendors listed on this page as appropriate, and will further provide any contractually-required additional notifications to customers.
Vendor Name
Purpose
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Branch is hosted on AWS cloud servers
Zendesk
Branch data subject request portal
Atlassian
Internal tool used to process data subject requests
Effective December 6th 2022
to
December 22nd 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Branch’s Subprocessors
The list below identifies vendors who process personal data on Branch's behalf where Branch is providing services to customers as their processor, service provider, or equivalent under applicable privacy law(s). Branch will update the vendors listed on this page as appropriate, and will further provide any contractually-required additional notifications to customers.
Vendor Name
Purpose
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Branch is hosted on AWS cloud servers
Twilio
Only for the Text-Me-the-App feature
Zendesk
Branch data subject request portal
Atlassian
Internal tool used to process data subject requests
Effective January 30th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Website Terms of Service
1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS OF SERVICE
Thank you for your interest in Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Branch”, “Us” or “We”) Please read these Website Terms of Service carefully before using any website, and any services made available via such website(s) (collectively, the “Site”) owned or operated by Branch. These terms and conditions, together with Branch’s
Privacy Policy
, which is available at
https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy
(collectively, “Terms”) govern your use of any Site that links to these Terms. Your use of the products and services that are made available online by Branch are governed by a separate agreement.
By clicking “Agree,” accessing, using, or otherwise logging into the Site you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not access or use this Site. Branch may modify these Terms at any time at its sole discretion, and as indicated by the “Effective Date” referenced above. By continuing to use or login to the Site after these Terms have changed, you agree to the revised Terms.
2. ACCESS AND USE RESTRICTIONS
You agree not to access or use the Site in any manner that violates any applicable law, regulation, or any industry guidelines or practices applicable to you or your use of the Site. Failure to comply with these restrictions may result in termination of your access to the Site pursuant to section 10 “Termination” within these Terms.
Whether on behalf of yourself or on behalf of any third party, you agree not to:
Copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, publish, license, sell, distribute, scrape, reverse engineer, adapt, alter, emulate, translate, compile, decompile the Site or any portion thereof for any purpose without Branch’s prior express written authorization
Interfere with or violate any other user’s privacy rights, intellectual property rights, or other rights, or harvest or collect personally identifiable information or personal data (as defined in various data protection regulations) about visitors or users of the Site;
Access or attempt to access or use the Site or any portion thereof through any automated means including but not limited to using any robot, spider, crawler, script, site search or retrieval application
Access or attempt to access or use the Site other than through the interface provided by Branch, or through user accounts of others, without express prior written authorization from Branch;
Use the Site to store, transmit, distribute, display or otherwise make available any infringing or unlawful content, or store or transmit content which may infringe third party rights, including but not limited to intellectual property rights and privacy rights;
Impersonate any person or entity or provide false information on the Site, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, in connection with the Site;
Use the Site to store or transmit material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other malicious code, files, scripts, agents, or programs;
Engage in any activity that disrupts, overburdens, or interferes with the operation of the Site, or the servers or networks that host the Site or make the Site available, including disrupting or threatening the integrity or security of the Site, or interferes, or inhibits any other person from using the Site .
Spam, or send unsolicited email or similar conduct;
Transfer or assign any rights or obligations under these Terms, even temporarily, to a third party;
Use the Site for any fraudulent, illegal, immoral or unauthorized purpose; or
Frame or mirror any part of the Site, without Branch’s express prior written authorization.
3. ACCOUNTS
To access and use certain services, features or content on the Site you may be required to create an account and specify a password. Any information provided during your account registration must be current, complete, true and accurate. If you create an account or an account is created for you, you may not share your account information with anyone else and you agree to treat your account information as confidential. It is your sole responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your account information and to prevent the unauthorized use of your account information. You must ensure that account information is current, complete, and accurate at all times. You must immediately notify Branch of any confidentiality breach or unauthorized use of your account or your account information. You are solely responsible for any and all activities that are conducted through your account. Branch reserves the right to suspend, disable, deactivate, or block your account at any time, for any lawful reason.
4. LINKS
The Site may include links to third party sites; such linked sites are not under Branch’s control and Branch is not responsible for the contents of any linked sites or any links contained in any linked sites, or any changes or updates to such sites. Branch is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of, or affiliation with, any third party site by Branch. Branch reserves the right to remove any links at any time. YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THIRD PARTY SITES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO ANY TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND POLICIES APPLICABLE TO SUCH THIRD PARTY SITES.
5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Except as otherwise specifically noted, the Site and the content included in or made available through the Site such as text, documents, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, brand identities, software characters, trade names, page headers, graphics, button icons, scripts, images, videos, designs, copyrights, trade dress, are and shall remain the exclusive property of of Branch and its affiliates or its licensors, and are protected under copyright, trademark and other intellectual property and proprietary rights laws. As between Branch and you, all right, title and interest in and to the Site and the content included in or made available through the Site will at all times remain with Branch and/or its licensors.
The word “Branch Metrics”, “Branch” and the “Branch” graphics, logos, and other marks, logos and titles are registered and/or common law trade names, trademarks or service marks of Branch and may not be used in any manner without prior written permission of Branch. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans that may appear on the Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Branch. Except as expressly provided herein, nothing on the Site shall be construed as conferring any license under Branch and/or its licensors’ intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Branch may revoke any of the foregoing rights and/or your access to the Site, or any part thereof, including the blocking of your IP Address, at any time without prior notice.
6. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Branch is committed to respecting and protecting the intellectual property rights of others and asks that you do the same. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. If you believe in good faith that any materials accessible on or from the Site infringe upon your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from the Site by submitting written notification (a “
DMCA
Notice
”) to our copyright agent (designated below) in accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (“
DMCA
”). See
http://www.copyright.gov/
for more information. Notices should be sent to:
Branch Copyright Agent
Branch Metrics, Inc.
1975 W El Camino Real Ste. 102
Mountain View, CA 94040
legal@branch.io
650-209-6461
7. DISCLAIMER
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SITE AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND BRANCH DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE. BRANCH FURTHER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ANY PART THEREOF WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, ACCESSIBLE, FUNCTIONAL, UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE AND ERROR-FREE. BRANCH FURTHER DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND IN RELATION TO THE ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS AND COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL
BRANCH AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES , HOWEVER CAUSED CAUSED AND WHETHER AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE OR ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, OR MATERIALS, MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, WHETHER OR NOT BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
9. INDEMNIFICATION
To the full extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify, release, and hold harmless Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns from and against any third party claims, demands, suits, actions, costs, damages, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to: (a) your use of the Site, (b) your violation or alleged violation of these Terms.
10. TERMINATION
Branch may, in its sole discretion, at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice, terminate your access to the Site, including if Branch believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the Terms or if it is required by applicable law, regulation, court or governing agency order.
11. SURVIVAL; MODIFICATION
Branch reserves the right to modify the Site, including adding, amending, suspending, or removing functionality, features, material and content on the Site, and these Terms at any time without notice. Upon termination of the Terms, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Disclaimers, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Indemnity.
12. FEEDBACK
Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, relating to the Site or any part thereof ("
Feedback
"). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to its products or services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.
13. PRIVACY POLICY
Branch respects your privacy. Our website
Privacy Policy
is incorporated herein by reference and describes the collection, use, and sharing of certain personally identifiable information that may be provided in connection with the use of the Site. Please read and understand our Privacy Policy before accessing or using the Site.
14. GOVERNING LAW
Any and all claims arising out of or relating to the Site or these Terms shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
15. GENERAL
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Branch with respect to your use of this Site and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Branch with respect to this Site. A party may only waive its rights under these Terms, by a written document executed by both parties. Any failure to enforce any provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver thereof or of any other provision hereof. If any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the other provisions of these Terms will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
16. ASSIGNMENT
These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under these Terms freely and without consent.
17. FORCE MAJEURE
Neither Party or it affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, and licensors will be responsible for any delay or failure in performance of any part of these Terms to the extent that such delay or failure is caused by an event or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of the Party whose performance is affected and could not have been prevented or corrected through the exercise of reasonable diligence, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications, or denial of service attack (each such event, a “
Force Majeure Event
”). The Party alleging a Force Majeure Event (the “
Affected Party
”) will promptly notify the other Party in writing of the Force Majeure Event, providing reasonable detail of the circumstances giving rise to the Force Majeure Event, and the steps it is taking to remedy the delay or failure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, financial incapability will not be considered as a Force Majeure Event.
18. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about the Site or these Terms you may send an email to
legal@branch.io
.
Sub-policy 11
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 12
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 13
https://www.leanplum.com/privacy/:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: Monday, March 6, 2023
About this policy
This privacy policy (this “Policy”) describes the collection of personal information by Leanplum, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Leanplum,” “we,” or “us”) from users of our website at
www.leanplum.com
(the “Website”), as well as all software and other services provided by us via the Website or third party distributors (collectively, together with the Website, our “Service”). This Policy also describes our use and disclosure of that information. By using our Service, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Policy.
This Policy does not apply to the extent we process Personal Information in the role of a data processor or service provider on behalf of our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) business customers, such as information we receive and process through the Leanplum technology platform. For privacy information related to our business customers’ uses of the Leanplum platform in connection with their mobile applications, websites, emails, texts, or other digital properties, please reach out to the respective business customer directly. For Leanplum customers, where we serve as “Data Processors”, additional information can be found separately in our
Data Processing Addendum
.
Personal Information
“Personal Information,” as used in this Policy, is information that specifically identifies an individual end-user of the Service, such as an individual’s name, address, telephone number, or email address. Personal Information also includes information about an individual’s activities, such as information about his or her activity on our Service, and demographic information, such as date of birth, gender, geographic area, and preferences, when any of this information is linked to Personal Information that identifies that individual. Personal Information does not include “aggregate” or other non-personally identifiable information. Aggregate information is information that we collect about a group or category of products, services, or users that is not personally identifiable or from which individual identities are removed. We may use and disclose aggregate information, and other non-personally identifiable information, for various purposes.
Collection of Information
Information provided by Leanplum customers
Email Newsletters
If you sign up to receive a newsletter from us, we collect your email address.
Downloads, User Accounts, and Profiles
Our Service or third parties may give our customers and their employees the ability to download Leanplum software, register for a Leanplum account, or create and update a user profile on the Service. If we offer such functionality on the Service, we will collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of using that functionality. This information may include, for example, your name, contact information, and system information, as well as information about your interests, preferences, and future needs. We may indicate that some personal information is required for you to download our software, register for the account, or create the profile, while some are optional. To the extent that your user profile is public, we will share your Personal Information in your user profile with others in your organization.
Integrated Service
You may be given the option to access or register for the Service through the use of your user name and passwords for certain services provided by third parties (each an “Integrated Service”), such as through the use of your Facebook credentials through Facebook Connect. By doing this, you authorize us to access and store the credentials you provide, your name, email address(es), date of birth, gender, current city, profile picture URL, and other information that the Integrated Service makes available to us, and to use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy. You should check your Facebook or other Integrated Service privacy settings to understand and change the information sent to us through Facebook Connect or other Integrated Service. Please review each Integrated Service’s terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Interactive Features and Public Areas
Our Service may contain interactive functionality that allows you to engage with other users on the Service, post comments to forums, upload photographs and other content (the “User Content”), participate in surveys, and otherwise interact with the Service and with other users. If you use any interactive functionality on our Service that requests or permits you to provide us with personal information (including, for example, any services that allow you to post User Content on any of our Service), we collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of using these interactive features. You should be aware that any information you provide in chat sessions, message boards, email exchanges, newsgroups, or similarly non-private areas of the Service may be read, collected, and used by others who access these areas, and this information is not Personal Information for the purposes of this Policy. To request the removal of your Personal Information from these areas, please contact us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Correspondence
If you contact us by email, using a contact us form on the Service, or by mail, fax, or other means, we collect the Personal Information contained within and associated with, your correspondence. We use this Personal Information to respond to your correspondence. We may also use your correspondence to improve the Service.
Promotions
We or our advertisers and other business partners may conduct or sponsor special contests, sweepstakes, and other promotions that users may enter or otherwise participate in on our Service. Certain of these promotions may be co-branded with one of our advertisers or other business partners. In these instances, the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the third-party partner on its website or other online service and may be shared with us. The promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such personal information.
Passive Information Collection
When you visit our Service, some information is collected automatically. For example, when you access our Service, we automatically collect certain information, which may include your browser’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type, the nature of the device from which you are visiting the Service (e.g., a personal computer or a mobile device), the identifier for any handheld or mobile device that you may be using, the Web site that you visited immediately prior to accessing any Web-based Service, the actions you take on our Service, and the content, features, and activities that you access and participate in on our Service. We also may collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message.
We may collect this information passively using technologies such as standard server logs, cookies, and clear GIFs (also known as “Web beacons”). We use passively-collected information to administer, operate, and improve the Website and our other services and systems, to improve the effectiveness of advertising on our Service, and to provide advertisements and other content that is tailored to you. If we link or associate any information gathered through passive means with Personal Information, or if applicable laws require us to treat any information gathered through passive means as Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Policy. Otherwise, we use and disclose information collected by passive means in aggregate form or otherwise in a non-personally identifiable form.
Also, please be aware that third parties, such as companies displaying advertisements on the Service, or sites or services provided by third parties (“Third-Party Sites”) that may be linked to or from the Service, may set cookies on your hard drive or use other means of passively collecting information about your use of their services, Third-Party Sites or content. We do not have access to, or control over, these third-party means of passive data collection.
Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you, including Personal Information, from third parties (e.g., opt-in lists where you have requested information about Leanplum or the Service while visiting a Third-Party Site). We may combine this information with other Personal Information we maintain about you. If we do so, this Policy governs any combined information that we maintain in a personally identifiable format.
Additional Information
Links to Other Websites or Services
The Service may contain links to other Web sites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. For example, the Service may contain links to Third-Party Sites such as social networking services. If you choose to visit or use any Third-Party Sites or products or services available on or through such Third-Party Sites, please be aware that this Policy will not apply to your activities or any information you disclose while using those Third-Party Sites or any products or services available on or through such Third-Party Sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third-Party Sites or any products or services on or through them. Additionally, please be aware that the Service may contain links to Web sites and services that we operate but that are governed by different privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies applicable to any Web site or service you visit other than the Service before providing any Personal Information on them.
Children’s Personal Information
Children’s safety is important to us, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active interest in the online activities of their children. Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13 on our Service, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected any such Personal Information on our Service, please notify us at
privacy@leanplum.com
.
Use of Personal Information
We use Personal Information to provide the services and information that you request. We also use your Personal Information to enhance, improve, operate, analyze and maintain our Service and other systems (e.g., to troubleshoot problems); to prevent fraudulent use of our Service and other systems; to prevent or take action against activities that are, or maybe, in violation of our Terms of Service or applicable law; to tailor advertisements, content, and other aspects of your experience on and in connection with the Service; to maintain a record of our dealings with you; for other administrative purposes (e.g., contacting you regarding administrative information or notices); to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements with you, and for any other purposes that we may disclose to you at the point at which we request your Personal Information, and pursuant to your consent.
We may also use the Personal Information you provide to contact you regarding products, services, and offers, both from ourselves and from third parties, that we believe you may find of interest. We allow you to opt-out from receiving marketing communications from us as described in the “Choice” section below.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information that we collect on the Service to third parties without your consent. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as under the following circumstances:
Service Providers
We may disclose Personal Information to third-party service providers (e.g., value-added resellers, payment processors, data storage, and processing facility vendors) that assist us in our work. We limit the Personal Information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such Personal Information and to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as we do.
Public Areas
Some features on our Service may allow you to upload, post, or otherwise transmit User Content to public areas of the Service, such as comments that you post on a blog entry on the Service. Please be aware that any Personal Information that you include within any User Content will be made available to other users of the Service. You include Personal Information in User Content at your discretion. We may allow you to select privacy options that limit access to some types of Personal Information in User Content, but no security measures are impenetrable or perfect. Additionally, even after information posted on the Website is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Service.
Business Transfers
Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which Personal Information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
To Protect Leanplum Business Interests
We may also disclose Personal Information if we believe that doing so is legally required, or is in our interest to protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights or property of others, or otherwise to help protect the safety or security of our Service and other users of the Service.
Public Authorities
Leanplum may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements
Event and Conference Sponsors
We may share your Personal Information with third parties that sponsor Leanplum events or conferences that you attend. Otherwise, Leanplum does not offer or allow the sale of any of your Personal Information to third parties.
Leanplum Inc. is liable for appropriate onward transfers of personal data to third parties.
Choice to Opt-out
Leanplum provides you with the opportunity to choose (opt-out) whether your personal information is to be disclosed to a third party or to be used for a purpose that is incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. You may exercise your choice by contacting Leanplum at:
privacy@leanplum.com
.
If you receive an email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt-out from receiving email from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time (e.g., by postal mail) by sending your request to us by email at
privacy@leanplum.com
or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this policy. Additionally, we may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us.
Please note that if you opt-out of receiving an email from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your opt-out request, and you may receive an email from us during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding our Service.
Access to Personal Information
If you wish to access or amend the Personal Information we hold about you, you may contact us at
privacy@leanplum.com
, or the other methods described under “Contacting Us” below.
If you request that we delete your account on any of our Service (via a user settings page, by email, or otherwise), we will do so within a reasonable period of time, but we may need to retain some of your Personal Information in order to satisfy our legal obligations, or where we reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
However, as an employee of a Leanplum customer, if we offer the ability to create user accounts or profiles on our Service, you have the right to access and update many categories of Personal Information that you provide to us by logging in to your account and accessing your account settings.
European Union, United Kingdom, and California Residents
International Visitors
Our servers and data centers are located in the United States (U.S.). If you choose to use the Service from outside the U.S., please know that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of your region and into the U.S. for storage and processing. By providing your Personal Information to us through your use of the Service, you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing in the U.S. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with the storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service. You should know that each region can have its own privacy and data security laws, some of which may be less stringent as compared to those of your own region.
European Union (EU) or the United Kingdom (UK) residents
The EU and UK’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) specifies that EU and UK residents have the following rights regarding the collection, storage, and processing of their personal information:
Be informed
Access
Rectification
Erasure
Restrict processing
Data portability
To object
To not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling
To lodge a data protection complaint with your local supervisory authority
In compliance with both the EU and UK’s GDPR, Leanplum commits to resolve applicable inquiries and requests related to these rights. Residents of the EU and UK can send us an email to
privacy@leanplum.com
.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Compliance
Please refer to Leanplum privacy shield policy at:
https://www.leanplum.com/privacy-shield-policy/
California residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) specifies that California residents have the following rights regarding collection, storage and processing of their personal information:
Be informed about what data is being collected, before collection
Access
Deletion
Opt-in or Opt-out of marketing, analytics, or similar activities
Equal services
In compliance with CCPA, Leanplum commits to resolve applicable inquiries and requests related to these rights. Residents of California can send us an email to
privacy@leanplum.com
.
Security
We use reasonable, industry-standard security measures that are designed to protect personal information from accidental loss, disclosure, misuse, and destruction. In addition, Leanplum voluntarily undertakes annual, independent audits of systems and operational practices. Please be aware, however, that no data security measures can be guaranteed to be completely effective. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you provide to us. You transmit information to us at your own risk. Always select a password that is unlikely to be available or discovered by others, and never disclose your password to any third parties. You are responsible for all Personal Information submitted through your account or user profile and all actions taken through your account and user profile. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.
Updates to this Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the beginning of the Policy. Your continued use of our Service after such changes will be subject to the then-current policy. If we change this Policy in a manner that is materially less restrictive of our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the change and to obtain your consent prior to applying the change to any Personal.
Information that we collected from you prior to the date the change becomes effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy. Please contact us using the contact information available on our Website:
https://www.leanplum.com/contact-us/
Before you leave,
check out our product tour
See how Leanplum will drive customer engagement for your mobile app.
Explore product
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Sub-policy 14
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 15
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy:
Policy
Terms
Privacy
Community
Merchant
Advertising
Developers
Copyright
Trademark
Enforcement
Transparency
Call Recordings
Non-User Notice
Privacy Policy
We're updating our Privacy Policy, effective April 30, 2025. You can preview the updated Privacy Policy
here
.
California Privacy Statement
California Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection
here
.
Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. We added more details about the personal data that we collect and how we may share it.
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties.
We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other
products
or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information.
Account Information
: When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, country of residence, your interests, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile.
Content
: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users.
Precise location information
: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings.
Your communications with us
: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications.
Your contacts
: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.
2. We also get technical information when you use Pinterest
When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Device information
: We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings, and unique device identifiers.
Log data
: When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button) browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services. You can
learn more about the log data we collect here
.
Information from cookies and similar technologies
: We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Usage data and inference
s. When you’re on our Services, we use your activity—such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create, and any text that you add in a comment or description—along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up and information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience.
Location Information
: We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
User Choices
: We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications.
3. Our partners and advertisers share information with us
We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:
Third party platforms
: If you register for or log into the Service using a third party platform (like Facebook or Google), they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or log-in with us. In addition, if you
connect your third-party accounts
to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data.
Technical service partners
: We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms.
Advertisers or other partners
: Online advertisers or third parties share information with us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services.
Learn more about the Pinterest Tag
and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.
You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
How we use the info we collect
We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behavior. For example, if we see you’re into cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our
Terms of Service
.
Respond to your questions or comments.
Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customize your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer we may show you that retailer’s Pins that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings.
Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to
stop getting other notifications
by updating your
settings
.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we:
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms.
Conduct
age verification
, as appropriate. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding.
Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models.
Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information.
We also use your information to personalize the ads you see
Specifically, we use the information we collect to:
Decide which ads to show you, directly on Pinterest, and
depending on where you live
, show you ads through our partners. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required.
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you.
Learn more
about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out.
Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below.
We use info based on legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or those of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests and fundamental rights.
To show you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you, we:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, topics or content you might like based on your activity on our Services. For example, if you engage with cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins and boards.
Customize your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behavior. For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive a personalized, unique and relevant offering, as this is why users come to the Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To build your community on our Services, we:
Suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like.
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you choose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will access contacts stored on your device to help you find out if your contacts are on our Services.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to help you make connections you may know in order to deliver a relevant and unique Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your contacts
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To make and keep Pinterest safe, we:
Work with law enforcement and researchers to keep Pinterest safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts, or from researchers to study activity on Pinterest. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violation of our policies or Terms.
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
Conduct age verification. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to secure Pinterest systems and fight spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities and promote safety and security on Pinterest.
It is also in our interest and the interests of other users to ensure our Services are used in accordance with our Terms.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To improve, innovate and develop our Services, we:
Conduct analytics and research on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models. Some of this information may be aggregated or de-identified.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and the interests of Pinterest’s users that we improve, promote and develop the Service in an informed way.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To seek legal advice or protect Pinterest in litigation or other disputes, we:
Preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes violations of our Terms and policies.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of Pinterest, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To communicate with you, we:
Respond to your questions or comments.
Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like. Depending on where you live, this may be marketing and in certain cases we will obtain your consent. You can decide to
stop getting these notifications
by updating your
settings
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to learn of new features and elements that may be of interest to them.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver advertising that is relevant, interesting and personal on our Services, we:
Decide which ads to show you based on information on our Services. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive relevant and interesting adverts for products or services they are interested in, as opposed to receiving randomized and generic ads which they may have no interest in. This is also the primary funding of the service and allows users to continue enjoying the service free-of-charge and allows Pinterest to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To provide measurement and ad analytics we:
Use aggregated information from our measurement providers to tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are performing, and how to make them better. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to enable business accounts and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This is also in the interest of other users as this helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Service free for all users.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver ads, off Pinterest, that are relevant, interesting and personal to you about Pinterest, we:
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, and a hashed version of your email address to services we use to market Pinterest to you on sites and apps other than Pinterest, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others.
Legitimate interests relied on
We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
We use info to comply with our legal obligations
Why and how we use your info
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when doing so in response to a court order, search warrant, production order, subpoena or similar legal request.
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when we think it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including sharing with researchers, law enforcement, or other authorities.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints. We retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for two years, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
Examples of laws that can require us to process information in the above way include:
Regulatory matters: to comply with regulatory obligations like under privacy laws (GDPR) and the Digital Services Act (DSA).
Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, GDPR).
Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997.
Issues relating to the safety of our Service and to protect rights, property and users
We keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our Terms, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
We use info where you give us consent
How and why we use your info
Where you have given us consent (for example through your device settings):
Allowing searching with photos. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Ads on Pinterest based on offsite activities. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have already obtained.
Lead ads. If you submit information via a lead ad form (for example, to sign up for an advertiser’s mailing list or for a consultation), we will share that information with the advertiser as described on the form.
Promotion of Creators. If you choose to provide race or ethnicity information we will use it to promote you as a Creator, for example during Black History Month, or reach out to you about events.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your
account settings
and, if you still need help, our
Help Center
.
Access
: You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you in a portable format. You can find more information about this
through our Help Center
.
Correction/rectification
: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile.
Deletion/erasure
: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions.
Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale”
: As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Additional rights in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you also have some additional rights:
Right to object or restrict processing
: You can object to direct marketing from us or where we rely on legitimate interests to process your information. You can object through this
form
.
Right to withdraw consent
: Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your data, you can withdraw your consent at any stage. The lawfulness of Pinterest’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to portability
: You can have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, and, where it's technically feasible for us to do so.
Right to lodge a complaint
: If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country.
In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form:
Forms for Data Protection
.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can:
Edit information in your profile
,
Link or unlink your Pinterest account
from other services (like Facebook or Google),
Edit secret board settings
, and
Close your account at any time
. We also support settings such as Limit Ad Tracking in iOS and Ads Personalization in Android devices.
You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:
The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us.
For users who reside in certain U.S. states and have enabled an opt-out preferences signal (such as Global Privacy Control), we will respect this preference when you use Pinterest.
How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:
With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to
link your Pinterest account
to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.
Depending on where you live, we share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services, showing you ads through our partners, and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. For example, when you fill out a lead ad form, or click on an ad on Pinterest, we’ll share this information with advertising partners.
With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.
With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, researchers, or other parties in compliance with laws, rules, or regulations. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share information if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person in emergency situations. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
. We may share your publicly accessible information with independent researchers who meet certain criteria, to combat societal harms.
With our corporate family of companies, including wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
Transferring your information
Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
Additional steps for data transfers in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take additional steps related to data transfers. Information controlled by Pinterest Europe Limited will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. Safeguards which we rely on in ensuring your information benefits from an adequate level of protection includes the following:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions issued from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to some countries with such adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here; or
Standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”). The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation; and
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or SCCs, please contact us via the details provided in the Contact us section below.
How long we keep your information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't use it to identify you.
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, here is some further information on our retention practices: We keep your information only so long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, which include providing our Service, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis. We keep account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account.
Our policy on children's information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you may only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the
Help Center
for more information.
How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new policy applies to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email.
Contact us
The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the
Help Center
. If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
You can also contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
Effective Date outside EEA, UK, and Switzerland: March 13, 2024
Effective Date in EEA, UK, and Switzerland: April 30, 2024
Table of Contents
California Privacy Statement
Summary of changes
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Scope of the Privacy Policy
We collect information in a few different ways
How we use the info we collect
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
Your Rights and Choices
How and when we share information
Transferring your information
How long we keep your information
Our policy on children's information
How we make changes to this policy
Contact us
Sub-policy 16
http://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your
parent or guardian to do so on your behalf
). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us
here
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens
here
.
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 17
https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 18
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Intuit digital properties use cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies to provide you the best possible experience on and off our sites. You may opt-out of the use of cookies and trackers that may share some limited personal information with our third party advertising partners using the option below. For more information on how we use Cookies and Tracking Technologies, please review our
Cookies Policy.
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 19
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy:
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Reviewed: April 12, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our     highest priorities. This Privacy Policy includes a description of our     information practices, how we use tracking technologies, as well as the     decisions you may make regarding how your information is collected and     used.
California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Employees, Job Applicants,       Owners, Directors, Officers, and Contractors:
If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or Singapore and     you are an employee, controlling owner, director, officer, or independent     contractor of ours, see the
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
below. If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or     Singapore and a job applicant, see
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Introduction and Background
OneSignal, Inc. is a U.S. company located at 201 S. B Street, San Mateo, CA     94401 (“OneSignal” “we,” “us,” and “our”).
OneSignal is a customer engagement platform for companies around the world     to enable their relationships with (and communicate with) their customers.     This is primarily done by leveraging first party data (the company’s data on     their customers) to personalize and automate messaging by the company     through various channels, such as email, SMS, mobile push notifications, web     push notifications, and in-app messaging.
OneSignal collects this first party data through a software development kit     (“
SDKs
”) that companies use in their mobile applications and websites. These web     and mobile SDKs permit app developers and website operators to send, manage,     optimize and customize messages to their customers and users. All of our     services are referred to collectively as our “
Services,
” and the app developers, website operators, business customers, partners     and advertisers are referred to collectively as our “
Clients.
”
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains our personal information practices regarding:
Our Client’s end users and customers (“
Client End Users
”),
Our Clients’, partners’, and vendors’ business representatives (e.g., their     employees), and
Users of our website(s), including any website on which this Privacy Policy     is posted, which we separately describe in Section 4,
below
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites or hosted     services you may find or access through our website. This Privacy Policy     also does not apply to our Client’s data practices.  If you submit     personal information to any of those sites or services or to our Clients,     your information will be governed by their privacy policies. We encourage     you to carefully read the privacy policy of any site you visit or hosted     service you use.
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy mean     information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of     being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or     indirectly, to an individual or household.
Data Controller or Data Processor
OneSignal is primarily a data processor (or service provider) in relation     to the Services we provide to our Clients, such as when a Client deploys our     technology in order to collect, process or transfer their first party data.     In some cases we operate as a data controller (or business) when we process     personal information of our business contacts, employees, and     representatives.
1. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy     or any portion thereof. Any changes will be effective from the time of     publication of the new privacy policy. Your continued use of the Services     after the changes have been implemented shall indicate your agreement with     the terms of such revised privacy policy. Otherwise, and if the new privacy     policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Services. Where     required by law we will notify you and/or obtain your     consent.
2. Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our     Data Protection Officer at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
or at 201 S. B Street, Suite 200 San Mateo, CA 94401.
3. Our Data Practices on our SDKs
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Web       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
A unique cookie identifier, which may uniquely identify a Client End       User
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with       apps and websites
What push notifications have been sent to a Client End User
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information about a Client End User’s browser, such as browser language       type and version of operating system (e.g., Android, iOS); network       provider; language setting; time zone
Web pages visited that have implemented the SDK, and information about       those visits (e.g., session duration, time-stamp, referring URLs)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Mobile       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
Mobile device or account identifiers which may be associated with other       information, including inference data that Clients create on Client End       Users
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Purchases made within an app
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with the       app
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information associated with or related to devices, such as device type       (e.g., mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g.,       Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari, Chrome,       etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type (such as       WiFi)
How a user has used the App (e.g., session duration, time-stamp)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Precise Location information, generally a Client End User’s lat/long data       (i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate with       Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app is in use.       (Location information is only collected the user has granted permission to       the App to collect this, and the app chooses to send this data to       OneSignal)
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Sensitive Information
We generally ask our Clients not to provide us with any sensitive     information of the Client End Users. However, if they do provide us with     sensitive information, then as a service provider to our Clients, we rely on     our Clients to obtain consent (if required by applicable law) or provide opt     out rights (if required by law) and to provide all rights to individuals as     are required by applicable law, contract, or otherwise. Where applicable and     required by law, we may enter into U.S. business associate agreements with     our Clients for the processing of protected health     information.
We refer to all of the above collectively as the “
SDK Information .”Sources of SDK Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by our Clients
Information automatically collected from our Clients’ use of the     Services
How We Use the SDK Information
We use the SDK Information on behalf of our Clients for the purpose of     providing the Services to our Clients. This includes:
To offer and support app and website features provided through the SDKs,     including those related to push notifications. This includes, for instance,     providing customer, technical and operational support for these features,     detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;     resolving disputes and enforcing our legal terms and other rights we may     have. It also includes analyzing, customizing, and improving the features we     offer Clients.
To provide information and analytics to our Clients about the use of these     app and website features provided through the SDKs, or to help Clients     create or enhance user profiles of Client End Users.
To enable Clients to create inferences about Client End Users. For instance,     if SDK Information indicates that a particular device is frequently seen at     restaurants, we might categorize a user for targeting of local restaurant     offers. Or, if a user is frequently seen at sports stadiums, we might     categorize the user as a “Sports Fan.”
To develop and use “predictive models” which are data models that try to     predict Client End Users’ potential future behavior and interests on a     per-device basis or across devices.
To analyze ad performance, for instance, by attributing Client End Users’     app installations, web visits, or store visits to ad campaigns.
Sometimes, the SDK Information may be used to resolve identities across     multiple devices, such as to match IP addresses or hashed emails to link a     Client End User across (for instance) browsers, mobile devices, tablets, set     top boxes, or other devices.
Sometimes the SDK Information may be used to perform any of the above     functions, or other marketing or analytics services. Or, we may aggregate     and create data “models” to do this – creating algorithms in order to     predict certain trends and things that different Client End Users might have     in common.
We may deploy online cookies to track users across websites, or to     associate users (and these cookies) with Mobile IDs. We may do this to     resolve user identifies across platforms, and to better or more accurately     target messages. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies,     such as web beacons and SDKs, in the Section titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
.”
We may also use the SDK Information for the following purposes:
To explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
To prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; to protect     the security of our services or website; to comply with applicable law; to     comply with legal process and our legal obligations; to respond to requests     or requirements from public, law and government authorities and private     parties; to enforce our terms; to allow us to pursue available remedies or     limit potential damages; and to exercise or defend legal claims
In other ways with your consent or at your direction
How We Disclose the SDK Information
We may disclose SDK Information to the following categories of third     parties:
Service Providers.
We disclose the SDK Information on our Clients’ behalf to service providers,     contractors and other companies to fulfill your orders, operate our     business, communicate with you and make available our Services and this     Website. These service providers may help us perform any of the activities     set forth in Section 2. For instance, we may disclose certain of the     information we collect or receive to companies that help us with billing and     payment, marketing, advertising and email marketing, data enhancement (e.g.,     to provide more relevant offers), website hosting, technology and customer     support, web and marketing analytics, anti-fraud or security operations, and     other operational, marketing or business support.
We likewise may disclose the SDK Information or data segments regarding a     Client (for instance, related to push notifications they send) for that     Client’s own advertising, analytics, or other purposes.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliates (e.g., our     subsidiaries).
Buyers and investors.
We may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with, or     during negotiations of, any acquisition of our business, financing or     similar transaction.
Other third parties for legal purposes.
We may also disclose your information if we believe it is required: (a) to     prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our services and website; (d)     under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal     obligations; (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and     government authorities (including national security and law enforcement     requirements) and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions;     (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages; and     (i) to exercise or defend legal claims.
Other ways with consent.
We may disclose your personal information in other ways with your consent or     at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for cross context behavioral advertising or for targeted advertising     purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning     you.
4. Our Data Practices on the OneSignal Website(s)
OneSignal Website Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information from visitors of our     website(s) (the “
OneSignal Website Information,
” including the website on which this Privacy Policy appears (“
OneSignal Website(s)
”):
Identifiers that you disclose to us on the OneSignal Websites, such as name,     email address, phone number, and other contact information. For example, you     provide your personal information when you request information from us, fill     out a form on our website, or interact with us in other ways.
Internet or other electronic network activity information that is collected     by automated mechanisms (e.g., with cookies, unique IDs, pixels and other     locally stored objects), such as visitor interactions with the OneSignal     Websites. (You can learn more about these technologies below in the Section     titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
”). We may use third party-services such as Google Analytics, in which case     those third parties gather information such as your IP address, browser     type, the webpage from which you came to our website, and the times of your     access to the OneSignal Website. In addition, as you browse our website,     advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand     what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners may then help     us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the     OneSignal Website. To “opt out” of having your information used to tailor     ads to you in this way by third party ad platforms that we may work with or     provide data to, please review the Section below titled “
Consumer Control and Opt Out  Options
”  to learn how to opt-out of these services and instead receive     generic, non-tailored ads. When we do use these types of third party     advertising partners, we endeavor to limit and restrict their processing to     acting solely as our service provider and data processor.
Audio and electronic information of our Clients’, partners’, and vendor’s     employees and other representatives in connection with business calls and     business email communications.
Professional or employment related information about our Clients’,     partners’, and vendors’ employees and other representatives.
Sensitive information, as defined under applicable law, which may include     location data and account login data
Sensitive Information
If you are a California resident and you have created an online login     account with us, your account login information may be treated as sensitive     information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The     account is set up in your capacity as a representative of one of our     Clients. We use that information at your specific request and to perform our     services to the Client. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose     of inferring characteristics about you. Also, we do not sell sensitive     information and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive     information for the purpose of behavioral advertising. You may ask us to     delete this account information, but you will not be able to log in anymore     on behalf of the Client.
Sources of OneSignal Website Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by you
Information automatically collected from your use of the OneSignal     Website
Information collected in connection with our business relationship (e.g.     interactions with you as a representative of one of our Clients, partners,     or vendors)
How We Use the OneSignal Website Information
In addition to the uses described above, we use the OneSignal Website     Information (alone or in combination) to provide, market, and operate the     OneSignal Websites and Services. Among other things, by collecting the     OneSignal Website Information, we are able to:
Perform our contract obligations, including maintaining and offering access     to the OneSignal Websites and Services and optimizing how they’re offered to     our Clients.
Send information about our products and services, including administrative     and marketing communications.
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries.
Customize the content and advertising you see on the OneSignal Websites,     across the Internet, and elsewhere.
Explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
Prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; protect our rights,     privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; protect the     security of our services or website; comply with applicable law; comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; respond to requests or requirements     from public, law and government authorities and private parties; to enforce     our terms; allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages;     and exercise or defend legal claims.
Use your information in other ways with your consent or at your     direction.
How We Disclose the OneSignal Website Information
We may disclose the OneSignal Website Information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service providers, such as third parties that help us to provide the     OneSignal Websites or Services and make them available and functional (such     as hosting services); entities that help us make available or transmit any     information we hold (such as helping us send emails, process payments, and     manage customer information); and entities that help us (including our     contractors, agents, and affiliates) provide technical, customer, billing,     administrative, event planning, marketing or operational services to us or     our Clients.
Corporate affiliates such as subsidiaries.
A third party as part of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment,     change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or     liquidation, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an     event (e.g., due diligence).
A third party if we believe it is required: (a) to prevent or stop activity     that we may think is, or is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally     actionable activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property,     and that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security     of our services and website; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or     requirements from public, law and government authorities (including national     security and law enforcement requirements) and private parties; (g) to     enforce our terms and conditions; (h) to allow us to pursue available     remedies or limit potential damages; and (i) to exercise or defend legal     claims.
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for targeted advertising purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning you.
5. Cookies, Pixel Tags and SDKs
Cookies and Pixel Tags.
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such     as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your     computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your device or     browser. Our servers may send your device a cookie when you visit the     OneSignal Websites, and our Clients and partners may do likewise on our     OneSignal Websites, our Clients’ websites, and elsewhere. A pixel tag (also     commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel     that is placed on certain web pages. When you access web pages on which a     pixel tag is deployed, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the     visit and permit OneSignal, our Clients or partners to set or read cookies.     Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to anonymously track the     activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you     disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect an anonymous website visit.     OneSignal, alone or with our Clients and partners, may use cookies to, among     other things, “remember” you (e.g., when you visit the OneSignal Websites or     the websites of our Clients or partners), track trends, and collect     information about how you use our Clients’ or partners’ websites or interact     with advertising. We and partners we work with use cookies to provide     relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better     match your interests. We may sometimes use other locally stored objects in     ways similar to how we use cookies. Often, these objects are deleted when     you clear your browser cookie cache, but because this may not always occur     (depending on the browser you use), we recommend that if you wish to opt out     of notification features or third party interest-based advertising you     instead follow the steps we have set forth in Section 7 titled “
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options.
”
Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.
We may use or work with partners who use mobile SDKs (including our     own SDKs, which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect     information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising     IDs), and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact     with our Services and those using our Services. The SDK is computer code     that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown,     data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use     this technology, for instance, to identify users through mobile applications     and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. We do     not collect advertising identifiers such as IDFAs or Android Advertising     IDs.
Social Media Widgets.
The OneSignal Website may include social media features, such as the     Twitter button, and widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive     mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you     are visiting on the website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to     function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a     third party or hosted directly on the website. Your interactions with these     features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing     it.
Do Not Track Signals.
OneSignal currently does not respond to browser do not track (DNT)     signals, so we may not be aware of, or may be unable to respond to, such     signals.
6. Data Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the SDK Information and Website Information     for as long as reasonably necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in     this Privacy Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve     disputes and enforce our agreements. We may delete user information from     certain apps that we deem as “inactive,” in-line with applicable privacy     laws and privacy best practices, and in response to requests from Clients     and individuals. In general, “inactive” apps include apps with no recent     messages sent or impressions made, no recent logins by accounts associated     with the app, and/or no meaningful changes in user counts.
When considering the retention period for personal information, we consider     the nature, sensitivity, and amount of the personal information, the     potential risk of harm from unauthorized disclosure or use, and our legal,     regulatory, tax, accounting and other similar obligations.
For customers on our free plan, we delete push subscribers that have not     been active for the past 18 months. Push subscribers are considered dormant     if the subscriber: (1) has not used the customer’s  mobile app or     visited the customer’s  website in more than 18 months, or (2)     OneSignal has not processed any data points for the subscriber in more than     18 months. For customers on active paid plans, their subscribers will be     retained until the customer chooses to delete them.
7. Data Security
We have reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in     place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and     communications networks. These safeguards are designed to protect     information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use,     modification, or disclosure and to protect the confidentiality, integrity,     and accessibility of personal information. In addition, we are SOC 2 Type 2     certified and have a SOC 2 Type 2 report certifying that our security     policies and controls meet industry standards. This report captures how we     safeguard customer data and how well those controls are     operating.
Note that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure     and  we cannot guarantee absolute security of personal     information.
8. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age     of 18. Our services and our website are directed to and intended for people     who are at least 18 years old or older. If you are a parent or guardian and     you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,     please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal     information from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental     consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers and     databases.
If our Clients provide us with information about individuals under the age     of 18, as a service provider we rely on our Clients to obtain consent (if     required by applicable law) or provide opt out rights (if required by law)     and otherwise to provide such rights to individuals and their parents or     legal guardians as are required by applicable law, contract, or     otherwise.
9. Third-Party Websites and Apps
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites     and applications that use our Services. Likewise, when you access the     OneSignal Website, you may be directed to other websites that are also     beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies     and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the     industry tools that we have referenced in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy     Policy, however, only applies to the OneSignal Site and the     Services.
10. European Data - Legal Grounds
If you are a visitor to our OneSignal Website from the European Economic     Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and     using the personal information described above will depend on the personal     information concerned and the specific context in which we collect     it.
Our legal grounds for processing your personal information may be one or     more of the following:
Consent: in some cases, we rely on your consent, which you can withdraw at     any time
Performance of a contract with you: we might need to process your personal     information to perform our obligations or to take steps prior to entering     into a contract with you
Compliance with law: in some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or     retain your personal data
Legitimate interests: we may also process your personal information where it     is necessary for our legitimate interests in a way that might be expected as     part of running our business and not overridden by your data protection     interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we process your personal information on behalf of a Client, we rely on     our Client’s legal ground for processing your personal information on their     behalf.
11. Individuals From Outside the United States
Data is hosted and stored in Europe and accessed in the United States, as     well as other countries where our offices or facilities are located or where     our service providers operate. The data protection and other laws of the     United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By     using the OneSignal Website or Services you consent to your information     being transferred to our offices and facilities and to those of our service     providers to whom we disclose it.
Standard Contractual Clauses
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or     Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is     transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (a) processing it in a territory     that provides an adequate level of protection based on its data protection     laws; or (b) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal     information, such as relying on the European standard contractual clauses     (and the United Kingdom addendum, if applicable). OneSignal currently relies     on these European standard contractual clauses for data transfers and the     Data Privacy Framework (see below).
Data Privacy Framework
OneSignal complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK     Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OneSignal     has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the     EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the     European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in     reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OneSignal has certified to     the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland     in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the     terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the     Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF principles shall govern. To learn more     about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
OneSignal commits to applying the DPF’s Principles to all Personal Data     that OneSignal in the U.S. receives from European Economic Area member     countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland in reliance on the respective     DPF.
Our compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement     powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, we     are also liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal     information in a way that does not follow the DPF.
Please email us at
privacy@onesignal.com
with any questions, concerns, or complaints about our DPF certification. You     can resolve any applicable disputes with us related to our certification     free of charge through JAMS (
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.     You can contact JAMS as described at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding     arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other     means, as described in Annex I to the DPF Framework (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/framework-text
)
OneSignal agrees to periodically review and verify its compliance with the     DPF Principles, and to remedy any issues arising out of failure to comply     with the DPF Principles. OneSignal acknowledges that its failure to provide     an annual self-certification to the U.S. Department of Commerce will remove     it from the Department’s list of DPF participants.
12. Consumer Control and Opt Out Options
You may have the following privacy rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, or request deletion
of your     personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to
opt-out of marketing communications
(including emails),     click on the “opt-out” link in our marketing communications or contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
See
Certain US Rights
and
Rights of Europeans
below for additional rights that may apply to you.
Opting Out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to     your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing     those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. Different device     configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these     settings work.
Your choice to opt out of “Notifications” from the OneSignal platform will     not affect notifications placed by any other organization.
Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties
You can opt out of many of the platforms and service providers that     facilitate online interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital     Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page, at     http://www.aboutads.info/. This type of opt out is cookie based and specific     to each browser, which means that if you replace or upgrade your browser, or     delete your cookies, you will need to opt out again. Opting out in this way     will not prevent you from receiving ads – it will just make the ads you see     less customized to you.
Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices by Third       Parties
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for     certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral     advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile     device.
Additional Choices – Our Clients
Our Clients may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their     collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy     policies of our Clients to learn more about their privacy     practices.
Where you wish to enforce any of these rights in respect of our Services,     you should contact the Client who provides you with the website or mobile     application. We will then help them to fulfill that request in accordance     with their instructions and applicable legal requirements.
Additional Choices - Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, you may opt out of having your personal information used for a     purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was     originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We do not disclose     your personal data to third parties except to our service providers who act     on our behalf.  If we were to disclose your personal data to other     parties who are not our service providers, we would allow you to opt     out.
We ask that our clients not disclose to us any sensitive information about     you (e.g., personal information specifying medical or health conditions,     racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical     beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of     the individual). If we do receive sensitive information about you from our     clients, then European data protection law and the Data Privacy Framework     requires us to obtain your consent. We rely on our clients to obtain any     consent needed to disclose sensitive information to us.
13. Certain US Rights
As a California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut or Utah resident, you may     have the additional rights below.
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction
Right to deletion
Right of no discrimination and no retaliation
Right to appeal (certain states)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising, and     profiling).
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
Know, Access, and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you     about our collection and use of your personal information. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to     you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about     you.
Our purposes for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that personal     information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you – you can     then copy and port that information.
Correction
You have the right to request that OneSignal correct any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will correct your personal     information.
Deletion
You have the right to request that OneSignal delete any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained, subject to     certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer     request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless     an exception applies under applicable law.
Right of No Discrimination and No Retaliation
We will not retaliate or discriminate against you for exercising any of     your rights under applicable law. You have the right not to receive     discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of these     rights.
Appeal Right – Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut Residents
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of     that decision and the justification for declining to take     action.
If we decline to take action at the direction of our Client, you must     contact the Client directly to appeal the decision.
For Virginia residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email
.  Within 60 days after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of     any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is     denied, you may contact Virginia’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint.
For Colorado residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 45 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. We may extend this period by 60 additional     days where reasonably necessary. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Colorado’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://coag.gov/file-complaint/.
For Connecticut residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no     later than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to     us via email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 60 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Connecticut’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request you     are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction, or     deletion).
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal     information.
14. Rights of Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, if your personal information is protected under applicable     European data protection law, you may have the following rights:
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Right in relation to automated decision-making and profiling*
Right to withdraw consent
Right to lodge a complaint
*OneSignal currently does not engage in automated decision-making or     profiling.
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
If you wish to exercise the rights above, contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal     information, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing     we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your     personal information conducted in reliance on other legal grounds other than     consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our     collection and use of your personal information. For more information,     please contact your local supervisory authority.
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
This Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore     Company Workforce (“
Workforce Notice
”) applies solely to employees, controlling owners, directors, officers,     independent contractors, and medical staff (if any) of OneSignal who are     California, United Kingdom or Singapore residents (“you” or the “
Company Workforce
”). California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore job applicants can review     our careers privacy policy here:
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Information We Collect from Company Workforce
We collect the following categories of personal information from our     Company Workforce:
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our         Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes         set forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do         not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring         characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information,         and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for         the purpose of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we         collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the         following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health,           medical and other benefit plans, keeping track of your records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to           and administering 401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law,           evaluating performance, tracking efficiency and productivity,           protecting against disclosure of confidential information and trade           secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws and company           policies.
Independent contractors
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting           you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance,           tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of           confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance           with applicable laws and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We           may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,           administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring           compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
.           We may also use your information if we believe it is required or           appropriate: (a) to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or           is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable           activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and           that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security           of our Services; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal           process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or           requirements from public, law and government authorities (including           national security and law enforcement requirements) and private           parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to allow us           to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your           personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law               .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the         following categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information           for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal         information to other companies for their cross-context behavioral         advertising purposes. “Sell” and “share” are defined under the         CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because         OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for         cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and         profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain         processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore           Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable         consumer request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request           you are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction,           or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite           200, San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make         a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You         may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor         child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal         information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the         request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer         request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the         request.
Category
Examples of information collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online           identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,           Social Security number (or local equivalent), driver’s license number,           passport number, visa information, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer           Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or           description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s           license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,           education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit           card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,           medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal           law.
Age (40 years or older), race, national origin, medical condition,           disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran or military status.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s           interaction with a website or application.
Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Audio and electronic data.
Recordings of virtual meetings, electronic communications, and           recordings from security cameras on office premises.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, resume information, or performance           evaluations.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive personal information.
Social security number, driver’s license, passport number, company           account login, financial account information, precise geolocation,           race or ethnic origin, citizenship, immigration status, contents of           emails.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
This website uses cookies to optimize performance, personalize content and ads, and 
        analyze site traffic. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn more.
Okay
Sub-policy 20
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy#how-twilio-processes-your-end-users-personal-information:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.