Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 03, 2017
The Semantic Search Company Ltd. trading as ProductWorld.com ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Pharmacy App by RxMobility mobile application deployed in your pharmacy's specific brand and configuration. (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: your name, phone number, postal address, date of birth, other information. ("Personal Information").
This information is stored securely using industry standard encryption and is secured in transit through the use of SSL.
This information is solely used for the purpose of enabling pharmacy staff to accurately assess and process Refill Requests for specific scripts duly issued by a medical practitioner in the proper manner. We do not sell your information to third parties for any purpose.
Certain account information may be requested to allow Push Notifications to be delivered through services provided by Platform Providers such as Google and Apple.
Log Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics ("Log Data").
In addition, we may collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. We anonymise our log data where possible to strip out Personally Identifiable Information and to remove Protected Health Information.
Location information
We may use and store information about your location, if you give us permission to do so. We use this information to provide features of our Service, such as allowing the app to plot a route from a User's current location to the physical Pharmacy. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at anytime, through your mobile device settings.
The app can also store and transmit images of prescription information if the User provides permission to use the Camera and Gallery. This information is securely transmitted to and stored at the Pharmacy's backend portal for the sole purpose of providing the Pharmacy Staff with information related to the Order or Refill.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to encrypted Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We encrypt data for transmission using SSL and store the information in encrypted format. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
International Transfer
Your information is stored and processed in secure facilities located in the U.S.
However, your information, including Personal Information, may in rare circumstances be transferred to computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction for the purposes of trouble shooting issues with the application or service.
If you choose to provide information to us, please note that we may occasionally transfer some isolated information, including Personal Information, to Ireland and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.