Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
NutBolt Games India and its affiliates ("Company" or "we") respect the privacy of its users ("User" or "you") and are committed to protect the User’s information, be it yours or your kid’s. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use our Products (as defined on the Terms of Use) and website (the "Service").When we say "NutBolt Games India" "our," "we," or "us," we’re talking about NutBolt Games India . This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all of our apps, services, features, software, and website (together, "Services") unless specified otherwise.
We may collect the information you provided to us. Please make sure that you will not send us or disclose any sensitive information such as information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, health information, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership of past organisations, including trade union memberships.
                                We will not sell, trade, or transfer your information to any third party. We will not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, such as combining your unique User Device number with your name.
1. Your consent (important, please read carefully!) By accessing and/or using the Site or the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to the collection and processing of your Personal Information (as defined below). Please note: if you disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or use the Service.
2. Which information we may collect on our Users? Non-personal Information: We use third-party services to collect Non-personal and non-identifiable information ("Nonpersonal Or Personal Information"). To put it simply, we have no idea what is the identity of the User from which we have collected the Non-personal Information. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information and behavioural information, as detailed below: Technical information: • Type of operation system (e.g. Windows, Linux, etc.) • Type of Browser (e.g. Explorer, firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.) • Screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.) • Language (e.g. English) • Android or iOS Vendor (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.) Behavioural information: • User’s interaction with the Service • User’s behaviour on the Service • The amount of pictures user publishes after using the Service. Personal Information • User Name Or Email Address (Google play game/Game Centre Login for leaderboard)
3. How do we collect information on our Users? Non-personal Information is gathered by third-party services while you access the Service. In other words, analytical third-party services are aware of your usage of the Site and the Service, and may collect the information relating to such usage,We Collect Information Like User Mail Address But we do not to share anywhere.
4. What are the purposes of the collection of information? We collect Non-personal Information for the following purposes: • Enhance the User’s experience on the Service, including the ability to communicate with our Users through an internal notification mechanism incorporated in the Service. • Learn about the preferences of Users and general trends on the Service through the study of aggregated data and statistics. • The purpose is to use as login in goole play game service for leaderboard. • Read Phone State Get the state of the phone, so that it can start or stop the game according to call while user play the game or app.
5. Advertising We accept advertisements from third party advertisers. These advertisers are carefully selected to provide information about products and services that we think may be of interest to our Users. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use cookies and other webtracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser with which you are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
6. Security We take a great care in maintaining the security of the Service and your information and in preventing unauthorised access to it through industry standard technologies and internal procedures, including through the use of encryption mechanisms. However, we do not guarantee that unauthorised access will never occur. Third Party Software/Service While using the Service we may be using third party software and/or service, in order to (a) collect and/or process Non-personal information; (b) provide you with advertisements on different products and services.
7. Sharing Information with Third Parties We may share Information only in the following cases: (a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request; (b) to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to respond to claims that any content published on the Service violates any right of a thirdparty; (f) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the general public; (g) when Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company; (h) pursuant to your approval, in order to supply certain services you have requested from Company; (i) to let our partners and affiliates serve you with commercials;
8. Changes to the Privacy Policy The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Service and any information collected therein. Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated "Last Revised" and your continued use of the Service on or the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
9. Got any Questions? If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcomed to send us an email to the following address: [bhmehta7887@gmail.com] and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe.
* Disclaimer: * Our Company develops mobile games and apps We hope you enjoy these on both smartphones and Tablets. Any of Our game or app assets like sounds images icon etc are owned by NutBolt Games Team, is not associated, affiliated, endorsed, sponsored or not relate to any other game/apps Company. This application complies with US Copyright law guidelines States "fair use". If you feel there is a direct copyright or trademark violation that does not follow within the guidelines of "fair use", please contact us directly.