Jade Plus: Enhanced Design meets Maximum Security
Check our Shop
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how data about you is collected, used and disclosed by Blockstream Corporation Inc. and its affiliates (“we” or “us”).
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms of Service and any other documents referred to therein or herein) applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications, APIs, hosted Bitcoin wallet services and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of the policy and, optionally, we may provide you with additional notice such as by adding a statement to on our blog, X or by sending you an email notification. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay up to date about our information practices and the ways you can help secure your privacy.
Information we are given
We log information you provide directly to us. For instance, we log information when you create an account, participate with any feature of the Services, complete a form, initiate a Bitcoin transaction via the Services, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include your email address, bitcoin addresses, alias, mobile phone number, mobile PIN code and any other information you choose to provide.
Additional information may be collected depending on whether you opt in to certain settings in the application. For example, if you opt in to data collection in the settings of the application, additional information about your interactions with our mobile or desktop applications may be collected pseudonymously. Information about the impact of these opt-in settings can be found in our
Help Center article
.
When you access or use our Services, we log information about you, including:
Login Information:
We may log information about your use of the Services, including the version of the software browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our websites.
Device Information:
We may collect information about the mobile device you use to access our mobile application, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. For more information about how we use cookies, and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Policy
Wallet Public Information:
When you create a wallet through our Services, master_public, master_chaincode is automatically generated and stored via our Services.
Information we Log From Other Sources:
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. Any third-party services may collect information as determined by their own privacy policies.
Additionally, for both mobile and desktop applications we may receive crash reports which would contain, for example, operating system and app version information, system stack traces, and other technical diagnostic information.
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services
Provide and deliver the services you request, facilitate Bitcoin transactions and send you related information, including confirmations
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, authentication codes and support and administrative messages
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by us
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services in an aggregate and anonymous manner
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service
Carry out any other purpose for which you provided the information.
If you provide mobile telephone numbers for purposes of 2FA, that telephone number will not be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes; text messaging originator opt-in data and consent will not be shared with any third parties.
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With the Bitcoin Network, we will share your public wallet address and any transaction details to facilitate any transaction request you submit via the Services
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf; it is our practice to require such parties to handle the information in a manner consistent with our policies
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or as otherwise required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of us or others
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of our assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you or your account at any time by logging into your online account.
Last Updated: Wednesday, January 31st, 2024