Data Privacy Notice
Barclays is committed to protecting your personal data. We will use your information for a number of different purposes, for example, to manage your account(s), to provide our products and services to you and others and to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. We may also share your information with our trusted 3rd parties for these purposes. For more detailed information on how and why we use your information, including the rights in relation to your personal data, and our legal grounds for using it, please go to
https://www.barclays.co.uk/important-information/control-your-data/
or you can request a copy of this information from us.
Credit Reference Agencies and Fraud Prevention Agencies
We will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies and they will give us information about you, such as about your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity. These agencies may in turn share your personal information with other organisations. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment. Once you open an account with us, we will share account data with the credit reference agencies on an ongoing basis.
If false or inaccurate information is provided to us and fraud is identified, details may be passed to credit reference and fraud prevention agencies to prevent fraud and money laundering and to verify your identity.
The Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN) describes how the three main credit reference agencies in the UK each use and share personal data. The CRAIN is available on the credit reference agencies’ websites:
www.callcredit.co.uk/crain
www.equifax.co.uk/crain
www.experian.co.uk/crain
Or you can ask us for a copy of the CRAIN.
For more details on how information held by credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies may be used, please go to
https://www.barclays.co.uk/important-information/control-your-data/
or you can request a copy of this information from us.
© 2025 Solium Capital ULC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley.
Solium.com