Peachy Games Apps - Privacy Policy
Last Revised: August 9, 2019
Peachy Games LLC ("Company", "we", “our”, or “Peachy Games”) respects the privacy of the users of our mobile game applications ("User", “you” or "your") and are committed to protect the Users’ information. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use our mobile game applications ("Apps").
Your consent (important, please read carefully!)
By installing AND/OR USING our apps, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE USE OF AN IDENTIFIER ON YOUR DEVICE (see Section 3.2 below for further details with respect to Mobile Identifiers). Please note: if you, or as applicable, your legal guardian, disagree to any term provided herein, you must not install and/or use OUR apps and you SHOULD promptly UNINSTALL all Peachy Games apps from your mobile device.
If you are under the age of eighteen (18) please ensure that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage you to take an active role in the children’s online activities and interests. Our Apps are fully COPPA compliant, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 (“child” or “children”) other than as specified in Sections 3.2 and 3.3 below. We hereby prohibit any User under the age of thirteen (13) from providing us with any personal information other than as specified in Section 3.3 below. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, please contact us at peachygamesllc.privacy [at] gmail [dot] com and we will delete such information from our servers.
Types of Information Collected
There are three types of information which may be collected from Users of our Apps:
Non-Personal Information:
We may allow third party service providers to collect and maintain non-identifiable and anonymous information as defined below ("Non-Personal Information"). To put it simply, with respect to such Non-Personal Information, we and the third party service providers are not aware of the identity of the User from which third party service providers have collected the Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information collected by third party service providers may include the following technical and usage data:
App version, type of operating system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.), device brand (e.g. Samsung, iPhone, etc.), device model (e.g. iPhone 8, SM-G610F, etc.), device category (e.g. mobile phone or tablet), the time at which User first opened an App rounded to the nearest hour, language, version of the device operating system (e.g. android 7.0, iOS 12.1.1, etc.), when a User sees an ad impression, when a User clears the App data, when an App throws an exception, when an App is removed or "uninstalled" from an Android device, the first time a User launches an App after installing or re-installing it, when an App is updated to a new version and launched again, User retention, when a User completes an in-app purchase, User’s gameplay (e.g., session start /stop time, in-app functionalities used and screens accessed), time of the event, and coarse general (city-level) location.
Mobile Identifiers and No Other Personal Information:
We may allow third party service providers to collect and maintain identifiers on your device, such as advertising identifier (Android AdID or Apple IDFA) (“Mobile Identifiers”). This is processed for the limited purposes of supporting the internal operations of the Apps. Please read Section 8 below for further details with respect to third party service providers and the information they may collect and use. We do not collect and do not permit third parties to collect from Users information that may personally identify an individual (e.g. name, address, e-mail) or any other personally identifiable information of a private and/or sensitive nature about the User.
Peachy Games does not link any additional personal information to the User’s Mobile Identifiers, even from other services.
When we are contacted by a child via email:
In the event that a child emails a question to us for app support, we may respond to such question, using the child’s e-mail address. Promptly after responding (or, at our sole discretion, not responding) to such question, we will delete the child’s e-mail address from our servers.
Purpose and method of the collection
Purpose of the collection:
The information abovementioned is collected and processed solely for the purpose of supporting Peachy Games’ internal operations. This means the following:
providing and improving our mobile applications as well as ensuring proper functioning of our Apps;
maintaining or analyzing the functioning of our Apps;
protecting the security or integrity of Users and our Apps;
authenticating Users (e.g. verifying the User's identity when he/she interacts with advertisements or acquires in-app purchases);
performing network communications;
serving contextual advertisements as well as capping the frequency of advertising, allowing aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse;
ensuring legal or regulatory compliance;
fulfilling a User’s request under Section 3.3.
The collection and/or processing in connection with these purposes will be performed as permitted under applicable laws and rules.
How is information about our Users being collected?
The above mentioned Non-Personal Information and Mobile Identifiers are collected by third party service providers through the Users’ use of our apps, including, without limitation, through Third Parties’ SDK embedded in our apps. In addition, Non-Personal Information and Mobile Identifiers may also be stored locally on the Users’ device via generally accepted industry technologies used within our Apps, such as “cookies-like technology” and local storage (see Section 10 below for further details with respect to Cookies and Local Storage).
Sharing User information with third parties
We may share the Users’ Mobile Identifiers only in limited cases, including the following:
to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Peachy Games, its Users, or the general public;
when Peachy Games is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company, in which case it may also be disclosed, transferred and/or assigned; and/or
pursuant to the approval of a child’s legal guardian, in order to supply certain services that such legal guardian or the User of our Apps may have requested from the Company.
For avoidance of doubt, Peachy Games may transfer and disclose Users Non-Personal Information to third parties at its discretion.
Invite emails
We allow Users to generate an email from within our Apps to invite someone to download the app. The only information the User can enter is the recipient’s email address. No other information is allowed to be disclosed. The user is not permitted to enter any text in the “from” or “subject” fields, or in the body of the message. User cannot attach anything to the email. The email is sent immediately and we automatically delete the recipient’s email address immediately after sending.
Direct Marketing & Advertising
We accept contextual advertisements from third party ad networks which may be displayed in our Apps. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, you will leave our app and go to the advertisers’ site, and the advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser with whom you and/or the User of our Apps are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
In addition, we may advertise other Peachy Games apps within our Apps. Such advertisements are not directed towards specific Users but are rather broadly posted onto random Peachy Games Apps.
Third Party Service Providers
Peachy Games does not collect any information from its Users. Some personal information may nonetheless be collected through the following third party service providers and for the following purposes:
(1) Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC, which helps us understand your use of the Apps. In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
.
Personal information collected: Mobile ad identifiers (Android AdID or Apple IDFA), IDVFs or Android IDs, Instance IDs, and Analytics App Instance IDs. For detailed information about what these mobile identifiers are and what Firebase Analytics uses them for, please read what it says for Google Analytics for Firebase under Data Processing Information at
Privacy Policy:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
Legal basis of processing: legitimate interests, support for internal operations.
Place of processing: United States.
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
(2) AdMob by Google (Google LLC)
AdMob is a mobile advertising network which allows developers to monetize their app(s) by displaying in-app ads from other advertisers.
Personal information collected: Mobile ad identifiers (Android AdID or Apple IDFA). Admob uses mobile ad identifiers in order to serve contextual advertisements within our Apps and to measure their performance, such as to allow for ad frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to prevent fraud and abuse.
Legal basis of processing: legitimate interests, support for internal operations.
Place of processing: United States.
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Links to Third Party sites
Certain links provided in our Apps through advertisements or otherwise permit Users to leave our Apps and enter non-Peachy Games sites or services. These linked sites and services are not under the control of Peachy Games. Most of such linked sites and services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use thereof. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services in order to know what kind of information they are collecting.
Cookies & Local Storage
When you use our Apps, our third party service providers may use “cookies”, web beacons, tags and local storage (or other similar technologies), which store certain local information on your device (“Local Storage”), to help deliver and analyze our Apps (e.g., to serve contextual advertisements within our Apps and to measure their performance, such as to allow for ad frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to prevent fraud and abuse). Such information is locally stored in the User’s device and our third party service providers may access such information. Third party service providers may use both session cookies (which expire once you close the App) and persistent cookies (which stay on the User’s device until he/she deletes the App). You may prohibit and/or delete the Local Storage by uninstalling the App from your mobile device and/or through the Settings option of your device. However, if you block or erase cookies, or change the settings of your device, your App experience may be affected and may be limited.
International Data Transfer
We may transfer and store personal information to third party service providers that perform services on our behalf or otherwise collect, use, disclose, store or process personal information on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Some of these service providers may be located in a country other than where you reside, including in the United States, and your personal information may be stored or processed in those countries. We will take steps reasonably necessary to ensure the protection of your personal information. Your personal information is subject to the legal requirements of the country in which it is located, including lawful requirements to disclose information to government authorities in those countries only.
Security
Peachy Games uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep the data it collects secure. Please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur. PEACHY GAMES SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR ACCESS, HACKING, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSIONS OR THE THEFT, ALTERATION, DELETION, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF ANY DATA OR INFORMATION.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time as we add new features to our Apps, or as the law changes. Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting. If we make a material change to this policy we will post notice here before making the change. Thus, you should review our Privacy Policy frequently. Your continued use of our Apps will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, please email us at peachygamesllc.privacy [at] gmail [dot] com or write to us at:
Peachy Games LLC
816 Peace Portal Drive #17
Blaine, WA 98230