Welcome to TSGame. Your privacy is important to us.

When you use any of the TSGame. games or applications on a mobile platform,
we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address,
international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address).
This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.

We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application.
We will not share this information with any third party.  If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you may turn it off at the device level.
Please note, the application may not work properly if we are unable to tell where you are coming from (Country specific).
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service
This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the CatStudio games you are playing.

Camera 
Maybe my Ads use this permission.

Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics, Flurry and HasOffers. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties.  We do not have access or control over these third parties.

 
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service.  The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address.  They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you. 
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services.  After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service.  In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.

Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at tridinhba@gmail.com