Privacy Policy
By using
                        MOBILE Team's APP (the “APP”), you are agreeing to our privacy policy, which applies to the use of the Site and
                            MOBILE Team applications.
                                MOBILE Team reserves the right at any time, without further notice, to change and modify this privacy policy. You should check this privacy policy periodically.
We here at Eyewind respect your privacy. Here is a little explanation of when and why we might collect your data, and what we do with it . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us！
I. Collection and Use of Personal Information
When you use Eyewind's Applications or Web sites, we may ask you to provide personal information, such as your e-mail address. We use this personal information to communicate with you, to inform and take contact with you. The information
                        may also be used in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding unauthorized use of the Services. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your
                        consent prior to such use.
We also collect anonymous, non-personal information, such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, your browser’s language, your web request and the date and time of your request. Such information
                        does not identify you individually. Non-personal information can be used, for example, in marketing, auditing, to provide or to improve our services and also to develop new services.
1. Face Data Collected by the App
Our app may collect face data through images uploaded by users. This data may include facial features, structure, and distinctive points to facilitate the generation of AI-generated headshots or special effects within the app.
2. Purpose of Collecting Face Data
The face data collected is used solely for generating AI headshots or applying special effects. We do not use face data for any other purposes beyond enhancing user experience and providing our services.
II. Information Sharing
Unless the Law forces us, we will not share any personal information with any unaffiliated third party for any purpose…ever.
Sharing of Face Data with Third Parties
We do not share your face data with any third parties. Data is securely stored on our servers, which employ advanced security measures to prevent unauthorized access. Data is encrypted both during transmission and while at rest.
III. Security
While we take all necessary measures to protect your personal information, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is fully secure, therefore we cannot guarantee complete security.
In order
                        to provide products or services you have requested;We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this policy;There are other instances in which we may divulge your
                        personal information, such as when required by law, regulation, or litigation.
If Eyewind becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal
                        information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Face Data Retention
Face data will be stored securely on our servers and retained only for up to 10 days to provide the services. Once the purpose of collection is fulfilled or upon your request for deletion, the data will be permanently deleted.
IV. Links to other websites
Our Site may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest, including user blogs and Twitter feeds. We do not have any control over those other websites and are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any
                        information which you provide on those websites. You should become familiar with look at the privacy statement applicable to each website you visit.
If there’re some questions, please contact us at:
mymanga.readerteam@gmail.com