Privacy Policy
Effective Date : June 17, 2018
Your privacy is very important to BBstudio Inc.(“BBstudio”) and BBstudio is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (“users” or “you”). We may also refer to BBstudio as “we” or “us”. This Privacy Policy applies whenever you play our games (the “Game” or “Games”) that are available via the Facebook App Center, Apple App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, Steam Store, or otherwise access any of our other products, services, content, and/or any domains provided by BBstudio (collectively, together with the Games, the “Service” or “Services”).
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain how BBstudio manages, collects, stores, shares, uses and protects the information you provide in connection with any BBstudio game whenever you play or otherwise access any of our Services. Please read this Privacy Policy before using our Services. By accessing and/or using the Service, you agree to the collection, disclosure, storage and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want BBstudio to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy, you should not play BBstudio’s games or use our Services.
1
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
1.1
Information about you that you share with us directly
When you use our Services (whether through a social network or through BBstudio directly), you may give us information directly and we will store that on our systems and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We may let you create a player profile, separate from your social networking site profile (for example, your Facebook profile), that other BBstudio players can see. Your player profile may include information like:
game username(s)
nationality and/or approximate location information that you provide
details about other BBstudio Games you play
1.2
Information about you that we get from third-party application
(like Facebook)
If you play BBstudio’s games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications, including social networks like Facebook, BBstudio may receive certain information about you from the provider of the third-party application. The information we receive depends on the BBstudio game you’re playing, the third-party application, your privacy settings and, if applicable, your friends’ privacy settings on that third-party application.
For example, BBstudio may collect and store some or all of the following information shared by the provider of the connected third-party application:
your first and last name
your profile picture or its URL
your user ID number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo;
the user ID number and other public data of your friends
the login e-mail you provided to that third-party application when you registered with it
If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. If you are unclear about what information a third-party application is sharing with us, please go to the third-party application to find out more about their privacy practices.
1.3
Information you generate using our services
When you use our Services, we’ll collect information about the ways in which you use and interact with our Services, such as when and for how long you play our games, game features and other players you interact with, purchases you make, progress or levels you achieve, and other activities.
1.4
Information we collect automatically
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language, device token for push notification
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
In most cases, we also create a BBstudio-specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Advertisers on mobile devices sometimes use advertising (or ad) identifiers to enable and optimize their advertising. Ad identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal, device identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple’s ID for advertising, or IDFA. When we advertise our Services on mobile devices, we may use your device’s advertising ide
ntifier and other information associated with it, to
help us to deliver ads that relate to your interests and to improve and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. You can choose to prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest based adve
rtising, or you can reset your device’s ad identifier,
by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device but if you are using an Apple device with iOS 7 or later you can find the ad identifier settings under Settings, and if you are using a Google Android device running Android 2.3 or later you can find the ad identifier settings in your app drawer under Google Settings
1.5
Payment Information
When you make a purchase of virtual item in our in-app store, third-party payment processor (like Amazon, Facebook, Apple or Google) will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address and financial information. BBstudio does not collect or store your financial information, like credit card numbers. However, the payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items purchased in order to fulfill your order. Please note that purchases of third party credits or currencies may also be subject to those parties’ policies.
Our Terms of Service explain our policies and terms relevant to our charges, billing practices, third-party credits and virtual currencies.
1.6
Customer Support Correspondence
Except as provided herein, when you ask for help from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them (generally, your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your BBstudio customer and/or social network ID number. We will also store the communications you have with the Customer Service team and any information in those communications in order to provide support and improve the Services.
2
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The main use of the information we collect and store is to provide you with the Services you request from us and to improve your gaming experience, but there are other uses as well. The uses for which we collect and store your information include:
to improve and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences
to create your game accounts and allow you to play our games
to identify and suggest connections with other BBstudio players and personalize our Services to you
to communicate with you about the Services you’re using, including in-game updates, new Services, and promotional offers that we think might be of interest to you
to enable players to communicate with each other
to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries
to protect the safety and well-being of our players
to protect BBstudio’s rights and property in connection with our Services
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and to enforce our Terms of Service
to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising
to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties
to conduct research.
3 HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We may disclose or publish aggregated information (information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you, for example, players who live in New York) and other non-personal information about our players for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, advertising, and other business purposes.
In addition, we may share your information (which may include personal information) with third parties (in other words, parties other than BBstudio) or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in the following circumstances:
3.1
Your Consent
With your consent, we may share your information with third parties or allow them to collect your information from our Services in some ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
3.2
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information and may share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy, because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that can be associated with you. We will share your identifiable information only subject to the terms of this policy, or subject to your prior consent.
3.3
Friends and Other BBstudio Players
The Service supports and often encourages you to interact with other players. In most BBstudio games, if you play through a social network or register through a social network (for example, Facebook Connect), your social network friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity. Similarly, in many BBstudio games, other players, regardless of whether they are your social network friends or not, will be able to see descriptions of your game activity (including the identification of any BBstudio games you have played), communicate with you within our Services, and view your game profile, which may include your “game username” and your profile photo. For example, in BBstudio Poker Championship, any other player may see your game profile if you are playing at the same table.
3.4
Third-Party Advertising Including Tailored Advertising and Analytics
We have advertising on our Services so we can continue to offer many of our Services for free.
We do not actively share personal information with third-party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you give us your consent.
When advertisers or ad networks place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share the following types of information from within our Services:
performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement)
aggregated and/or de-identified information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you (like players who live San Francisco)
certain technical information (for example, IP addresses, non-persistent device identifiers such as IDFAs, and de-identified persistent device identifiers such as a hashed Android ID)
your social network ID
and other contextual data about your game play (for example, your level and session length)
The information collected may be used to:
measure how effective ads are, to offer you targeted advertising in order to personalize your experience by showing you advertisements for products and services that are more likely to appeal to you (a practice known as behavioral advertising)
undertake web analytics (like Google Analytics which is used to analyze traffic and other player activity to improve your experience)
Advertisers or ad networks may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons, and they may use a single tracking technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time.
Please note, after clicking on a third party advertisement, you may no longer be on a site hosted by BBstudio or the social network through which you are playing BBstudio’s games.
3.5
Sale or Merger
In the event that BBstudio undergoes a business transition (including proposed transactions), like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets (like selling a game), we may disclose or transfer all of your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players know (in the way described in changes to Our Privacy Policy) of the business transition before transferring your personal information.
4
HOW TO ACCESS, UPDATE AND MANAGE YOUR INFORMATION
4.1
Accessing and Updating Your Information Held by BBstudio
If you want to review, delete, or change the information BBstudio has about you or have additional questions, please contact us at
contact@bbstud.io
, and we will respond to your request within thirty days.
4.2
Stopping Use of Your Information
If you no longer want BBstudio to make active use of your information, you may contact us at
contact@bbstud.io
. We will respond to your request within thirty days. Please note that certain records, for example those relating to payments or customer service matters, will be held for legal and accounting purposes. If you have sent content through or posted content on the Service, we may not be able to delete it.
4.3
Manage Information We get from a Third-Party Application
To manage the information BBstudio receives about you from a third-party application where you play our games, like Facebook, you will need to follow the instructions for the third-party application for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. To review and update information associated with your BBstudio game profile in certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game. You also can manage some aspects of information collection and use by visiting the “settings” page of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application or “app.”
4.4
Opting from Facebook messages
If you want to stop receiving messages through our game pages, you may click on the “settings” icon on the top of such message, and by clicking ”manage messages” you may turn off all messages from such game.
4.5
Do Not Track (California Online Privacy Protection Act Notice)
At this time, there is no consensus on how mobile application companies should interpret Do Not Track signals. BBstudio does not currently respond to Do Not Track signals, whether that signal is received on a computer or on a mobile device.
5
CHILDREN POLICY
5.1
Policy Regarding Persons Under 18
Unless written otherwise, our games are intended for use by those 18 or older for amusement purposes only. Without derogating from the foregoing, BBstudio does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. Children under the age of 18 should not use our websites or games at any time. If BBstudio learns that a person under the age of 18 has provided it with personal information, BBstudio will take reasonable steps to delete such information as soon as possible.
6
HOW WE PROTECT THE INFORMATION WE STORE AND SHARE ABOUT YOU
6.1
Security of Your Information
BBstudio has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your information both online and offline from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, and we are committed to the protection of customer information. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
When you use our Services, we use secure socket layer technology (“SSL”) to encrypt the transmission of that information. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and BBstudio cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur and that third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so BBstudio discourages you from sending BBstudio personal information through these media. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your account password), and to log out of your account after use. If you access our Services through a social network and your social network account is hacked, this may lead to unauthorized play of your BBstudio games without your permission. So, be careful to keep your Account Information secure.
Although we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorized access. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please contact us at
contact@bbstud.io
.
6.2
Safety, Security and Compliance with Law
Your information, and the contents of all of your online communications in our Services and between You and BBstudio may be accessed and monitored as needed to provide our Service and may be disclosed:
when we have a good faith belief that we have to disclose the information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena)
to satisfy any laws or regulations that apply
where we believe in our sole discretion that the Service is being used in committing a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to share information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security precautions
when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person or the public generally
to protect the rights or property of BBstudio and other applicable third parties, including to enforce our Terms of Service
6.3
International Operations and Transfers Out of the EEA
IMPORTANT: When you use our Services, your personal information may be sent to the United States, and possibly other countries.
We store personal information about players and visitors to our sites on servers located in the United States, and we may also store this information on servers and equipment in other countries. Personal data collected within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the EEA.
The data we hold may also be processed by employees operating outside of the EEA who work for us or for one of our vendors. This staff may be engaged in, among other things, (i) the processing of transactions and your payment details and (ii) the provision of support services. When we transfer your personal information internationally we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely, lawfully and in the manner we describe here. Please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and so the privacy laws applicable to the places where your information is transferred to or stored, used or processed in, may be different from the privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident.
If you are a resident in a jurisdiction, where transfer of your personal information to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you provide us your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer for us to provide you with our services.
6.4
How Long We Keep Your Information
The retention period of your information depends on why we collected it and how we use it. We will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements.  For instance, we may retain your personal information for a few years after you have closed your account with us or after we have stopped providing Services to you if this is necessary to meet our legal obligations, to exercise, defend or establish legal rights, to meet regulatory requirements, to resolve disputes between users, to prevent fraud, cheating or abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy or any other agreements we may have with a user.
7
LEGAL MATTERS
If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable, the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected.
This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Korea. Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Korea unless you choose the courts of your home country.
We reserve the right to change, amend and/or modify this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time, and when we do so, we will provide you with reasonable notice that a change, amendment or modification has been made. You hereby acknowledge and agree that such changes, amendments and/or modifications will become effective when posted on the Service (for example, by placing in-game notice) or as otherwise provided by us. If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Services and close any account you may have with us.
BBstudio respects and complies with the regulations of local jurisdictions. We prohibit the access of our services from locations which our service is seen illegal based on the regulation imposed by the local jurisdiction. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you agree that your location data may be collected and used by us to determine if you are using our services in a location where our service is deemed illegal, and you understand that we may limit your access to our services if this is the case.
8
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or privacy practices, please contact us at
contact@bbstud.io
. All notices given by you or required from you under this Privacy Policy shall be in writing and addressed to: BBstudio Inc., A-1003 U-Tower, 767 Sinsu-ro, Suji-gu, Yongin-si, Gyeonggi-do 16827, Republic of Korea.
ⓒBBstudio Inc.