Super Habit: Terms and Conditions
By using Super Habit app or this website you agree to terms and conditions provided below. Terms of use may change in the future,
check this page on every app update
.
Super Habit app is software, it is complex and may contain bugs (we are really sorry if you have experienced one). While we are doing our best we cannot guarantee that our software will function in all situations and circumstances.
Super Habit: Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Super Habit’s iPhone app and any other devices and platforms.
Where is my Super Habit data stored?
Data in the Super Habit app is private and it is stored only on your mobile device. We do not store or process your data on our servers.
Data in Super Habit might also be automatically saved in Apple's iCloud as part of iCloud backup of your device if you have enabled iCloud backup and there is enough free space for backup in your iCloud account).
There are no user accounts on Super Habit.
What information is collected about my use of Super Habit?
Certain non-person identifiable information about your use of Super Habit app (e.g. frequency and duration of usage, significant events and encountered errors if application has crashed etc.) are shared (together with general information about your device - model, operating system version etc.) with Third parties that provide analytics and crash logging services to help us understand how Super Habit app is used, identify problems early on and improve Super Habit app experience in future.
You can opt-out from sharing this information with us from the Super Habit app Settings-Privacy section.
At the moment we are relying on
Firebase
for collecting data about app errors/crashes and
Google Analytics
for providing Super Habit app and website analytics.
What are cookies and how are they used?
When your are browsing Super Habit's website, small files (known as "cookies") are saved onto your device to collect analytics information about how users browse the site by our analytics service.
Internet address of your computer, tablet or phone is
anonymized
in the analytics service we use and these
cookies are not used to identify you personally
. You can
opt-out
of analytics cookies.
Changes and Updates
If Super Habit makes changes to Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy, these changes will be posted on the site in a timely manner. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently (at least on every app update).
In case of a business transaction in which a portion or all of Super Habit business is acquired, we will notify you as described above in this paragraph.
Terms of Use
Super Habit ("App") is distributed by Kévin Quisquater ("We", "Us") under Apple's standard software license for iOS apps - the App Store Licensed Application End User License Agreement (EULA); you can read its full version
here
The summary below highlights some of the key points of this EULA, just to give you the general idea:
1) App is licensed, not sold, to you. You get a non-transferable license to use the App on any iPhone, iPad or iPod touch that you own or control.
2) You may not redistribute the App (e.g. on a network, where it could be used by multiple users) or resell it.
3) Do not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or try to access or modify the source code of the App. If you do, We may terminate this license, and you may be subject to prosecution and damages.
4) In using the App if you link to third party service providers or web sites, We are not responsible for their services, content, reliability and policies.
5) We may change, suspend, remove, disable or limit access to any services offered by Us, or third-parties, at any time without notice, and without liability.
6) App comes with NO WARRANTY; it is provided on "as is and "as available basis. You use it at your own risk. We will not be liable for any losses or damages suffered by you, direct indirect or consequential, by your use of the App.
7) Use of this App is governed by the laws of Spain, and possibly also other local, state, national, or international laws.
Subscription Terms
– The subscription auto-renews at the end of each term.
– Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
– The subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
– Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
– You may manage your subscription and turn off auto-renewal by going to your Account Settings after purchase.
– Any unused portion of a free trial period will be forfeited if you purchase a subscription.
– Instructions on how to cancel a subscription can be found at the following link:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039
.