Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
OOBLADA by SMACH Games Privacy Policy (EN)
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
OOBLADA by SMACH
Games — Privacy Policy
1. Object & scope
This privacy policy concerns games operated by SMACH
S.A.S., 10 rue Mabillon, 75006 Paris - France (“SMACH”). SMACH is registered under the French companies registration of Paris
B 807 767 744
.
SMACH is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using SMACH games on mobile or computer, it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
SMACH games consist of, among other things, any game created by SMACH or under the ooblada brand, available or not through app stores or downloaded or any content, information or related documentation made available through a SMACH game, (collectively, the “Game”) with the exception of CRIMO. If you are looking for the privacy policy for CRIMO, please follow
this link
.
The aim of this privacy policy is to set out how SMACH collects, uses and protects any information that you give SMACH when you use our Game. By using the Game, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in the privacy policy. SMACH may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you agree with any changes.
2. What we collect, limits
When you use a SMACH Game, we may record information related to:
your use of the Game: for example, your progress in the game, scores, game session duration, use of items like boosters, purchase of virtual goods etc.
the device you're using the Game on such as model, language, OS version
possible in-app purchases that can be made in the Game
possible ad campaigns that led you to discover the game
errors, bugs or crashes that could occur in the Game
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by SMACH.
3. What we do with the information we gather
We may transfer some of your information outside of your home country, to store it in Europe.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties but we may use certain information about you that is not personal. SMACH, some of its partners and each of their contractors and employees may view information about your use of the Game to manage the Game or perform certain necessary tasks regarding the Game.
We use your personal information to grant you access to the Game and to personalize the Game experience. On mobile, we may also display personalized advertisements on the Game based on your mobile advertisers id which can be reset or disabled in your mobile OS settings.
We may use aggregated information for the purposes of tracking Game usage and in order to help us improve our Game and for research and analysis purposes. We may pass this information to third parties. In that case, the aggregate information and statistics will not, however, include details that can be used to identify you.
SMACH may disclose information about you to its third party partners in order to manage the Game, analyze its performance, optimise our ad campaigns to target the people that will most enjoy our Game, resolve service problems and correct errors in the Game, to communicate with you about the Game, to provide you with advertising and promotional information in connection with the Game, and to enhance your experience on the Game. However, this does not grant our partners an independent right to share this information.
Our Game may include third-party analytics partners such as
Adjust
and
Google Firebase
.
Our Game may include third-party advertising networks such as
IronSRC
,
Vungle
,
Unity Ads
,
AppLovin
,
Facebook Audience Network
,
Digital Turbine
,
HyprMX
,
Mintegral
,
Google AdMob
. These networks determine independently how to use your information, so please review their privacy policies (linked above) to learn more.
4. Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure. We have implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure.
5. Transfer to a different entity
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of SMACH or in case of merger or other acquisition with another company related to the Game which collected such information.
6. Access right, rectification, erasing data
In accordance with European regulations, SMACH is committed to protecting all personal data. You are entitled to access and rectify the information held about you. You can also ask us to erase the information.
If you wish to do any of the above, please contact us at
games.privacy@smach.io
.
SMACH will answer your requests within one month of receiving your message.