General
Privacy Notice for Square Sellers and Website Visitors
Effective Date: July 1, 2024
This Privacy Notice describes how your Square entity as indicated below (“Square,” “we” and “us”) collects, uses, discloses, transfers, stores, retains or otherwise processes your information when you (whether you are a person acting as a sole proprietor or on behalf of another business entity) visit our website
(www.squareup.com)
or apply or sign up for a Square account (collectively, “Services”).
If you are a consumer shopping at a business that uses Square, please refer instead to the Privacy Notice available
here
. If you are a consumer shopping at a business that uses Square and you provide information to Square in order to receive a digital receipt and email marketing messages, and/or you have signed up to use Square Pay, please refer to the Privacy Notice available
here
.
If your Country of Residence is the United States, your Square entity is Block, Inc., 1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612, United States.
If your Country of Residence is Canada, your Square entity is Square Canada, Inc. or Square Technologies, Inc.
If your Country of Residence is Japan, your Square entity is Square KK.
If your Country of Residence is Australia, your Square entity is Square AU PTY, Ltd.
If your Country of Residence is within the European Union, your Square entity is Squareup International Ltd.
If your Country of Residence is the United Kingdom, your Square entity is Squareup Europe Ltd.
The full contact details for each of these entities are available at the end of this Privacy Notice.
Our Privacy Notice explains:
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUR CUSTOMERS
WHEN AND WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
SECURITY
COOKIES & OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
YOUR CHOICES
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
ADDITIONAL COUNTRY DISCLOSURES
-
EU/UK
-
AUSTRALIA
-
JAPAN
-
UNITED STATES
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
HOW TO CONTACT US
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect information about you in three ways: (i) when you provide it to us directly; (ii) when we gather information while you are using the Services; and (iii) when we collect information from other sources. We explain below what types of data are involved in each case, how and why we process (use) it and the lawful basis that applies to our use of the relevant information.
Information You Provide (“Square Account Data”)
Below is a description of the types of information that we may receive directly from you which we refer to as “
Square Account Data
”:
Types of Information
("Square Account Data")
Examples
Financial Information
Bank account information and payment card numbers
Tax Information
Withholding allowances and tax filing status
Identity Information
Name, email address, postal address, signature, and phone number;
Passport number, driver's license number, Social Security number, Taxpayer Identification number, or other government-issued identification number;
Where additional verification is required and where you choose to share such information, photo identification, such as your passport or driver’s license in combination with a photograph facial scan and biometrics extracted from such image or other documents proving your identity or place of residence, including financial account statements, phone or utility bills.
Contacts Information
When you use any of our Services, such as Square Invoices, to send or receive payments, we may ask you to provide the contact details, such as the address, email address, or phone number of the intended recipient. You can do this by manually entering this information into the Services.
When you interact with the Services through your mobile phone, you can choose to let us access and upload your phone contacts information. You can update your settings to stop sharing your phone contacts with us at any time, although we may still need a recipient’s phone or email address to submit or receive payments as requested by you.
Any other data you give us
Information that you voluntarily provide to us, including your survey responses; participation in contests, promotions, or other prospective seller marketing forms or devices; suggestions for improvements; information disclosed to the chatbots that operate on our Services; referrals; or any other actions you perform on the Services.
Here is an explanation of what we do with the Square Account Data described above, i.e. how we use it and for what purposes, along with an explanation of the lawful basis that supports this use.
How we use Square Account Data
Why we process Square Account Data
Legal Justification
When you make a request to receive information about Square or our products we collect Identity Information that you provide to us.
To respond to your request, including determining whether the Services are available in your country.
Pre-contract performance
We use your Identification Information and your Financial Information to go through our identity or account verification process and to enable you to authenticate into your account once it is created.
We share your Identification Information with identity verification vendors, including credit reporting agencies, wireless carriers, and others, to verify information that we collect. Our vendors cross-check the identity and financial data you give us. Your information is also screened against relevant sanctions watchlists.
To determine whether the Services are available in your country and to create your account with us and to meet our AML, "know your customer", background checking (see further below) and other compliance requirements.
Legal obligation. For example, "Know your Customer" and AML compliance requirements are governed by, among other laws, the Bank Secrecy Act (1970) (USA), the USA Patriot Act (2001) (USA), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act and associated regulations (S.C. 2000, Canada), EU Directive 2015/849 (AMLD IV) on anti-money laundering and terrorist financing, EU Directive 2018/843 (AMLD V) on anti-money laundering and terrorist financing and EU Member State implementing legislation such as the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2010 (as amended) (Ireland).
We use your Identification Information to deliver the information and support you request, including to deliver
      technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages to you. We also use it to resolve
      disputes, collect payments or fees, and provide assistance for problems with our Services or your Square account.
To communicate with you to fulfill our obligations under the
Terms of Service
.
Contractual performance
When you apply or sign up for a Square account or other Services, we collect all of the Square Account Data necessary to create your account and enable you to start fulfilling transactions.
To create and support your account with us, including displaying your transaction history including monthly account statements.
Contractual performance
When you use the Services to send or receive payments, we may require Contacts Information, such as the sender or recipient’s email address or phone number to fulfill the transaction.
To process the payments that you send or receive and to prevent the risk that payments may be misdirected.
Contractual performance
If you choose to let us access and upload Contacts Information directly from your mobile phone, we may use this information to make it easier for you to find the people you want to send payments to, for account and identity verification and fraud prevention purposes, to reduce the risk you will send payments to the wrong person, or to provide other personalized services.
To improve your customer experience, to protect the integrity of our Services, to prevent misdirected payments, and to help personalize the Services to you.
Consent
We use your Identification Information to send you surveys and get your feedback about our Services.
To understand if the Services are helpful to you and to evaluate the effectiveness of any updates we provide.
Legitimate interest
We use your Identification Information to promote our products and Services to you.
To promote our products and services.
Legitimate interest or consent (where legally required for direct marketing contact).
When you provide feedback to us or answer our surveys.
To improve our services and to develop new products and services.
Legitimate interest
We use your Identification Information to personalise your use of our Services, for example, when you sign up for a Square account, we can associate certain information with your new account, such as information about other Square accounts you have had or currently have, and prior transactions you have made using our Services.
To improve your customer experience.
Legitimate interest and/or contractual performance.
Information We Collect From Your Use of the Services
We also get data from the devices you use when you interact with our systems, like your location or information about the device you’re using. We refer to this as Usage Data.
Types of Informaton
("Usage Data")
Examples
Commercial Information
Information about the products and services you sell e.g., inventory, pricing and other data.
Information about your payment transactions e.g., when and where the transactions occur, a description of  the transactions, the payment or transfer amounts, billing and shipping information, and payment methods used to complete the transactions.
Location data, which includes the location of your device, and may in some circumstances include precise geolocation data
For more information and to learn how to disable collection of location information from your mobile device, please see below.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Web browser and device characteristics.
Information about how you use and interact with our Services.
This includes your access time, "log-in" and "log-out" information, browser type and language, the domain name of your internet service provider, other attributes about your browser, any specific page you visit on our platform, content you view, features you use, the date and time of your use of the Services, your search terms, and the website you visited before you visited or used the Services.
Online identifiers
Information you use to log in to your account.
Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and unique personal identifiers (including device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number; unique alias, and other identifiers).
Professional or employment-related information
Information you provide about your business (e.g., appointments, staffing availability, and contact data) and your employees (e.g., job titles, payroll information, and hours worked and other timecard data).
Profile information - Inferences drawn from any of the information above to create a profile about you
These may reflect your preferences, characteristics, and behavior. For example, if you use a product or service after receiving a marketing communication about it.
We need this Usage Data to do things like provide services to you that you have requested, fulfill our legal obligations (such as checking if payments are being made or received by you and that they are legally compliant), and help protect your account from hackers and prevent fraud. We also need this Usage Data to make our products and services better for you and others, as well as to develop new products and services. For example, if more transactions are occurring on a specific hardware device we will build out more product and service availability on that device.
How we use Usage Data
Why we process Usage Data
Legal Justification
We collect your Commercial Information from the devices you use when you interact with our systems and from the information that is associated with the transaction as captured on our databases.
This enables us to provide services to you that you have requested including inventory, eCommerce and payments processing.
This also enables us to protect the integrity of our Services and systems, and your, our, our customers', or your customers' rights or property.
This also enables us to do internal research, measure, track, and analyze trends and usage, to improve our products and services, and, in the United States, to provide our products and services when instructed by your customers.
Contract performance
Legitimate
      Interests
Legitimate Interests
We use your Commercial Information when you interact with our systems and when it is associated with a transaction. We combine this information with Identification Information as well as with risk signals.
This enables us to debug, fix service errors, investigate, detect, prevent, report or recover from fraud, misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, other potentially  prohibited, malicious, or illegal activities; or to otherwise help protect your account, including to dispute chargebacks on your behalf.
Contract performance (support and maintenance)
Legal obligation (fraud or incident reporting)
Legitimate interest (protect your account)
We may use your Commercial Information in connection with artificial intelligence technologies to generate personalized features for your business.
This enables us to provide the Services that you have requested that utilize these technologies.
Contract Performance
We collect your Internet or other electronic network activity information while you are using the Services using our website, web apps, and hardware and we combine this with your Profile Information.
This enables us to provide Services to you in compliance with regulatory obligations.
This enables us to provide Services to identify any unusual activity on your account so as to detect and prevent fraud, and to debug and fix errors that impair how our Services function.
Legal obligation (fraud or incident reporting)
Contract performance
Legitimate interest
We store your Professional or employment-related information in our databases.
This enables us to deliver aspects of the Services (e.g., Team Management, Crew App and Payroll) that require this level of information to function.
Contract performance
We generate your Profile Information using our databases. We use your Profile Information to verify your identity, and to enhance our Services.
This enables us to engage in profiling and automated processing to verify your identity both directly and through the use of third party identification verification services (so we can confirm you appear to be who you say you are), improve our products and Services and develop new products and Services.
Our legitimate interests in verifying your identity and reducing the risk of fraud, as well as, where permissible, offering new and improved services to our customers that are likely to be relevant to their business in light of their Seller activity and the systems and processes they use.
We use your Geolocation data to determine whether we can provide you with Services and to customise our Services to your location.
This enables us to determine whether we can provide Services to you, and in what language, enables us to comply with applicable payment processor requirements, and other regulatory requirements, and also to combat fraud.
Contract performance (for Services in territories where we are authorised to conduct our business)
Legal obligation (to comply with territorial restrictions)
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We also need to check that you are eligible for the services you want to use, are using our services legally, and to protect your data and our services from potential fraudulent activity  which may put you and your money at risk. To do this, we may collect data about you from companies that help us verify your identity, do a credit check, prevent fraud or assess risk.
Types of Information
("External Data)"
Examples
Background Check Information
Credit report information.
Identity verification information.
Information about any person or corporation with whom you have had, currently have, or may have a financial
          relationship.
Credit, Compliance and Fraud Information
Account or credit-related information with any credit reporting agency or credit bureau, where lawful, and any person or corporation with whom you have had, currently have, or may have a financial relationship, including without limitation past, present, and future places of employment, financial institutions, wireless carriers, and personal reporting agencies.
How we use External Data
Why we process External Data
Legal Justification
We collect Background Check Information about you from background check vendors and we process this information using our anti-fraud and risk management systems.
This helps us verify your identity, do a credit check, prevent fraud and assess risk.
Legal obligation Legitimate interest
We receive and exchange Credit, Compliance and Fraud Information using our credit management systems and processes.
As required under applicable laws, as part of any credit investigation, credit eligibility, identity or account verification process, fraud or risk detection process, or collection procedure.
Legal obligation Legitimate interest
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUR CUSTOMERS
We also obtain information about your customers on your behalf as your service provider when they transact with you or otherwise when you request that we do so. We call this information Your Customers’ Data. We collect Your Customers’ Data when they interact with you through your use of Square’s products, for instance when they make a payment at your establishment, or schedule an appointment, or receive an invoice from you. The particular Customer Data we collect will vary depending on your location, which products and services you use and how you use them. Your Customers’ Data may include:
Types of Information
("Your Customers' Data")
Examples
Customer Device Information
Information about your customer's device, including hardware model, operating system and version, device name, unique device identifier, mobile network information, and information about the device's interaction with our Services.
Customer Financial Information
Bank account and payment card numbers.
Customer Identification Information
Your customers' name; email address; mailing address; phone number; government-issued identification; or other historical, contact, and demographic information, and signature.
Customer Location Information
The location of your customer's device if they pay with Apple or Android Pay, or give their consent.
Customer Transaction Information
When your customers use Square to make or record payments to you, we collect information about when and where the transactions occur, the names of the transacting parties, a description of the transactions which may include item-level data, the payment or transfer amounts, billing and shipping information, and the devices and payment methods used to complete the transactions.
Customer Use Information
Information about how your customers interact with you using our Services, including access time, "log-in" and "log-out" information, browser type, history and language, country and language setting on your device, IP address, the domain name of your customer's Internet service provider, other attributes about your customer's browser, mobile device and operating system, features your customer uses, and the date and time of use of the Services.
Other Information You or Your Customers Provide
Information that your customers voluntarily provide you, or that you input into Square's systems about your customers
For example, survey responses; participation in contests, promotions, or other prospective seller marketing forms or devices; suggestions for improvements; notes you take about your customers, or any other actions performed when they interact with you using Square
We use Your Customers’ Data as part of our contractual obligation to provide the Services you request to you and, in the United States, as disclosed in the
Privacy Notice for Users Who Do Not Apply or Sign Up for a Square Account or Other Services
, or as instructed by your customers.
It is your responsibility to obtain any necessary permission for us to use Your Customers’ Data in the manner envisaged in this Privacy Notice so that we can provide you with the Services requested by you.
WHEN AND WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share the personal information described in the
“Information We Collect About You”
section with the following categories of service providers and third parties:
Category of third parties with whom we share your personal information in order
      for you to receive the Services
Description of the services in question
Service support partners
We work with the following types of third party service providers who help us provide, maintain and improve the
      Services:
Technology providers or potential partners to store information, provide software, or programs to help us provide the Services;
Marketing or event providers that help us run our advertising campaigns, contests, special offers, or other events or activities;
Identity verification providers to help us with fraud prevention and to assist us in meeting our AML, "know your customer", background checking and other compliance requirements;
Fee collection service providers to help us enforce our legal rights;
Financial partners, like financial institutions, payment networks, payment card associations, and credit bureaus that help us provide the Services.
Third Party Analytics Services
Our analytics partners help us with our online services, such as Google Analytics,
      Facebook, BugSnag and Crashlytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as
      cookies, web beacons, and web server logs to help us analyze how you use our online services. We may disclose your
site-use information
(including IP address) to these analytics providers, and other service providers who use the information to help us figure out how you and others use our online services.
To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit
          https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/ or https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=e
To learn more about how Facebook uses your data please visit https://www.facebook.com/help/325807937506242/ or log on to your Facebook account and access your settings. To understand more about Facebook advertising please see here https://www.facebook.com/about/ads.
To learn more about BugSnag, please visit https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
To learn more about Crashlytics, please visit https://fabric.io/terms.
Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
While we do not sell personal information as that term is commonly understood, we have, “sold or shared” over the last 12 months Usage Data for the purpose of interest-based advertising (or “targeted advertising”) as described below. You can exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Do Not Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of any page on our browser site, or by enabling the Global Privacy Control or a similar opt-out preference setting within the browser you use to access our website.
Consistent with local law, we and our advertising partners may collect information about  your activities on our website. We use this information to advertise to you and to tailor our products and services to your interests. You may see certain ads on other websites because we use third-party services to advertise our services to you. We use these services to target our ads to you and others based on your demographics, interests, and context. These third party ad services track your online activities over time and across multiple websites by collecting your information through automated technologies, including third-party cookies, web server logs, and web beacons. The ad services use this information to show you Square ads that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our ad services may collect on our behalf includes data about your visits to websites that serve Square ads, such as the pages or ads you view and the actions you take on those websites. This data collection takes place both on our online services, and on third-party websites that serve our ads to you. This process also helps us figure out if our ads to you are effective.
To learn about how to opt out of interest-based advertising (sometimes referred to as "targeted advertising") in the U.S., see "Cookies And Other Similar Technologies" and the "United States" sections below.
To adjust your preferences on interest based advertising in the EU, click on the link on our website to the Cookies Policy which will allow you to adjust your settings preferences.
Certain web browsers allow you to instruct your browser to respond to Do Not Track ("DNT") signals to website you visit, informing those sites that you do not want your online activities to be tracked. At this time, our websites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Partners
We may share minimal personal information (such as your business name) with potential partners who may be able to provide a complementary or related service for your business.  We may also share personal information with partners if we believe the disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect us, users of our Services or the public from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
We work with partners who may receive compensation for helping us to identify prospective Sellers interested in Square. If you were referred to Square by one of our referral partners, we may share limited commercial information related to your use of Square, such as the date you activated your account and the volume of transactions you process through Square, to provide reporting on the referral fees earned by the partner that referred you.
Our Affiliates and Group Companies
With other business units (Cash App, Afterpay/Clearpay, and TIDAL) and between wholly-owned subsidiaries of Block, Inc. For example, we may share your information internally to understand how you engage with our company products to help make our Services better for you and for everyone, to help us build Services tailored to your preferences, and to help protect our services and maintain a trusted environment.
Other third parties who will receive your personal information
Why we share data with these parties
Other users of our Services with whom you interact through your own use of our Services.
To enable you to make or accept a payment, appointment, or money transfer using our Services.
Law enforcement and other public and private agencies
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary (i) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (e.g., from creditors, tax authorities, law enforcement agencies, in response to a garnishment, levy, or lien notice, etc.); (ii) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (iii) to enforce or comply with our [General Terms](https://squareup.com/ie/en/legal/general/ua) or other applicable agreements or policies; (iv) to protect our or our customers' rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services;  (v) for an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vi) to protect us, users of our Services or the public from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of one or more of the Services
To enable them to continue to run the Services after the change of owner or operator.
If we do or try to do a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring (including during due diligence and negotiation of these); the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets; the financing, acquisition, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business; or other corporate change.
To enable the completion of the relevant merger, restructuring, financing, acquisition, divestiture, dissolution or other corporate change.
To others, at your direction
To carry out certain requests you make for us to share data.
SECURITY
We do a lot to keep your data safe. While we think we have strong defenses in place, no one can ever guarantee that hackers won’t be able to break into our sites or steal your data while it is stored or flowing from you to us or vice versa.
We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your information from loss, theft, and misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, the internet is not a 100% secure environment, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information. We hold information about you both at our own premises and with the assistance of third-party service providers. Your personal information will be accessible by our employees, contractors and service providers who require access for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
For more information about our security practices, please visit
https://squareup.com/ie/en/security
.
COOKIES, OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES, AND ADVERTISING
If you are reading this Privacy Notice in a country where we have a separate Cookies Policy, you will see the Cookie Banner that applies to you each time you visit the site.
The following additional information applies across all of our websites and apps.
Digital cookies and similar technologies help us make our services better to use by doing things like recognizing when you’ve signed in, analyzing how you use our services so we can make them more useful to you, giving you a more personalized experience.
When you interact with our online services, or open emails we send you, we obtain certain information using automated technologies, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an internet tag, pixel tag, or clear GIF, is a tiny graphic image that may be used in our websites or emails.
We use these automated technologies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above. These technologies help us to:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it;
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails;
Tailor our online services to your preferences;
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you; and
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services.
We set some of these automated technologies ourselves, but others are set by third parties who deliver services on our behalf. For example, we may use other companies’ web analytics services (described in the
“Third-Party Analytics Services”
section above), which use automated technologies to help us evaluate how customers use our websites.  Some of these technologies may also be set by third parties that help us advertise our products and services to you as informed by your interests, based on information collected from your activity on the web, including but not limited to, browsing or purchasing products on or through our websites or on third party websites or your activity on mobile sites and applications. This advertising approach is called interest-based advertising or “targeted advertising.”
Your browser can alert you when cookies are placed on your device, and how you can stop or disable them via your browser settings. More information on how to manage these settings on common browsers and devices are below.
Manage cookie settings in
Chrome
and
Chrome Android
and
Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in
Firefox
Manage cookie settings in
Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in
Microsoft Edge
Manage cookie settings in
Safari
and
Safari iOS
Please note, however, that without cookies all of the features of our online services may not work properly. If you use a mobile device, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by changing the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.
Within mobile applications, you may also go to your device settings and select “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices), or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices), which will allow you to limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device (such as precise location data) for the purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to you.
You can also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt out pages on the
NAI website
and
DAA website
.
Please also see the “Your Choices” section for other ways to opt-out of interest-based or targeted advertising.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We store your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice, including to provide our Services, to comply with legal obligations, to enforce and prevent violations of our Terms, to protect against  fraudulent activity, and to defend our legal rights, property and users.
The retention periods for your information are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on the following factors:
The nature of the information and why it is collected and processed.
The length of time we will keep your information will generally be determined by how long we need that information to provide you with our Services, including any optional features you use and to provide customer support. For example:
- As set out in this Privacy Notice, we require Square Account Data to deliver our Services. We need to keep it for the duration your Square account exists so that we can maintain your account.
- Similarly, we will also keep your Usage Data for the lifetime of your account.
Legal reasons.
In certain cases, we are obliged to keep your information for legal reasons, which may include after your account has been deactivated. We will keep your information where it necessary for us:
- To respond to a legal request or to comply with applicable law. We must keep your information where we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or search warrant, related to your account, we preserve your information after you delete your account.
- To deal with and resolve requests, disputes or complaints.
- For litigation or regulatory matters. For example, we preserve your information related to a legal claim or complaint, such as where we are subject to a regulatory investigation or we need to defend ourselves in legal proceedings about a claim related to your information or respond to a regulator in relation to a legal or regulatory complaint made by you or someone else.
- Issues relating to the safety, security and integrity of our Services and to protect rights, property and users. For example, we keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as fraud.
YOUR CHOICES
As described further below, you may be entitled to certain rights with respect to your personal information. You can also
see, change or fix information
you gave us, ask us to
deactivate
your account, control your
location information
, or
opt out of receiving promotional messages from us
.
Your Personal Information Rights
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may be entitled under applicable law to request:
Access to your personal information in a portable format, including: (1) the categories of personal information described above that we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information; (2) the business or commercial purposes for collecting or sharing such personal information; (3) the categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose; (4) the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed such personal information; and (5) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Deletion of the personal information we have collected from you;
Correction of the personal information we have collected about you;
To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.
You may submit an access, deletion, or correction request through our dedicated online portal at
privacy.block.xyz
(for Sellers: click the Square logo and then select “Business owner” on the “What type of data are you looking to manage?” page; for Buyers: click the Square logo and then select “Customer”) or by calling us at 1.844.213.7377. Once we receive your request, we will verify it by requesting that you confirm certain personal information associated with your account. You may also be entitled to submit a request through an authorized agent. You may also message us through
privacy.block.xyz
(click on the Square logo and then select “Other” on the “What type of data are you looking to manage?” page) to appeal our denial of any of your access, deletion, or correction requests.
You can exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising” link in the footer of any page on our browser site.
Although some of the information we collect and process about you may be considered sensitive personal information, we only process such information for purposes authorized by law, such as to provide services you request from us or to verify your information.
Deactivating Your Account
If you wish to deactivate your account, you can do so by logging into your Square account or by emailing us using the contact details
provided below
.
Location Information
In order to provide certain Services, we may request access to location information, including precise geolocation information collected from your device. If you do not consent to the collection of this information, certain Services will not function properly and you will not be able to use those Services. You can stop our collection of location information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, some of our mobile applications will no longer function. You also may stop our collection of location information via mobile application by following the standard uninstall process to remove all Square mobile applications from your device.
Promotional Communications
You can opt out of receiving promotional messages from Square by following the instructions in those messages, by informing the caller that you would not like to receive future promotional calls, or by changing your notification settings by logging into your Square account. You may only opt out of text messages from Square by replying STOP. Opting out of receiving communications may impact your use of the Services. If you decide to opt out, we will still send you non-promotional communications which are required for the running of your account, such as digital receipts and messages about your account or our ongoing business relations.
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our Services are general audience services not directed at children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect, share, or sell any information from children under the age of 18. If we learn that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information.
ADDITIONAL JURISDICTIONAL DISCLOSURES
EU/UK
Personal Information
If you reside in the EU or the UK, you have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with access to your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we cease processing your data;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example);
to object to profiling activities based on our own legitimate interests;
to object to solely automated processing producing legal or similar effects;
to request that your data be transferred to a third party (data portability);
to withdraw your consent to our processing of your data (where such processing is based on consent); and
to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
In order to exercise any of these rights (including the right to withdraw your consent), please email privacy-eu@squareup.com. We may need to verify your identity before granting access or otherwise changing or correcting your information.
International Data Transfers
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States, Japan, the EU, and other countries. When we transfer your personal data to our affiliates outside the EU, we make use of standard contractual clauses (which have been approved by the European Commission) to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection, and that your privacy rights can be vindicated. For a list of the countries in which we operate, please see https://squareup.com/gb/about.
If you wish to obtain further details regarding the contractual arrangements we enter into  to protect your personal data when it is transferred outside the EU, you may do so by emailing us via privacy-eu@squareup.com. You can also access the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission at: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en.
AUSTRALIA
Square complies with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)(
Privacy Act
) and with the 13 Australian Privacy Principles (
APPs
) in the Privacy Act, as well as with this Privacy Policy.
We may share your information with Cuscal Limited, an Authorised Deposit-Taking Institution (ADI) supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA). Cuscal supports our provision of the Services through its banking and payments services and may not be able to provide its services without information about you. Cuscal’s privacy policy is available via www.cuscal.com.au/privacy-policy and sets out details about Cuscal’s collection, use and disclosure of information about you, as well as information about your rights to access your personal information.
JAPAN
We may share your information with a third party outside of Japan, including, but not limited to, the United States, Canada, the EU, and in other countries. We may use some cloud service providers located in the United States and Japan. We are unable to specify all possible jurisdictions Personal Data of users of Square services in Japan would be transferred or stored, as service providers use multiple servers located in multiple jurisdictions and do not disclose all of these locations for security reasons.
You may contact our privacy team with any requests of disclosure, correction, or deletion of your personal information. You may also request suspension of use or suspension of sharing of your personal information with certain third parties. Please contact our privacy team at the address listed below under “Contact.” We may request to verify your identity before processing your request.
UNITED STATES
California
Privacy laws that apply in certain places, like California, treat “businesses” and “service providers” differently. Under those laws, a business is the company that decides why and how to process personal information. A service provider processes personal information on behalf of a business in order to provide services. When Square processes Your Customers’ Data, we generally act as your service provider. In select cases, however, we may act as a business when we process Your Customers’ Data. For example, we act as a business when we use Your Customers’ Data to send your customers digital receipts directly from Square, or when we allow you to use Customer Directory or Square Marketing to contact your buyer using a masked email address (for example, j*****@gmail.com) that gets routed to them via Square. Your customers can visit the
Privacy Notice for Square Buyer Features
for more information on how Square processes their data when it is acting as a business.
Even though you use our services while acting as an employee, owner, director, officer, or contractor of a company, partnership, sole proprietor of a business, nonprofit, or government agency, if you live in California, California law gives you the right to ask if we disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes (we do not disclose your personal information for others’ direct marketing purposes).
Please see
CCPA Privacy Requests Metrics
for details on the number of Access, Deletion, and Do Not Share My Information requests that we received and processed in the last year.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time, as may be required.  We will provide you with reasonable prior notice of any material changes in how we use your information, including by email if you have provided one. If you disagree with these changes, you may cancel your account at any time. Any amendments will be published by posting a revised version of the Privacy Notice and updating the “Effective Date” above. The revised version will be effective on the “Effective Date” listed.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice, please reach out to us by contacting your country specific privacy contact below:
United States
Block, Inc.
1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612,
      U.S.A
privacy.block.xyz
European Union & the United Kingdom
FAO: Data Protection Officer
Squareup International Ltd.
Fumbally Square
Fumbally
      Lane
Dublin 8, Ireland
privacy-eu@squareup.com
If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you can contact your local data protection authority (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/dataprotection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html).
Canada
Square Canada, Inc.
Square Technologies, Inc.
5000 Yonge Street,
Toronto, ON M2N 7E9,
      Canada
privacy.block.xyz
If you are dissatisfied with the results of our investigation or any resulting corrective measures, you may be entitled to make a written submission to the Privacy Commissioner in your jurisdiction or to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at the address below:
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
30 Victoria Street Gatineau, Quebec
K1A 1H3
https://www.priv.gc.ca/en
Japan
Square, K.K.
Tri-Seven Roppongi 10F,
7-7, Roppongi, Minato-ku,
Tokyo, 106-0032,
      Japan
Representative Director: Akio Takisaki
privacy.block.xyz
Australia
Square AU PTY, Ltd.
Lv. 8, 376-390 Collins Street,
Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia
privacy.block.xyz
If you are dissatisfied with our response to your complaint, you may be entitled to make a written submission to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, whose contact details are as follows:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
Phone: 1300 363 992
Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Address: GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001
General
Privacy Notice
Generative AI Terms
Terms of Service
Government
Additional Point of Sale Terms
Declaration of Conformity
Developer Terms of Service
Fee Schedule
Hardware Policies and Limited Warranty
Payment Terms
E-sign Consent
Square Buyer Account Terms of Use
Intellectual Property Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://squareup.com/ie/en/legal/general/privacy-no-account:
JavaScript is required for full functionality of this site.
Learn how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
General
Privacy Notice for Users Who Do Not Apply or Sign Up for a Square Account or Other Services
For users who apply or sign up for a Square Account,
click here
.
Last Updated: March 28, 2023
We’ve included annotations in the gray boxes below to emphasize certain portions of our notice and help guide you as you read them. The annotations aren’t summaries, so please take the time to read everything!
If you are a consumer shopping at a business that uses Square, this privacy notice applies to you. It explains
what data we collect about you
,
what we do with it
,
when and why we share it with others
, how long we
keep it
, how we
secure
it,
what cookies are and what they (and similar technologies) do
, what data is collected about you by
third party service providers
, and what
choices
you have to control your data.
By using our services you consent to these data practices.
This Privacy Notice describes how Block, Inc. and our affiliates (collectively, “Square,” “we,” and “us”) collect, use, disclose, transfer, store, retain or otherwise process your information when you (whether you are a person or business) access or use in any manner any Square services (including, but not limited to through a Square Invoice, at a point of sale, using Online Store or any of Square API products, or scheduling an appointment) through Square’s website or applications (collectively, “Services”); or otherwise contact or interact with us, even if you have not applied or signed up for a Square account or other Service or downloaded one of our applications.
This Privacy Notice applies to your use of our Services, and covers information collected in connection with your access to and use of our Services. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully. By continuing to interact with our Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Our Privacy Notice explains:
Information We Collect about You
Sources of Information
How We Use Your Information
When and with Whom We Share Your Information
Cookies and Other Similar Automated Technologies
Third-party Analytics
How Long We Keep Your Information
Your Choices
Children’s Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Storage and Processing
Changes to this Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We use your data to make Square’s products and services work better for you and for others. This describes what data we collect about you (which can vary depending on where you live).
We collect information about you to, for example, provide you with the Services or the support you request. The type of information we collect can vary depending on the country from which you access our Services. Additionally, you can choose to voluntarily provide information to us.
Information You Provide
We use data you put into our systems when you interact with someone who uses Square, like financial information, information that identifies who you are, transaction information, and any other data you give us.
We collect information you provide when you upload or send to or through our Services (including information you provide when you request delivery of an invoice from your Seller or schedule an appointment), communicate with us, answer our surveys, upload content, make a payment at a Square Seller, or otherwise use or access the Services.
We collect information you provide us, including:
Identification Information.
Your name; email address; mailing address; phone number; and signature (for example, when you sign a receipt at a Square Seller).
Financial Information.
Bank account and payment card numbers.
Transaction Information.
When you use our Services to make or record payments, or request delivery of an invoice from your Seller, we collect information about when and where the transactions occur, the names of the transacting parties, a description of the transactions, the payment or transfer amounts, billing and shipping information, and the devices and payment methods used to complete the transactions.
Other Information You Provide.
Information that you voluntarily provide to us, including your survey responses; participation in contests, promotions, or other forms or devices; suggestions for improvements; information disclosed to the chatbots that operate on our Services; referrals; or any other actions performed on the Services.
Information We Collect from Your Use of our Services
We also get data about you and the devices you use when you interact with our systems, like the mobile device you use to pay a Square seller and its location.
We use this data to do things like
help combat fraud, check if payments are being made legally, and send you information you ask for or agree to get.
We collect information about you and the devices you use to access the Services, such as your computer, mobile phone, or tablet. The information that we collect includes:
Location information.
The location of your device, such as if you pay with Apple or Android Pay. This may in some circumstances include precise geolocation information. You can disable collection of location information by changing the preferences on your mobile device or by choosing to pay with a payment instrument other than Apple or Android Pay.
Device information.
Information about your device, including your hardware model, operating system and version, device name, unique device identifier, mobile network information, and information about the device’s interaction with our Services.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
. Information about how you use and interact with our Services, including your access time, “log-in” and “log-out” information, browser type and language, country and language setting on your device, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the domain name of your internet service provider, other attributes about your browser, mobile device and operating system, features you use, and the date and time of your visit to or use of the Services.
Customer Information.
Information you provide to a Seller using our Services, for example if you are a customer who provides a Seller with your email address, phone number, payment information, or other information.
SOURCES OF INFORMATION
We also need to check that you are using our services legally, that you are eligible for the services you want to use, and we protect your data and our services from fraudsters who may put you and your money at risk. To do this, we may collect data about you from companies that help us verify your identity, do a credit check, prevent fraud or assess risk.
Besides collecting information directly from
you
, from
how you use our services
, and from our group companies and affiliates, we also collect (and/or have collected during at least the 12-month period preceding the effective date of this Privacy Notice) information about you from other sources, including:
Information Entered by Your Seller
. Any information your Square Seller enters into our systems about you.
Identity Verification.
Information from third parties and publicly available sources in order to verify your identity.
Credit, Compliance and Fraud.
Information about you from third parties in connection with any credit investigation, credit eligibility, identity or account verification process, fraud detection process, or collection procedure, or as may otherwise be required by applicable law. This includes, without limitation, the receipt and exchange of account or credit-related information with any credit reporting agency or credit bureau, where lawful, and any person or corporation with whom you have had, currently have, or may have a financial relationship, including without limitation past, present, and future places of employment, financial institutions, and personal reporting agencies.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your data to do things like process your payments, send you information about your transaction, figure out if our services work in your country, secure your data, fight fraud, follow the law, enforce our agreements, figure out what new products we can build, and help your seller market to you.
We may collect, use and share (or have collected, used or shared during at least the 12-month period preceding the effective date of this Privacy Notice), information about you for the following reasons:
Providing, Improving, and Developing our Services
Determining whether the Services are available in your country;
Processing or recording payment transactions or money transfers;
Displaying your historical transaction or appointment information;
Providing, maintaining, and improving our Services;
Developing new products and Services;
Delivering the information and support you request, including invoices, and scheduling information;
Improving, personalizing, and facilitating your use of our Services;
Measuring, tracking, and analyzing trends and usage in connection with your use or the performance of our Services; and
Otherwise providing you with the products and features you choose to use.
Communicating with You About our Services
Sending you surveys and getting your feedback about our Services; and
Sending you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us about our products and services.
Protecting our Services and Maintaining a Trusted Environment
Conducting investigations, complying with and enforcing any applicable laws, regulations, legal requirements, and industry standards, and responding to lawful requests for information from the government or to valid legal process;
Contacting you to resolve disputes and help you with our Services;
Debugging to identify and fix errors that impair how our Services function;
Enforcing our
Terms of Service
or other applicable agreements or policies;
Investigating, detecting, preventing, recovering from, or reporting fraud, misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, or other potentially prohibited, malicious, or illegal activities;
Protecting our, our Sellers’, or your rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services;
Verifying or maintaining the quality and safety of our Services; and
Verifying your identity.
Advertising and Marketing
Marketing of our Services; and
Communicating with you about opportunities, products, services, contests, promotions, discounts, incentives, surveys, and rewards offered by us and select partners.
If we send you marketing emails, each email will contain instructions permitting you to “opt out” of receiving future marketing or other communications.
Other Uses
For any other reason we may tell you about from time to time.
WHEN AND WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We share your information with others in the circumstances described in this section.  For example, with other people with whom you interact when you use our services; within our family of companies (like
Cash App
and
Weebly
), who may offer services that we think could be useful to you; with service providers who help us run our services; or if we need to share your information to comply with the law.
We may share the information described in the
“Information We Collect About You”
section with the following categories of service providers and third parties:
With Other Users of our Services with Whom You Interact
With other users of our Services (like your Square Seller) with whom you interact through your own use of our Services. For example, we may share information when you make a payment or appointment with a Square Seller.
With our Affiliates and Group Companies
With our group companies and corporate affiliates, including Cash App and Afterpay for the reasons outlined above. For example, we may share your information internally to understand how you engage with Square company products to help make our Services better for you and for everyone, and to help us build Services tailored to your preferences.
Your information internally to help protect our services and maintain a trusted environment.
With Our Service Providers
With service providers who help us to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, including service providers who access information about you to perform services on our behalf (e.g., vendors who help us with fraud prevention, identity verification, and fee collection services), as well as financial institutions, payment networks, payment card associations, credit bureaus, and other entities that help us provide the Services;
With Advertising Partners
We share your information with advertising partners for interest-based advertising or “targeted advertising” campaigns, and with advertising partners that help analyze our site, run contests, special offers, or other events or activities, and track metrics on our behalf, on behalf of your Square Seller, or in connection with our Services. For more information on how we share your information for advertising and analytics purposes through the use of cookies please see
here
. For how to opt-out of targeted advertising and for other choices you may have relating to receiving advertising, please see
here
. Although we disclose your personal information to third parties as described in this section, we do not sell your personal information.
Business Transfers and Corporate Changes
To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of one or more of the Services; or
If we do or try to do a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring (including during due diligence and negotiation of these); the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets; the financing, acquisition, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business; or other corporate change.
Safety and Compliance with Law
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary (i) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (e.g., from creditors, tax authorities, law enforcement agencies, in response to a garnishment, levy, or lien notice, etc.); (ii) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (iii) to enforce or comply with our
General Terms
or other applicable agreements or policies; (iv) to protect our or our customers’ rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services; (v) for an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vi) to protect us, users of our Services, or the public from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
With Others With Your Consent
With your consent. For example:
At your direction or as described at the time you agree to share; or
When you authorize a third party application or website to access your information.
Aggregated and Anonymized Information
We also may share (within our group of companies or affiliates, or with service providers or other third parties) aggregated and anonymized information that does not specifically identify you or any individual user of our Services.
COOKIES, OTHER SIMILAR AUTOMATED TECHNOLOGIES, AND ADVERTISING
Digital cookies and similar technologies help us make our services better to use by doing things like recognizing when you’ve signed in, analyzing how you use our services so we can make them more useful to you, giving you a more personalized experience, and making our ads to you work better.
When you interact with our online services, or open emails we send you, we obtain certain information using automated technologies, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies.  A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.  A “web beacon,” also known as an internet tag, pixel tag, or clear GIF, is a tiny graphic image that may be used in our websites or emails.
We use these automated technologies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.  These technologies help us to:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it;
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails;
Tailor our online services to your preferences;
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you; and
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services.
We set some of these automated technologies ourselves, but others are set by third parties who deliver services on our behalf.  For example, we may use other companies’ web analytics services (described in the
“Third-Party Analytics Services”
section), which use automated technologies to help us evaluate how customers use our websites. Some of these technologies may also be set by third parties that help us advertise our products and services to you as informed by your interests, based on information collected from your activity on the web, including but not limited to, browsing or purchasing products on or through our websites or on third party websites or your activity on mobile sites and applications. This advertising approach is called interest-based advertising or “targeted advertising.”
Your browser can alert you when cookies are placed on your device, and how you can stop or disable them via your browser settings. More information on how to manage these settings on common browsers and devices are below.
Manage cookie settings in
Chrome
and
Chrome Android
and
Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in
Firefox
Manage cookie settings in
Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in
Microsoft Edge
Manage cookie settings in
Safari
and
Safari iOS
Please note, however, that without cookies all of the features of our online services may not work properly.  If you use a mobile device, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by changing the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.  You can learn more about cookies and how to manage your preferences by visiting
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
You can also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.
Within mobile applications, you may also go to your device settings and select “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices), or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices), which will allow you to limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device (such as precise location data) for the purposes of serving interest-based advertising to you.
Please also see the “Your Choices” section for other ways to opt-out of interest-based or targeted advertising.
THIRD-PARTY ANALYTICS
We use other companies to help us analyze our site, track metrics, and advertise to you. These companies generally promised us under contract to keep data private but have their own privacy policies that you should be aware of.
Our analytics partners help us with our online services, such as Google Analytics, Facebook, BugSnag, and Crashlytics.  The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs to help us analyze how you use our online services.  We may disclose your
site-use information
(including IP address) to these analytics providers, and other service providers who use the information to help us figure out how you and others use our online services.
To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/
or
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en
.
To learn more about how Facebook uses your data please visit
https://www.facebook.com/help/325807937506242/
or log on to your Facebook account and access your settings. To understand more about Facebook advertising please see here
https://www.facebook.com/about/ads
.
To learn more about BugSnag, please visit
https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
To learn more about Crashlytics, please visit
https://fabric.io/terms
.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We keep your information as long as you keep using our products and services. After that, we keep it for as long as we need it to do things like fight fraud, collect fees you owe, resolve disputes with (or involving) you, follow the law, enforce our agreements and defend our rights in court.
We keep your information as long as is necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice, including to provide you the Services, to comply with applicable law and legal obligations, to defend our legal rights, property, and users. We may keep copies of information about you and any transactions or Services in which you may have participated for a period of time that is consistent with certain criteria, such as applicable law, applicable statute of limitations, or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, to detect or prevent fraud, to collect fees owed, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our Services, to assist with investigations, to enforce our
General Terms
or other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law.
YOUR CHOICES
As described further below, you may be entitled to certain rights with respect to your personal information. You can also
see, change or fix
information you gave us, control your
location information
, or
opt out of receiving promotional messages from us
.
Your Personal Information Rights
We are generally service providers for (or provide services on behalf of) the sellers with whom you interact. For example, we may be a service provider of the coffee shop that took your payment using Square. Note that when we are acting in a service provider capacity, you should consult the seller’s privacy notice for mechanisms they may offer you to exercise these rights.
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may be entitled under applicable law to request:
Access to your personal information, including: (1) the categories of personal information described above that we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information; (2) the business or commercial purposes for collecting or sharing such personal information; (3) the categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose; (4) the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed such personal information; and (5) in portable format, the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
Deletion of the personal information we have collected from you;
Correction of the personal information we have collected about you;
To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.
As stated above, to the extent we are acting on behalf of a seller as a service provider, for example, when we process your payments on their behalf, you can exercise these rights directly with the seller(s). You may also be entitled to submit a request through an authorized agent. You may also email us privacy@squareup.com to appeal our denial of any of your access, deletion, or correction requests.
You can exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising” link in the footer of any page on our browser site.
Although some of the information we collect and process about you may be considered sensitive personal information, we only process such information for purposes authorized by law. For example, we may use your precise geolocation information, as described further below, in order to provide you with certain services you request from us.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise these privacy rights, or deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Location Information
In order to provide certain Services (like let you use Apple or Google Pay to pay a Square Seller), we may request access to location information, including precise geolocation information collected from your device. If you do not consent to the collection of this information, certain Services will not function properly and you will not be able to use those Services. You can stop our collection of location information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, mobile payments may no longer function.
Do Not Track
Certain web browsers allow you to instruct your browser to respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals to websites you visit, informing those sites that you do not want your online activities to be tracked.  At this time, our websites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from Square or Square Sellers, if those messages are powered by Square, by following the instructions in those messages and by informing the caller that you would not like to receive future promotional calls. You may only opt-out of text messages from Square by replying STOP. Opting out of receiving communications may impact your use of the Services. If you decide to opt out, we can still send you non-promotional communications, such as an invoice that you request.
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you are a child under 13, please don’t use our services. If we collect your data and later learn you are a child under 13, we will delete it.
Our Services are general audience services not directed at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect, share, or sell any information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information.
HOW WE SECURE INFORMATION
We do a lot to keep your data safe. While we think we have strong defenses in place, no one can ever guarantee that hackers won’t be able to break into our sites or steal your data while it is stored or flowing from you to us or vice versa.
We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your information from loss, theft, and misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, the internet is not a 100% secure environment, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information. We hold information about you both at our own premises and with the assistance of third-party service providers.
For more information about our security practices, please visit
https://squareup.com/security
.
STORAGE AND PROCESSING
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live.
We may, and we may use third-party service providers to, process and store your information in the United States, Canada, Japan, the European Union, and other countries.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We can change this privacy notice. If you disagree with the changes, you can stop using our services.
We may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time by posting a revised version and updating the “Effective Date” above. The revised version will be effective on the “Effective Date” listed. If you disagree with these changes, you may stop using our Services at any time. Your continued use of our Services constitutes your consent to any amendment of this Privacy Notice.
HOW TO CONTACT US
You can contact our privacy team with any questions or concerns at the address below.
Please contact our privacy team with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice:
FAO: Data Protection Officer
Squareup International Ltd.
Fumbally Square
Fumbally Lane
Dublin 8, Ireland
privacy-eu@squareup.com
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our notice, or if you believe our notice or applicable laws relating to the protection of your personal information have not been respected, you may file a complaint with our privacy team listed above. We will respond to let you know when you can expect a further response. We may request additional details from you regarding your concerns and may need to engage or consult with other parties in order to investigate and address your issue. We may keep records of your request and any resolution. If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you can contact your local data protection authority (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/dataprotection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html).
General
Privacy Notice
Generative AI Terms
Terms of Service
Government
Additional Point of Sale Terms
Declaration of Conformity
Developer Terms of Service
Fee Schedule
Hardware Policies and Limited Warranty
Payment Terms
E-sign Consent
Square Buyer Account Terms of Use
Intellectual Property Policy
Choose your region and language
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)
Sub-policy 1
https://privacy.block.xyz/:
brandSelectionPage.description
brand.afterpay
brand.cashApp
brand.square
brand.tidal
Sub-policy 2
https://squareup.com/us/en/legal/general/buyer-features:
JavaScript is required for full functionality of this site.
Learn how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
Square
Business types
Food & Beverage
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Coffee shops
Quick service
Full service
Bars & breweries
Food trucks
Catering
Capabilities
Take payments
Manage orders from one place
Keep customers coming back
Scale your business
Schedule and pay your team
Manage your cash flow
Improve operations
Retail
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Clothing
Home & gift
Wine & liquor
Grocery
Capabilities
Take payments
Track inventory
Add revenue streams
Manage your cash flow
Track performance
Keep customers coming back
Schedule and pay your team
Link your catalog and set up fast
Beauty
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Beauty salon
Nail salon
Hair salon
Day spa
Barbershop
Tattoo & piercing
Med spa
Capabilities
Take payments
Manage your appointments
Attract new clients
Keep clients coming back
Schedule and pay your team
Manage your cash flow
Track performance
Add revenue streams
Services
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Home & commercial
Automotive services
Transportation
Contractors & specialists
Professional services
Pet services
Organizations & nonprofits
Cleaning services
Landscaping & outdoors
Capabilities
Take payments
Win more business
Stay organized
Manage your cash flow
Showcase your brand
Automate and save time
Keep customers coming back
All business types
Products
Hardware
Register
Terminal
Stand
Kiosk
Reader
for contactless and chip
Reader
for magstripe
Accessories
Kits
All hardware
Payments
Discover
Payments overview
Point of sale
Restaurants POS
Retail POS
Appointments POS
Invoices
Online ordering
Online store
Customers
Discover
Marketing
Messages
Reporting
Loyalty programs
Customer directory
Gift cards
Photo studio
Marketplace
Contracts
Staff
Discover
Shifts
Payroll
Advanced access
Team communications
Banking
Discover
Checking
Savings
Loans
Credit card
Developers
Discover
Developers APIs
App marketplace
Partner directories
Specialists
Partner offers
All products
Pricing
Sign in
Support
Your Cart
No items in your cart
Shop hardware
View cart
Order history
Square
Go back to previous menu screen
Open menu
Business types
Products
Pricing
Sign in
Support
Checkout
Business types
Food & Beverage
Retail
Beauty
Services
All business types
Products
Hardware
Payments
Customers
Staff
Banking
Developers
All products
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Types
Coffee shops
Quick service
Full service
Bars & breweries
Food trucks
Catering
Capabilities
Take payments
Manage orders from one place
Keep customers coming back
Scale your business
Schedule and pay your team
Manage your cash flow
Improve operations
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Types
Clothing
Home & gift
Wine & liquor
Grocery
Capabilities
Take payments
Track inventory
Add revenue streams
Manage your cash flow
Track performance
Keep customers coming back
Schedule and pay your team
Link your catalog and set up fast
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Types
Beauty salon
Nail salon
Hair salon
Day spa
Barbershop
Tattoo & piercing
Med spa
Capabilities
Take payments
Manage your appointments
Attract new clients
Keep clients coming back
Schedule and pay your team
Manage your cash flow
Track performance
Add revenue streams
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Types
Home & commercial
Automotive services
Transportation
Contractors & specialists
Professional services
Pet services
Organizations & nonprofits
Cleaning services
Landscaping & outdoors
Capabilities
Take payments
Win more business
Stay organized
Manage your cash flow
Showcase your brand
Automate and save time
Keep customers coming back
Hardware
Register
Terminal
Stand
Kiosk
Reader
for contactless and chip
Reader
for magstripe
Accessories
Kits
All hardware
Discover
Payments overview
Point of sale
Restaurants POS
Retail POS
Appointments POS
Invoices
Online ordering
Online store
Discover
Marketing
Messages
Reporting
Loyalty programs
Customer directory
Gift cards
Photo studio
Marketplace
Contracts
Discover
Shifts
Payroll
Advanced access
Team communications
Discover
Checking
Savings
Loans
Credit card
Discover
Developers APIs
App marketplace
Partner directories
Specialists
Partner offers
No items in your cart
Shop hardware
View cart
Order history
General
Square profile - Privacy Notice for Buyer Features and Square Pay
Last updated: May 17, 2024
We’ve included annotations in the gray boxes below to emphasize certain portions of our notice and help guide you as you read them. The annotations aren’t summaries, so please take the time to read everything!
This Privacy Notice applies to you if: (i) you are a consumer shopping at a business that uses Square and you provide information to Square in order to receive a digital receipt and email marketing messages; (ii)  you have created a Square Profile Account; (iii)  you have signed up to use Square Pay; (iv)  you are a buyer using the Square Go App; (v)  you have signed up to use Square Local Offers; or (vi) you have signed up to use Cash App Local.
This privacy notice explains
what data we collect about you
,
what we do with it
,
when and why we share it with others
, how long we
keep
it, how we
secure
it,
what cookies are and what they (and similar technologies) do
, what data is collected about you by
third party service providers
, and what
choices
you have to control your data.
This Privacy Notice describes how Block, Inc. and our affiliates (collectively, “Square,” “we,” and “us”) collect, use, disclose, transfer, store, retain or otherwise process your information when you choose to:
(i) receive a digital receipt after you make a purchase at a Square Seller;
(ii) receive email marketing communications from Your Sellers via Square;
(iii) visit this Square profile portal for buyers (“Square profile”) __(items (i), (ii) and (iii) are collectively “Buyer Features”);
(iv) sign up for and use Square Pay;
(v) sign up for and use Square Go;
(vi) sign up for and use Square Local Offers; or
(vii) sign up for and use Cash App Local (items (i) - (vii) are collectively “Square Buyer Services”)
This Privacy Notice also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your information, the measures we take to safeguard the personal information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
For details about our privacy practices with respect to the information we obtain when you use Squareup.com and when Your Sellers use Square product features other than the Square Buyer Services, please visit
here
. Squareup.com also contains information on what other Square product features Your Sellers may use.
For Sellers who apply or sign up for a Square Account, click
here
to see the privacy notice that applies to you.
Overview
Information We Collect About You
Sources of Information
How We Use Your Information
When and With Whom We Share Your Information
Cookies and Other Similar Automated Technologies
Third-Party Analytics Services
How Long We Keep Your Information
Your Choices
Your Personal Information Rights
Children’s Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Storage and Processing
Changes to This Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
Overview
When this Privacy Notice Applies:
This Privacy Notice applies solely to the processing of information that we obtain from you when you interact with Square by using our
Square Buyer Services
(i.e., when you provide information for a digital receipt, Seller marketing, Square Local Offers, or Cash App Local, use the Square profile portal, use Square Pay, or use Square Go).
When this Privacy Notice does NOT apply:
This Privacy Notice does not apply when Square is processing your information as a service provider to Your Sellers (instead, this
other privacy notice
applies in those circumstances). When you shop at Your Sellers, we collect certain information on Your Sellers’ behalf as their payment processor.  For example, when you make a purchase or interact with a Seller, we may collect:
Your signature and payment card information, such as card number, expiration date, and security code;
Transaction details, such as when and where the transactions occur, the names of the transacting parties, a description of the transactions, the payment or transfer amounts, and the devices and payment methods used to complete the transactions;
Any gift cards you purchase or receive; and
Billing and shipping address information
We obtain this information on Your Sellers’ behalf to provide them with our payment processing services.  Your Sellers operate independently from us, and your agreement with the relevant Seller governs how the Seller uses and shares this information, including with Square.  Each Seller’s privacy practices, including details on the information they may collect about you, are subject to the privacy statements of these Sellers, which we strongly suggest you review.  If you have questions about a Seller’s privacy practices, please direct those questions to the Seller.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We use your data to make Square’s products and services work better for you and for others. This describes what data we collect about you (which can vary depending on where you live).
Information You Provide
When you sign up for, opt in to, or make use of the Square Buyer Services, we obtain identifying information about you, such as your:
Full name, mobile phone number, and email address;
Location information;
Payment card information and billing address;
Shipping address and preferred shipping method;
Transactional history, including payment amount, items and Seller; and
Any other information you provide, such as your Cash App $cashtag.
We also may collect information that you choose to provide to us through the Square profile portal, such as an alternate email address and telephone number, or information that you may provide to Customer Support, including to the chatbots (including third-party chatbots) that operate on our Services.
Information We Collect From Your Use of the Square Buyer Services
When you use the Square Buyer Services, we collect information about your device, browsing actions, usage patterns and transactions.  The information we obtain in this manner may include:
Identifiers
, such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, online identifier, and unique personal identifier (including device identifier; third-party cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers);
Internet and other electronic network activity information
, including, but not limited to, browsing history, and information regarding your interaction with our Square profile portal (e.g., dates and times of visits);
Electronic information
, such as web browser and device characteristics;
Transactional information
, including payment amount, items and Seller;
Location information
, which includes the location of your device, and may in some circumstances include precise geolocation data; and
Any other information you may enter into the Square Buyer Services, such as email address or telephone number.
This information helps us (i) remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it; (ii) track and understand how you use and interact with our Square Buyer Services; (iii) tailor the Square Buyer Services around your preferences; (iv) measure the usability of our Square Buyer Services and the effectiveness of our communications; and (v) otherwise manage and enhance our Square Buyer Services and other products and services.
SOURCES OF INFORMATION
We collect your information from you and the other sources listed below.
We collect information about you from the following categories of sources:
From you or your device, for example, when you visit our Square profile portal, submit your contact information for digital receipts at a Square Point of Sale system, or use the other Square Buyer Services;
Your Sellers; and
Our group companies and affiliates, including Cash App, Afterpay, and TIDAL.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your data to do things like send you information about your transaction, figure out if our services work in your country, secure your data, fight fraud, follow the law, figure out what new products we can build, recommend Sellers to you, and help your Sellers market to you.
We may collect, use and share (or have collected, used or shared during at least the 12-month period preceding the effective date of this Privacy Notice) the information we obtain about you when you use the Square Buyer Services for the following reasons:
Advertising and Email Marketing
Showing your information in the directory of Your Sellers;
Sending you promotional email messages on behalf of Your Sellers or from Square; and
Showing you promotional offers on behalf of your Sellers or from Square on the Square Buyer Services.
Providing, Improving, and Developing our Products and Services
Providing our Square Buyer Services, including delivering digital receipts and other information, providing your Cash App Local Offers, providing your Square Local Offers, automatically populating your Square Pay Information when you transact with Seller sites that use Square Pay, providing you with information on local Sellers, providing recommendations of similar Sellers based on your or other Buyers’ prior patronage;
Operating, evaluating, developing, managing, and improving our business (including operating, administering, analyzing, and improving our Square Buyer Services, and other products and services; developing new products and services; managing and evaluating the effectiveness of our communications; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, and other internal functions);
Personalizing and facilitating your use of our Square Buyer Services;
Performing analytics (including measuring, tracking, and evaluating trends and usage of Square’s different products and services, and aggregating and deidentifying personal information); and
Doing internal research.
Communicating with You
Automatically sending you digital receipts for future purchases you make from Your Sellers, authentication information during the sign-up and use of our Square Buyer Services, and to allow Your Sellers and Square to send you emailed messages via Square, subject to your preferences;
Communicating with you about our Square Buyer Services, and sending you information we think you may find useful about our Square Buyer Services;
Responding to your requests and inquiries; and
Conducting surveys and collecting your feedback about our Square Buyer Services.
Protecting our Services and Maintaining a Trusted Environment
Conducting investigations, complying with and enforcing applicable laws, regulations, legal requirements and industry standards, and responding to lawful requests for information from the government or to valid legal process;
Contacting you to resolve disputes and help you with our Square Buyer Services;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair how our services function;
Enforcing our agreements, policies and terms, including this Privacy Notice and, as applicable, our Buyer Features General Terms of Service,  Square Pay Terms of Service(s), Square Go Terms of Service, and/or Square Local Offers Terms of Service, and the Cash App Terms of Service and Cash App Privacy Notice (as applicable to Cash App Local);
Investigating, detecting, preventing, recovering from, or reporting fraud, misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, or other potentially prohibited, malicious, or illegal activities;
Protecting the security and integrity of our products and services, and the rights and property of you and other Buyers, Sellers, and Square;
Verifying or maintaining the quality or safety of our Square Buyer Services, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance our Square Buyer Services; and
Verifying your identity.
Other Uses
For any other reason we may tell you about from time to time.
Digital receipts and other Square Buyer Services may contain additional messages, offers, or links that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be able to send feedback to a Seller, share your experience on social media, view your purchase history, join programs, visit websites, or take advantage of promotions. When you submit or share information through a receipt (such as submitting feedback), we may share that information with Your Sellers and you may receive responses from them. If you wish to opt out of receiving automatic digital receipts or change your preferences about digital receipts or marketing, please see the
“Your Choices” section
below.
WHEN AND WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We share your information with others in the circumstances described in this section.  For example, with other people with whom you interact when you use our services (like Your Sellers); within our family of companies (like
Cash App
,
Afterpay
and
TIDAL
), who may offer services that we think could be useful to you; with service providers who help us run our services; or if we need to share your information to comply with the law.
We may share the information described in the
“Information We Collect About You”
section with the following categories of service providers and third parties:
With Your Sellers
We share your masked contact information you provide when you request a digital receipt with Your Sellers you subsequently visit.
We share your contact information from your buyer account to update/correct information in Customer Directory
When you use Square Pay to process a transaction with a Seller site that uses Square Pay, we will provide the Seller with your Square Pay Information so that the Seller can process and fulfill your order.
When you use Square Local Offers, we share your transactional information, such as whether you are a new customer for the Seller, with your Seller to process the incentive and/or discount you are entitled to and to price the offer, and other information related to your use of Square Local Offers.
When you use Cash App Local, we share your identifying information, transactional information, information related to your prior patronage with Square Sellers, and other information related to cash back offers and rewards related to your use of Cash App Local.
When you use Square Go, we share your booking appointment details, the contact information you provide when you book or request a Seller service, preference information you provide,  information related to similar Sellers based on your prior patronage, information related to incentivized referrals and/or discounts from other Buyers with that Seller, and other information related to your use of Square Go.
Please review your Sellers’ privacy policy to understand how they use the information that we share with them.
With our Affiliates and Group Companies
With our group companies and corporate affiliates, including Cash App, Afterpay and TIDAL, for the reasons outlined above. For example, we may share:
Your information to provide you with a Cash App Local Cash Back Offer, or Square Local Offer or a Square Loyalty reward or Cash App Local Cash Back Reward, such as a credit to your Cash App account;
Your information internally to understand how you engage with Square company products to help make our services better for you and for everyone, and to help us build services tailored to your preferences;
Your information internally to help protect our services and maintain a trusted environment.
With our Service Providers
With service providers who help us provide, maintain, and improve our services;
With service providers that run our advertising campaigns, contests, special offers, chatbots, or other events or activities on our behalf.
With Advertising Partners
We share your information with advertising partners for interest-based advertising or “targeted advertising” campaigns, and with advertising partners that help analyze our site, run contests, special offers, or other events or activities, and track metrics on our behalf, on behalf of your Square Seller, or in connection with our Services. For more information on how we share your information for advertising and analytics purposes through the use of cookies please see
here
. For how to opt-out of targeted advertising and for other choices you may have relating to receiving advertising, please see
here
. Although we disclose your personal information to third parties as described in this section, we do not sell your personal information.
Business Transfers and Corporate Changes
To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of one or more of the services; or
If we do or try to do a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring (including during due diligence and negotiation of these); the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets; the financing, acquisition, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business; or other corporate change.
Safety and Compliance with Law
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary (i) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (e.g., from creditors, tax authorities, law enforcement agencies, in response to a garnishment, levy, or lien notice, etc.); (ii) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (iii) to enforce or comply with, as applicable, our Terms of Service or other applicable agreements or policies; (iv) to protect our or our customers’ rights or property, or the security or integrity of our services; (v) for an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vi) to protect us, users of our services or the public from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
With Others With Your Consent
With your consent. For example:
At your direction or as described at the time you agree to share; or
When you authorize a third party application or website to access your information.
Aggregated and Anonymized Information
We also may share (within our group of companies or affiliates, or with service providers or other third parties) aggregated and anonymized information that does not specifically identify you or any individual user of our services.
COOKIES, OTHER SIMILAR AUTOMATED TECHNOLOGIES, AND ADVERTISING
Digital cookies and similar technologies help us make our services better to use by doing things like analyzing how you use our services so we can make them more useful to you, giving you a more personalized experience, and making ads to you work better.
When you interact with our Square Buyer Services, or open emails we send you, we obtain certain information using automated technologies, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.  A “web beacon,” also known as an internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is a tiny graphic image that may be used in our Square profile portal or emails.
We use these automated technologies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.  These technologies help us to:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it;
Track and understand how you use and interact with our Square profile portal;
Tailor our online services to your preferences;
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you; and
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services.
We set some of these automated technologies ourselves, but others are set by third parties who deliver services on our behalf.  For example, we may use other companies’ web analytics services (described in the
“Third-Party Analytics Services”
section), which use automated technologies to help us evaluate how customers use our websites. Some of these technologies may also be set by third parties that help us advertise our products and services to you as informed by your interests, based on information collected from your activity on the web, including but not limited to, browsing or purchasing products on or through our websites or on third party websites or your activity on mobile sites and applications. This advertising approach is called interest-based advertising or “targeted advertising.”
Your browser can alert you when cookies are placed on your device, and how you can stop or disable them via your browser settings. More information on how to manage these settings on common browsers and devices are below.
Manage cookie settings in
Chrome
and
Chrome Android
and
Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in
Firefox
Manage cookie settings in
Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in
Microsoft Edge
Manage cookie settings in
Safari
and
Safari iOS
Please note, however, that without cookies all of the features of our Square profile portal may not work properly. If you use a mobile device, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.  You also can learn more about cookies and how to manage your preferences by visiting
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
You can also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.
Within mobile applications, you may also go to your device settings and select “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices), or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices), which will allow you to limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device (such as precise location data) for the purposes of serving interest-based advertising to you.
Please also see the “Your Choices” section for other ways to opt-out of interest-based or targeted advertising.
THIRD-PARTY ANALYTICS
We use other companies to help us analyze our site, track metrics, and advertise to you. These companies generally promised us under contract to keep data private but have their own privacy policies that you should be aware of.
Our analytics partners help us with our Square Buyer Services, such as Google Analytics, BugSnag, and Crashlytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and web server logs to help us analyze your use of the portal. We may disclose your
site-use information
(including IP address) to these analytics providers, and other service providers  to help us figure out how you and others use our Square profile portal.
To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit
google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html
or
support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en
.
To learn more about BugSnag, please visit
https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
To learn more about Crashlytics, please visit
https://fabric.io/terms
.
Certain web browsers allow you to instruct your browser to send Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals to websites you visit, informing those sites that you do not want your online activities to be tracked. At this time, our Square profile portal is not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We keep your information as long as you keep using our products and services. After that, we keep it for as long as we need it to do things like fight fraud, collect fees you owe, enable Your Sellers to use Square services to run their businesses, resolve disputes with (or involving) you, follow the law, enforce our agreements and defend our rights in court.
We keep your information as long as is necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice, including to provide you our services, to comply with applicable law and legal obligations, to defend our legal rights, property and users. We may keep copies of information about you and any transactions or services in which you may have participated for a period of time that is consistent with certain criteria, such as applicable law, applicable statute of limitations, or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, enable Your Sellers to continue to use Square services to run their business, to detect or prevent fraud, to collect fees owed, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our services, to assist with investigations, to enforce, as applicable, our Terms of Service or other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law.
YOUR CHOICES
As described further below, you may be entitled to certain rights with respect to your information. You can see, change or fix information you gave us, control your location information, or opt out of receiving promotional messages from your Sellers.
Buyer Features
You may use our Square profile portal to opt out of receiving automatic digital receipts communications from all of Your Sellers (if those communications are sent by Square on the Sellers’ behalf) by accessing the portal
here
. We also give you the option to opt out of promotional email communications from Your Sellers through our Square profile portal. You can also use our Square profile portal to download, update or delete your contact information that we have on file.
In addition, you may always unsubscribe from or manage your preferences regarding the digital receipts or marketing emails we send on a Seller’s behalf by following the instructions in those messages. Opting out of receiving communications may impact your use of the Square Buyer Features. If you decide to opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you transactional communications, such as digital receipts that you request.
Sellers’ Loyalty programs and promotional text message programs that you have signed up for on a Seller-by-Seller basis are not included in Square’s Buyer Features
. If you have signed up for a Seller’s Loyalty or text marketing program, and you would like to change your preferences, text STOP to stop receiving Loyalty and promotional text messages from that Seller or contact the Seller directly.
Square Pay, Cash App Local, Square Local Offers, and Square Go
You may access, delete, or amend your personal information, by accessing the portal at
https//profile.squareup.com/login
, but we reserve the right to ask for additional information or documentation to verify your identity in connection with such requests.
If you are a Cash App Local customer, Square and Cash App collect information to facilitate the service. We will action your request to access, delete or amend your personal information as to data stored by Square; for personal information relating to Cash App Local stored by Cash App, you will need to submit a separate request to access, delete, or amend your personal information with Cash App directly by logging into your Cash App account and visiting
https://cash.app/support
.
To remove (and unlink) your Square Pay Information, click the “Opt Out of Square Pay” link at the bottom of the checkout page. You also may also opt out of Square Pay by clicking
https://checkout.square.site/stored-payment/opt-out
.
You can modify your Square Pay Information the next time you check out on a merchant site that uses Square Pay. After successfully verifying your identity by entering the verification code, you can modify your payment card information by selecting “Use a different card” on the checkout page. To modify any other Square Pay Information, select “Edit” in the appropriate section of the checkout page.
If you have any issues removing or modifying your personal information from the Square Buyer Services, please contact our
Help Center
. Your access to the Square Buyer Services may be terminated as explained in the Terms of Service.
If your Square Pay account is terminated or if you opt out of Square Pay, we will unlink and remove all of your Square Pay Information within a reasonable period of time. If you have completed order transactions with a merchant that uses Square Pay, we will retain your Square Pay Information in order to provide services to the merchant with whom you’re transacting and to comply with applicable law.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION RIGHTS
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may be entitled under applicable law to request:
Access to your personal information, including: (1) the categories of personal information described above that we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information; (2) the business or commercial purposes for collecting or sharing such personal information; (3) the categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose; (4) the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed such personal information; and (5) in portable format, the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
Deletion of the personal information we have collected from you;
Correction of the personal information we have collected about you;
To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.
To the extent you would like to send us a request to exercise your access, deletion, or correction rights for Buyer Features, you may do so by contacting us at 1.844.213.7377, or through the
Square profile portal
. To the extent you would like to send us a request to exercise your access, deletion, or correction rights for Square Buyer Services you may do so by contacting us by email at
privacy@squareup.com
, by writing to us at  Block, Inc. (Attn: Privacy), 1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612, U.S.A, or by calling us at 1.844.213.7377.
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf as permitted under law, though before we process that request, we will require that you provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and verify your identity directly with us.
You, or an authorized agent you designate to submit a request on your behalf, may also contact us at the address
below
.
You can exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising” link in the footer of any page on our browser site.
Although some of the information we collect and process about you may be considered sensitive personal information, we only process such information for purposes authorized by law, such as to provide you with certain services you request from us.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise these privacy rights, nor will we deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you are a child under 13, please don’t use our services. If we collect your data and later learn you are a child under 13, we will delete it.
Our services are general audience services not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of children under the age of 13. If we learn that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information.
HOW WE SECURE INFORMATION
We do a lot to keep your data safe. While we think we have strong defenses in place, no one can ever guarantee that hackers won’t be able to break into our sites or steal your data while it is stored or flowing from you to us or vice versa.
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your information from loss, theft, and misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, the internet is not a 100% secure environment, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information. We hold information about you both at our own premises and with the assistance of third-party service providers.
For more information about our security practices, please visit
https://squareup.com/us/en/security
.
STORAGE AND PROCESSING
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live.
We may, and we may use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States, Canada, Japan, United Kingdom (UK), the European Union, and other countries.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We can change this Privacy Notice. If you disagree with the changes, you can stop using our services.
We may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time by posting a revised version and updating the “Effective Date” above. The revised version will be effective on the “Effective Date” listed. We will provide you with prior notice of material changes in how we use your information. If you disagree with these changes, you may stop using our services at any time.
HOW TO CONTACT US
You can contact our privacy team with any questions or concerns at the address below.
If you wish to exercise your right to access or delete your personal information, you may do so through the
Square profile portal
. For other inquiries, please contact our privacy team with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice:
Block, Inc.
1955 Broadway, Suite 600
Oakland, CA 94612
privacy@squareup.com
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice, or if you believe this Privacy Notice or applicable laws relating to the protection of your personal information have not been respected, you may file a complaint with our privacy team listed above. We will respond to let you know when you can expect a further response. We may request additional details from you regarding your concerns and may need to engage or consult with other parties in order to investigate and address your issue. We may keep records of your request and any resolution.
General
Privacy Notice
Square Generative AI Terms
Terms of Service
Government
Licenses
Additional Point of Sale Terms
Additional Square Financial Services Terms of Service
Consumer Health Privacy
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Request Metrics
Hardware Compliance Certifications
Square Checking Terms of Service
Square Buyer Account Terms of Use
Square for Franchises Terms of Service
Developer Terms of Service
E-sign Consent
Additional Savings Deposit Account Terms
ACH Service Terms
Commercial Entity Agreement
Payment Terms
Hardware Policies and Limited Warranty
Additional Payroll Terms of Service
Intellectual Property Policy
HIPAA Business Associate Agreement
Square Cardholder Agreement and Terms of Service
Afterpay Merchant Terms of Service
Bill Pay Terms
Choose your region and language
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)
Manage cookies
Square uses cookies (and similar technologies) for many purposes, including maintaining security, improving and customising our services, and enabling relevant marketing. Please review our use of cookies to accept or reject non-essential cookies.
Accept all cookies
Customise cookie preferences
Cookie preferences
When you interact with our mobile applications or online services, we obtain certain information by using automated technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, and other technologies described in our Cookie Policy. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. You may opt out of certain categories of cookies, other than those that are strictly necessary to provide you with our Services. Expand the different categories for more information and to make your choices.
To effectuate your right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, please toggle off "retargeting or advertising technology" cookies below.
More information
Privacy Notice
Accept all cookies
Manage cookie preferences
Always active
These technologies are necessary for us to provide you with the Services.
Performance and analytical technology
This information is used to make sure our Services can cope with the volume of users, to help us correct errors in the Services and to measure use across our Services. These technologies help us understand if you have used our Services before so we can identify the number of unique users we receive. They also help us understand how long you spend using our Services and from where you have accessed the Services, so that we can improve the Services and learn about the most popular aspects of the Services.
Functionality technology
These technologies enable us to remember you have used our Services before, preferences you may have indicated, and information you have provided to us to give you a customised experience. For example, this would include ensuring the continuity of your registration process.
Retargeting or advertising technology
We use third parties, for example, Google Analytics, to analyse statistical information from users of the Site. We might be able to associate such information with other information which we collect from you once we receive it from a third party. For example, these technologies may collect information about whether you clicked an ad to download our application.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 3
https://squareup.com/us/en/legal/general/ccpa-metrics:
JavaScript is required for full functionality of this site.
Learn how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
Square
Business types
Food & Beverage
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Coffee shops
Quick service
Full service
Bars & breweries
Food trucks
Catering
Capabilities
Take payments
Manage orders from one place
Keep customers coming back
Scale your business
Schedule and pay your team
Manage your cash flow
Improve operations
Retail
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Clothing
Home & gift
Wine & liquor
Grocery
Capabilities
Take payments
Track inventory
Add revenue streams
Manage your cash flow
Track performance
Keep customers coming back
Schedule and pay your team
Link your catalog and set up fast
Beauty
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Beauty salon
Nail salon
Hair salon
Day spa
Barbershop
Tattoo & piercing
Med spa
Capabilities
Take payments
Manage your appointments
Attract new clients
Keep clients coming back
Schedule and pay your team
Manage your cash flow
Track performance
Add revenue streams
Services
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Home & commercial
Automotive services
Transportation
Contractors & specialists
Professional services
Pet services
Organizations & nonprofits
Cleaning services
Landscaping & outdoors
Capabilities
Take payments
Win more business
Stay organized
Manage your cash flow
Showcase your brand
Automate and save time
Keep customers coming back
All business types
Products
Hardware
Register
Terminal
Stand
Kiosk
Reader
for contactless and chip
Reader
for magstripe
Accessories
Kits
All hardware
Payments
Discover
Payments overview
Point of sale
Restaurants POS
Retail POS
Appointments POS
Invoices
Online ordering
Online store
Customers
Discover
Marketing
Messages
Reporting
Loyalty programs
Customer directory
Gift cards
Photo studio
Marketplace
Contracts
Staff
Discover
Shifts
Payroll
Advanced access
Team communications
Banking
Discover
Checking
Savings
Loans
Credit card
Developers
Discover
Developers APIs
App marketplace
Partner directories
Specialists
Partner offers
All products
Pricing
Sign in
Support
Your Cart
No items in your cart
Shop hardware
View cart
Order history
Square
Go back to previous menu screen
Open menu
Business types
Products
Pricing
Sign in
Support
Checkout
Business types
Food & Beverage
Retail
Beauty
Services
All business types
Products
Hardware
Payments
Customers
Staff
Banking
Developers
All products
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Types
Coffee shops
Quick service
Full service
Bars & breweries
Food trucks
Catering
Capabilities
Take payments
Manage orders from one place
Keep customers coming back
Scale your business
Schedule and pay your team
Manage your cash flow
Improve operations
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Types
Clothing
Home & gift
Wine & liquor
Grocery
Capabilities
Take payments
Track inventory
Add revenue streams
Manage your cash flow
Track performance
Keep customers coming back
Schedule and pay your team
Link your catalog and set up fast
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Types
Beauty salon
Nail salon
Hair salon
Day spa
Barbershop
Tattoo & piercing
Med spa
Capabilities
Take payments
Manage your appointments
Attract new clients
Keep clients coming back
Schedule and pay your team
Manage your cash flow
Track performance
Add revenue streams
Discover
Overview
Switch to Square
Types
Home & commercial
Automotive services
Transportation
Contractors & specialists
Professional services
Pet services
Organizations & nonprofits
Cleaning services
Landscaping & outdoors
Capabilities
Take payments
Win more business
Stay organized
Manage your cash flow
Showcase your brand
Automate and save time
Keep customers coming back
Hardware
Register
Terminal
Stand
Kiosk
Reader
for contactless and chip
Reader
for magstripe
Accessories
Kits
All hardware
Discover
Payments overview
Point of sale
Restaurants POS
Retail POS
Appointments POS
Invoices
Online ordering
Online store
Discover
Marketing
Messages
Reporting
Loyalty programs
Customer directory
Gift cards
Photo studio
Marketplace
Contracts
Discover
Shifts
Payroll
Advanced access
Team communications
Discover
Checking
Savings
Loans
Credit card
Discover
Developers APIs
App marketplace
Partner directories
Specialists
Partner offers
No items in your cart
Shop hardware
View cart
Order history
General
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Request Metrics
Published: June 21, 2024
This page documents metrics concerning Access, Deletion or Do Not Share My Personal Information requests submitted by California residents pursuant to the CCPA. These figures concern the requests that Square received and then subsequently fulfilled or denied between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023.
Access Requests
Number of Requests Received
18,505
Number of Requests Fulfilled
18.499
Number of Requests Denied
6
Median or Mean Number of Days to Fulfill Requests
38.4 hours
Delete Requests
Number of Requests Received
75,862
Number of Requests Fulfilled
75,842
Number of Requests Denied
20
Median or Mean Number of Days to Fulfill Requests
20.5 hours
Do Not Share Requests
Number of Requests Received
3,727,999
Number of Requests Fulfilled
3,727,999
Number of Requests Denied
0
Median or Mean Number of Days to Fulfill Requests
Nearly instantaneous
General
Privacy Notice
Square Generative AI Terms
Terms of Service
Government
Licenses
Additional Point of Sale Terms
Additional Square Financial Services Terms of Service
Consumer Health Privacy
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Request Metrics
Hardware Compliance Certifications
Square Checking Terms of Service
Square Buyer Account Terms of Use
Square for Franchises Terms of Service
Developer Terms of Service
E-sign Consent
Additional Savings Deposit Account Terms
ACH Service Terms
Commercial Entity Agreement
Payment Terms
Hardware Policies and Limited Warranty
Additional Payroll Terms of Service
Intellectual Property Policy
HIPAA Business Associate Agreement
Square Cardholder Agreement and Terms of Service
Afterpay Merchant Terms of Service
Bill Pay Terms
Choose your region and language
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)
Manage cookies
Square uses cookies (and similar technologies) for many purposes, including maintaining security, improving and customising our services, and enabling relevant marketing. Please review our use of cookies to accept or reject non-essential cookies.
Accept all cookies
Customise cookie preferences
Cookie preferences
When you interact with our mobile applications or online services, we obtain certain information by using automated technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, and other technologies described in our Cookie Policy. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. You may opt out of certain categories of cookies, other than those that are strictly necessary to provide you with our Services. Expand the different categories for more information and to make your choices.
To effectuate your right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, please toggle off "retargeting or advertising technology" cookies below.
More information
Privacy Notice
Accept all cookies
Manage cookie preferences
Always active
These technologies are necessary for us to provide you with the Services.
Performance and analytical technology
This information is used to make sure our Services can cope with the volume of users, to help us correct errors in the Services and to measure use across our Services. These technologies help us understand if you have used our Services before so we can identify the number of unique users we receive. They also help us understand how long you spend using our Services and from where you have accessed the Services, so that we can improve the Services and learn about the most popular aspects of the Services.
Functionality technology
These technologies enable us to remember you have used our Services before, preferences you may have indicated, and information you have provided to us to give you a customised experience. For example, this would include ensuring the continuity of your registration process.
Retargeting or advertising technology
We use third parties, for example, Google Analytics, to analyse statistical information from users of the Site. We might be able to associate such information with other information which we collect from you once we receive it from a third party. For example, these technologies may collect information about whether you clicked an ad to download our application.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 4
https://squareup.com/ie/legal/general/privacy:
JavaScript is required for full functionality of this site.
Learn how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
General
Privacy Notice for Square Sellers and Website Visitors
Effective Date: July 1, 2024
This Privacy Notice describes how your Square entity as indicated below (“Square,” “we” and “us”) collects, uses, discloses, transfers, stores, retains or otherwise processes your information when you (whether you are a person acting as a sole proprietor or on behalf of another business entity) visit our website
(www.squareup.com)
or apply or sign up for a Square account (collectively, “Services”).
If you are a consumer shopping at a business that uses Square, please refer instead to the Privacy Notice available
here
. If you are a consumer shopping at a business that uses Square and you provide information to Square in order to receive a digital receipt and email marketing messages, and/or you have signed up to use Square Pay, please refer to the Privacy Notice available
here
.
If your Country of Residence is the United States, your Square entity is Block, Inc., 1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612, United States.
If your Country of Residence is Canada, your Square entity is Square Canada, Inc. or Square Technologies, Inc.
If your Country of Residence is Japan, your Square entity is Square KK.
If your Country of Residence is Australia, your Square entity is Square AU PTY, Ltd.
If your Country of Residence is within the European Union, your Square entity is Squareup International Ltd.
If your Country of Residence is the United Kingdom, your Square entity is Squareup Europe Ltd.
The full contact details for each of these entities are available at the end of this Privacy Notice.
Our Privacy Notice explains:
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUR CUSTOMERS
WHEN AND WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
SECURITY
COOKIES & OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
YOUR CHOICES
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
ADDITIONAL COUNTRY DISCLOSURES
-
EU/UK
-
AUSTRALIA
-
JAPAN
-
UNITED STATES
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
HOW TO CONTACT US
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect information about you in three ways: (i) when you provide it to us directly; (ii) when we gather information while you are using the Services; and (iii) when we collect information from other sources. We explain below what types of data are involved in each case, how and why we process (use) it and the lawful basis that applies to our use of the relevant information.
Information You Provide (“Square Account Data”)
Below is a description of the types of information that we may receive directly from you which we refer to as “
Square Account Data
”:
Types of Information
("Square Account Data")
Examples
Financial Information
Bank account information and payment card numbers
Tax Information
Withholding allowances and tax filing status
Identity Information
Name, email address, postal address, signature, and phone number;
Passport number, driver's license number, Social Security number, Taxpayer Identification number, or other government-issued identification number;
Where additional verification is required and where you choose to share such information, photo identification, such as your passport or driver’s license in combination with a photograph facial scan and biometrics extracted from such image or other documents proving your identity or place of residence, including financial account statements, phone or utility bills.
Contacts Information
When you use any of our Services, such as Square Invoices, to send or receive payments, we may ask you to provide the contact details, such as the address, email address, or phone number of the intended recipient. You can do this by manually entering this information into the Services.
When you interact with the Services through your mobile phone, you can choose to let us access and upload your phone contacts information. You can update your settings to stop sharing your phone contacts with us at any time, although we may still need a recipient’s phone or email address to submit or receive payments as requested by you.
Any other data you give us
Information that you voluntarily provide to us, including your survey responses; participation in contests, promotions, or other prospective seller marketing forms or devices; suggestions for improvements; information disclosed to the chatbots that operate on our Services; referrals; or any other actions you perform on the Services.
Here is an explanation of what we do with the Square Account Data described above, i.e. how we use it and for what purposes, along with an explanation of the lawful basis that supports this use.
How we use Square Account Data
Why we process Square Account Data
Legal Justification
When you make a request to receive information about Square or our products we collect Identity Information that you provide to us.
To respond to your request, including determining whether the Services are available in your country.
Pre-contract performance
We use your Identification Information and your Financial Information to go through our identity or account verification process and to enable you to authenticate into your account once it is created.
We share your Identification Information with identity verification vendors, including credit reporting agencies, wireless carriers, and others, to verify information that we collect. Our vendors cross-check the identity and financial data you give us. Your information is also screened against relevant sanctions watchlists.
To determine whether the Services are available in your country and to create your account with us and to meet our AML, "know your customer", background checking (see further below) and other compliance requirements.
Legal obligation. For example, "Know your Customer" and AML compliance requirements are governed by, among other laws, the Bank Secrecy Act (1970) (USA), the USA Patriot Act (2001) (USA), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act and associated regulations (S.C. 2000, Canada), EU Directive 2015/849 (AMLD IV) on anti-money laundering and terrorist financing, EU Directive 2018/843 (AMLD V) on anti-money laundering and terrorist financing and EU Member State implementing legislation such as the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2010 (as amended) (Ireland).
We use your Identification Information to deliver the information and support you request, including to deliver
      technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages to you. We also use it to resolve
      disputes, collect payments or fees, and provide assistance for problems with our Services or your Square account.
To communicate with you to fulfill our obligations under the
Terms of Service
.
Contractual performance
When you apply or sign up for a Square account or other Services, we collect all of the Square Account Data necessary to create your account and enable you to start fulfilling transactions.
To create and support your account with us, including displaying your transaction history including monthly account statements.
Contractual performance
When you use the Services to send or receive payments, we may require Contacts Information, such as the sender or recipient’s email address or phone number to fulfill the transaction.
To process the payments that you send or receive and to prevent the risk that payments may be misdirected.
Contractual performance
If you choose to let us access and upload Contacts Information directly from your mobile phone, we may use this information to make it easier for you to find the people you want to send payments to, for account and identity verification and fraud prevention purposes, to reduce the risk you will send payments to the wrong person, or to provide other personalized services.
To improve your customer experience, to protect the integrity of our Services, to prevent misdirected payments, and to help personalize the Services to you.
Consent
We use your Identification Information to send you surveys and get your feedback about our Services.
To understand if the Services are helpful to you and to evaluate the effectiveness of any updates we provide.
Legitimate interest
We use your Identification Information to promote our products and Services to you.
To promote our products and services.
Legitimate interest or consent (where legally required for direct marketing contact).
When you provide feedback to us or answer our surveys.
To improve our services and to develop new products and services.
Legitimate interest
We use your Identification Information to personalise your use of our Services, for example, when you sign up for a Square account, we can associate certain information with your new account, such as information about other Square accounts you have had or currently have, and prior transactions you have made using our Services.
To improve your customer experience.
Legitimate interest and/or contractual performance.
Information We Collect From Your Use of the Services
We also get data from the devices you use when you interact with our systems, like your location or information about the device you’re using. We refer to this as Usage Data.
Types of Informaton
("Usage Data")
Examples
Commercial Information
Information about the products and services you sell e.g., inventory, pricing and other data.
Information about your payment transactions e.g., when and where the transactions occur, a description of  the transactions, the payment or transfer amounts, billing and shipping information, and payment methods used to complete the transactions.
Location data, which includes the location of your device, and may in some circumstances include precise geolocation data
For more information and to learn how to disable collection of location information from your mobile device, please see below.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Web browser and device characteristics.
Information about how you use and interact with our Services.
This includes your access time, "log-in" and "log-out" information, browser type and language, the domain name of your internet service provider, other attributes about your browser, any specific page you visit on our platform, content you view, features you use, the date and time of your use of the Services, your search terms, and the website you visited before you visited or used the Services.
Online identifiers
Information you use to log in to your account.
Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and unique personal identifiers (including device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number; unique alias, and other identifiers).
Professional or employment-related information
Information you provide about your business (e.g., appointments, staffing availability, and contact data) and your employees (e.g., job titles, payroll information, and hours worked and other timecard data).
Profile information - Inferences drawn from any of the information above to create a profile about you
These may reflect your preferences, characteristics, and behavior. For example, if you use a product or service after receiving a marketing communication about it.
We need this Usage Data to do things like provide services to you that you have requested, fulfill our legal obligations (such as checking if payments are being made or received by you and that they are legally compliant), and help protect your account from hackers and prevent fraud. We also need this Usage Data to make our products and services better for you and others, as well as to develop new products and services. For example, if more transactions are occurring on a specific hardware device we will build out more product and service availability on that device.
How we use Usage Data
Why we process Usage Data
Legal Justification
We collect your Commercial Information from the devices you use when you interact with our systems and from the information that is associated with the transaction as captured on our databases.
This enables us to provide services to you that you have requested including inventory, eCommerce and payments processing.
This also enables us to protect the integrity of our Services and systems, and your, our, our customers', or your customers' rights or property.
This also enables us to do internal research, measure, track, and analyze trends and usage, to improve our products and services, and, in the United States, to provide our products and services when instructed by your customers.
Contract performance
Legitimate
      Interests
Legitimate Interests
We use your Commercial Information when you interact with our systems and when it is associated with a transaction. We combine this information with Identification Information as well as with risk signals.
This enables us to debug, fix service errors, investigate, detect, prevent, report or recover from fraud, misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, other potentially  prohibited, malicious, or illegal activities; or to otherwise help protect your account, including to dispute chargebacks on your behalf.
Contract performance (support and maintenance)
Legal obligation (fraud or incident reporting)
Legitimate interest (protect your account)
We may use your Commercial Information in connection with artificial intelligence technologies to generate personalized features for your business.
This enables us to provide the Services that you have requested that utilize these technologies.
Contract Performance
We collect your Internet or other electronic network activity information while you are using the Services using our website, web apps, and hardware and we combine this with your Profile Information.
This enables us to provide Services to you in compliance with regulatory obligations.
This enables us to provide Services to identify any unusual activity on your account so as to detect and prevent fraud, and to debug and fix errors that impair how our Services function.
Legal obligation (fraud or incident reporting)
Contract performance
Legitimate interest
We store your Professional or employment-related information in our databases.
This enables us to deliver aspects of the Services (e.g., Team Management, Crew App and Payroll) that require this level of information to function.
Contract performance
We generate your Profile Information using our databases. We use your Profile Information to verify your identity, and to enhance our Services.
This enables us to engage in profiling and automated processing to verify your identity both directly and through the use of third party identification verification services (so we can confirm you appear to be who you say you are), improve our products and Services and develop new products and Services.
Our legitimate interests in verifying your identity and reducing the risk of fraud, as well as, where permissible, offering new and improved services to our customers that are likely to be relevant to their business in light of their Seller activity and the systems and processes they use.
We use your Geolocation data to determine whether we can provide you with Services and to customise our Services to your location.
This enables us to determine whether we can provide Services to you, and in what language, enables us to comply with applicable payment processor requirements, and other regulatory requirements, and also to combat fraud.
Contract performance (for Services in territories where we are authorised to conduct our business)
Legal obligation (to comply with territorial restrictions)
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We also need to check that you are eligible for the services you want to use, are using our services legally, and to protect your data and our services from potential fraudulent activity  which may put you and your money at risk. To do this, we may collect data about you from companies that help us verify your identity, do a credit check, prevent fraud or assess risk.
Types of Information
("External Data)"
Examples
Background Check Information
Credit report information.
Identity verification information.
Information about any person or corporation with whom you have had, currently have, or may have a financial
          relationship.
Credit, Compliance and Fraud Information
Account or credit-related information with any credit reporting agency or credit bureau, where lawful, and any person or corporation with whom you have had, currently have, or may have a financial relationship, including without limitation past, present, and future places of employment, financial institutions, wireless carriers, and personal reporting agencies.
How we use External Data
Why we process External Data
Legal Justification
We collect Background Check Information about you from background check vendors and we process this information using our anti-fraud and risk management systems.
This helps us verify your identity, do a credit check, prevent fraud and assess risk.
Legal obligation Legitimate interest
We receive and exchange Credit, Compliance and Fraud Information using our credit management systems and processes.
As required under applicable laws, as part of any credit investigation, credit eligibility, identity or account verification process, fraud or risk detection process, or collection procedure.
Legal obligation Legitimate interest
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUR CUSTOMERS
We also obtain information about your customers on your behalf as your service provider when they transact with you or otherwise when you request that we do so. We call this information Your Customers’ Data. We collect Your Customers’ Data when they interact with you through your use of Square’s products, for instance when they make a payment at your establishment, or schedule an appointment, or receive an invoice from you. The particular Customer Data we collect will vary depending on your location, which products and services you use and how you use them. Your Customers’ Data may include:
Types of Information
("Your Customers' Data")
Examples
Customer Device Information
Information about your customer's device, including hardware model, operating system and version, device name, unique device identifier, mobile network information, and information about the device's interaction with our Services.
Customer Financial Information
Bank account and payment card numbers.
Customer Identification Information
Your customers' name; email address; mailing address; phone number; government-issued identification; or other historical, contact, and demographic information, and signature.
Customer Location Information
The location of your customer's device if they pay with Apple or Android Pay, or give their consent.
Customer Transaction Information
When your customers use Square to make or record payments to you, we collect information about when and where the transactions occur, the names of the transacting parties, a description of the transactions which may include item-level data, the payment or transfer amounts, billing and shipping information, and the devices and payment methods used to complete the transactions.
Customer Use Information
Information about how your customers interact with you using our Services, including access time, "log-in" and "log-out" information, browser type, history and language, country and language setting on your device, IP address, the domain name of your customer's Internet service provider, other attributes about your customer's browser, mobile device and operating system, features your customer uses, and the date and time of use of the Services.
Other Information You or Your Customers Provide
Information that your customers voluntarily provide you, or that you input into Square's systems about your customers
For example, survey responses; participation in contests, promotions, or other prospective seller marketing forms or devices; suggestions for improvements; notes you take about your customers, or any other actions performed when they interact with you using Square
We use Your Customers’ Data as part of our contractual obligation to provide the Services you request to you and, in the United States, as disclosed in the
Privacy Notice for Users Who Do Not Apply or Sign Up for a Square Account or Other Services
, or as instructed by your customers.
It is your responsibility to obtain any necessary permission for us to use Your Customers’ Data in the manner envisaged in this Privacy Notice so that we can provide you with the Services requested by you.
WHEN AND WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share the personal information described in the
“Information We Collect About You”
section with the following categories of service providers and third parties:
Category of third parties with whom we share your personal information in order
      for you to receive the Services
Description of the services in question
Service support partners
We work with the following types of third party service providers who help us provide, maintain and improve the
      Services:
Technology providers or potential partners to store information, provide software, or programs to help us provide the Services;
Marketing or event providers that help us run our advertising campaigns, contests, special offers, or other events or activities;
Identity verification providers to help us with fraud prevention and to assist us in meeting our AML, "know your customer", background checking and other compliance requirements;
Fee collection service providers to help us enforce our legal rights;
Financial partners, like financial institutions, payment networks, payment card associations, and credit bureaus that help us provide the Services.
Third Party Analytics Services
Our analytics partners help us with our online services, such as Google Analytics,
      Facebook, BugSnag and Crashlytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as
      cookies, web beacons, and web server logs to help us analyze how you use our online services. We may disclose your
site-use information
(including IP address) to these analytics providers, and other service providers who use the information to help us figure out how you and others use our online services.
To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit
          https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/ or https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=e
To learn more about how Facebook uses your data please visit https://www.facebook.com/help/325807937506242/ or log on to your Facebook account and access your settings. To understand more about Facebook advertising please see here https://www.facebook.com/about/ads.
To learn more about BugSnag, please visit https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
To learn more about Crashlytics, please visit https://fabric.io/terms.
Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
While we do not sell personal information as that term is commonly understood, we have, “sold or shared” over the last 12 months Usage Data for the purpose of interest-based advertising (or “targeted advertising”) as described below. You can exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Do Not Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of any page on our browser site, or by enabling the Global Privacy Control or a similar opt-out preference setting within the browser you use to access our website.
Consistent with local law, we and our advertising partners may collect information about  your activities on our website. We use this information to advertise to you and to tailor our products and services to your interests. You may see certain ads on other websites because we use third-party services to advertise our services to you. We use these services to target our ads to you and others based on your demographics, interests, and context. These third party ad services track your online activities over time and across multiple websites by collecting your information through automated technologies, including third-party cookies, web server logs, and web beacons. The ad services use this information to show you Square ads that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our ad services may collect on our behalf includes data about your visits to websites that serve Square ads, such as the pages or ads you view and the actions you take on those websites. This data collection takes place both on our online services, and on third-party websites that serve our ads to you. This process also helps us figure out if our ads to you are effective.
To learn about how to opt out of interest-based advertising (sometimes referred to as "targeted advertising") in the U.S., see "Cookies And Other Similar Technologies" and the "United States" sections below.
To adjust your preferences on interest based advertising in the EU, click on the link on our website to the Cookies Policy which will allow you to adjust your settings preferences.
Certain web browsers allow you to instruct your browser to respond to Do Not Track ("DNT") signals to website you visit, informing those sites that you do not want your online activities to be tracked. At this time, our websites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Partners
We may share minimal personal information (such as your business name) with potential partners who may be able to provide a complementary or related service for your business.  We may also share personal information with partners if we believe the disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect us, users of our Services or the public from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
We work with partners who may receive compensation for helping us to identify prospective Sellers interested in Square. If you were referred to Square by one of our referral partners, we may share limited commercial information related to your use of Square, such as the date you activated your account and the volume of transactions you process through Square, to provide reporting on the referral fees earned by the partner that referred you.
Our Affiliates and Group Companies
With other business units (Cash App, Afterpay/Clearpay, and TIDAL) and between wholly-owned subsidiaries of Block, Inc. For example, we may share your information internally to understand how you engage with our company products to help make our Services better for you and for everyone, to help us build Services tailored to your preferences, and to help protect our services and maintain a trusted environment.
Other third parties who will receive your personal information
Why we share data with these parties
Other users of our Services with whom you interact through your own use of our Services.
To enable you to make or accept a payment, appointment, or money transfer using our Services.
Law enforcement and other public and private agencies
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary (i) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (e.g., from creditors, tax authorities, law enforcement agencies, in response to a garnishment, levy, or lien notice, etc.); (ii) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (iii) to enforce or comply with our [General Terms](https://squareup.com/ie/en/legal/general/ua) or other applicable agreements or policies; (iv) to protect our or our customers' rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services;  (v) for an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vi) to protect us, users of our Services or the public from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of one or more of the Services
To enable them to continue to run the Services after the change of owner or operator.
If we do or try to do a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring (including during due diligence and negotiation of these); the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets; the financing, acquisition, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business; or other corporate change.
To enable the completion of the relevant merger, restructuring, financing, acquisition, divestiture, dissolution or other corporate change.
To others, at your direction
To carry out certain requests you make for us to share data.
SECURITY
We do a lot to keep your data safe. While we think we have strong defenses in place, no one can ever guarantee that hackers won’t be able to break into our sites or steal your data while it is stored or flowing from you to us or vice versa.
We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your information from loss, theft, and misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, the internet is not a 100% secure environment, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information. We hold information about you both at our own premises and with the assistance of third-party service providers. Your personal information will be accessible by our employees, contractors and service providers who require access for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
For more information about our security practices, please visit
https://squareup.com/ie/en/security
.
COOKIES, OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES, AND ADVERTISING
If you are reading this Privacy Notice in a country where we have a separate Cookies Policy, you will see the Cookie Banner that applies to you each time you visit the site.
The following additional information applies across all of our websites and apps.
Digital cookies and similar technologies help us make our services better to use by doing things like recognizing when you’ve signed in, analyzing how you use our services so we can make them more useful to you, giving you a more personalized experience.
When you interact with our online services, or open emails we send you, we obtain certain information using automated technologies, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an internet tag, pixel tag, or clear GIF, is a tiny graphic image that may be used in our websites or emails.
We use these automated technologies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above. These technologies help us to:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it;
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails;
Tailor our online services to your preferences;
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you; and
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services.
We set some of these automated technologies ourselves, but others are set by third parties who deliver services on our behalf. For example, we may use other companies’ web analytics services (described in the
“Third-Party Analytics Services”
section above), which use automated technologies to help us evaluate how customers use our websites.  Some of these technologies may also be set by third parties that help us advertise our products and services to you as informed by your interests, based on information collected from your activity on the web, including but not limited to, browsing or purchasing products on or through our websites or on third party websites or your activity on mobile sites and applications. This advertising approach is called interest-based advertising or “targeted advertising.”
Your browser can alert you when cookies are placed on your device, and how you can stop or disable them via your browser settings. More information on how to manage these settings on common browsers and devices are below.
Manage cookie settings in
Chrome
and
Chrome Android
and
Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in
Firefox
Manage cookie settings in
Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in
Microsoft Edge
Manage cookie settings in
Safari
and
Safari iOS
Please note, however, that without cookies all of the features of our online services may not work properly. If you use a mobile device, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by changing the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.
Within mobile applications, you may also go to your device settings and select “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices), or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices), which will allow you to limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device (such as precise location data) for the purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to you.
You can also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt out pages on the
NAI website
and
DAA website
.
Please also see the “Your Choices” section for other ways to opt-out of interest-based or targeted advertising.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We store your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice, including to provide our Services, to comply with legal obligations, to enforce and prevent violations of our Terms, to protect against  fraudulent activity, and to defend our legal rights, property and users.
The retention periods for your information are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on the following factors:
The nature of the information and why it is collected and processed.
The length of time we will keep your information will generally be determined by how long we need that information to provide you with our Services, including any optional features you use and to provide customer support. For example:
- As set out in this Privacy Notice, we require Square Account Data to deliver our Services. We need to keep it for the duration your Square account exists so that we can maintain your account.
- Similarly, we will also keep your Usage Data for the lifetime of your account.
Legal reasons.
In certain cases, we are obliged to keep your information for legal reasons, which may include after your account has been deactivated. We will keep your information where it necessary for us:
- To respond to a legal request or to comply with applicable law. We must keep your information where we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we receive a valid legal request, such as a preservation order or search warrant, related to your account, we preserve your information after you delete your account.
- To deal with and resolve requests, disputes or complaints.
- For litigation or regulatory matters. For example, we preserve your information related to a legal claim or complaint, such as where we are subject to a regulatory investigation or we need to defend ourselves in legal proceedings about a claim related to your information or respond to a regulator in relation to a legal or regulatory complaint made by you or someone else.
- Issues relating to the safety, security and integrity of our Services and to protect rights, property and users. For example, we keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as fraud.
YOUR CHOICES
As described further below, you may be entitled to certain rights with respect to your personal information. You can also
see, change or fix information
you gave us, ask us to
deactivate
your account, control your
location information
, or
opt out of receiving promotional messages from us
.
Your Personal Information Rights
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may be entitled under applicable law to request:
Access to your personal information in a portable format, including: (1) the categories of personal information described above that we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information; (2) the business or commercial purposes for collecting or sharing such personal information; (3) the categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose; (4) the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed such personal information; and (5) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Deletion of the personal information we have collected from you;
Correction of the personal information we have collected about you;
To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.
You may submit an access, deletion, or correction request through our dedicated online portal at
privacy.block.xyz
(for Sellers: click the Square logo and then select “Business owner” on the “What type of data are you looking to manage?” page; for Buyers: click the Square logo and then select “Customer”) or by calling us at 1.844.213.7377. Once we receive your request, we will verify it by requesting that you confirm certain personal information associated with your account. You may also be entitled to submit a request through an authorized agent. You may also message us through
privacy.block.xyz
(click on the Square logo and then select “Other” on the “What type of data are you looking to manage?” page) to appeal our denial of any of your access, deletion, or correction requests.
You can exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising” link in the footer of any page on our browser site.
Although some of the information we collect and process about you may be considered sensitive personal information, we only process such information for purposes authorized by law, such as to provide services you request from us or to verify your information.
Deactivating Your Account
If you wish to deactivate your account, you can do so by logging into your Square account or by emailing us using the contact details
provided below
.
Location Information
In order to provide certain Services, we may request access to location information, including precise geolocation information collected from your device. If you do not consent to the collection of this information, certain Services will not function properly and you will not be able to use those Services. You can stop our collection of location information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, some of our mobile applications will no longer function. You also may stop our collection of location information via mobile application by following the standard uninstall process to remove all Square mobile applications from your device.
Promotional Communications
You can opt out of receiving promotional messages from Square by following the instructions in those messages, by informing the caller that you would not like to receive future promotional calls, or by changing your notification settings by logging into your Square account. You may only opt out of text messages from Square by replying STOP. Opting out of receiving communications may impact your use of the Services. If you decide to opt out, we will still send you non-promotional communications which are required for the running of your account, such as digital receipts and messages about your account or our ongoing business relations.
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our Services are general audience services not directed at children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect, share, or sell any information from children under the age of 18. If we learn that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information.
ADDITIONAL JURISDICTIONAL DISCLOSURES
EU/UK
Personal Information
If you reside in the EU or the UK, you have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with access to your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we cease processing your data;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example);
to object to profiling activities based on our own legitimate interests;
to object to solely automated processing producing legal or similar effects;
to request that your data be transferred to a third party (data portability);
to withdraw your consent to our processing of your data (where such processing is based on consent); and
to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
In order to exercise any of these rights (including the right to withdraw your consent), please email privacy-eu@squareup.com. We may need to verify your identity before granting access or otherwise changing or correcting your information.
International Data Transfers
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States, Japan, the EU, and other countries. When we transfer your personal data to our affiliates outside the EU, we make use of standard contractual clauses (which have been approved by the European Commission) to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection, and that your privacy rights can be vindicated. For a list of the countries in which we operate, please see https://squareup.com/gb/about.
If you wish to obtain further details regarding the contractual arrangements we enter into  to protect your personal data when it is transferred outside the EU, you may do so by emailing us via privacy-eu@squareup.com. You can also access the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission at: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en.
AUSTRALIA
Square complies with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)(
Privacy Act
) and with the 13 Australian Privacy Principles (
APPs
) in the Privacy Act, as well as with this Privacy Policy.
We may share your information with Cuscal Limited, an Authorised Deposit-Taking Institution (ADI) supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA). Cuscal supports our provision of the Services through its banking and payments services and may not be able to provide its services without information about you. Cuscal’s privacy policy is available via www.cuscal.com.au/privacy-policy and sets out details about Cuscal’s collection, use and disclosure of information about you, as well as information about your rights to access your personal information.
JAPAN
We may share your information with a third party outside of Japan, including, but not limited to, the United States, Canada, the EU, and in other countries. We may use some cloud service providers located in the United States and Japan. We are unable to specify all possible jurisdictions Personal Data of users of Square services in Japan would be transferred or stored, as service providers use multiple servers located in multiple jurisdictions and do not disclose all of these locations for security reasons.
You may contact our privacy team with any requests of disclosure, correction, or deletion of your personal information. You may also request suspension of use or suspension of sharing of your personal information with certain third parties. Please contact our privacy team at the address listed below under “Contact.” We may request to verify your identity before processing your request.
UNITED STATES
California
Privacy laws that apply in certain places, like California, treat “businesses” and “service providers” differently. Under those laws, a business is the company that decides why and how to process personal information. A service provider processes personal information on behalf of a business in order to provide services. When Square processes Your Customers’ Data, we generally act as your service provider. In select cases, however, we may act as a business when we process Your Customers’ Data. For example, we act as a business when we use Your Customers’ Data to send your customers digital receipts directly from Square, or when we allow you to use Customer Directory or Square Marketing to contact your buyer using a masked email address (for example, j*****@gmail.com) that gets routed to them via Square. Your customers can visit the
Privacy Notice for Square Buyer Features
for more information on how Square processes their data when it is acting as a business.
Even though you use our services while acting as an employee, owner, director, officer, or contractor of a company, partnership, sole proprietor of a business, nonprofit, or government agency, if you live in California, California law gives you the right to ask if we disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes (we do not disclose your personal information for others’ direct marketing purposes).
Please see
CCPA Privacy Requests Metrics
for details on the number of Access, Deletion, and Do Not Share My Information requests that we received and processed in the last year.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time, as may be required.  We will provide you with reasonable prior notice of any material changes in how we use your information, including by email if you have provided one. If you disagree with these changes, you may cancel your account at any time. Any amendments will be published by posting a revised version of the Privacy Notice and updating the “Effective Date” above. The revised version will be effective on the “Effective Date” listed.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice, please reach out to us by contacting your country specific privacy contact below:
United States
Block, Inc.
1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612,
      U.S.A
privacy.block.xyz
European Union & the United Kingdom
FAO: Data Protection Officer
Squareup International Ltd.
Fumbally Square
Fumbally
      Lane
Dublin 8, Ireland
privacy-eu@squareup.com
If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you can contact your local data protection authority (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/dataprotection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html).
Canada
Square Canada, Inc.
Square Technologies, Inc.
5000 Yonge Street,
Toronto, ON M2N 7E9,
      Canada
privacy.block.xyz
If you are dissatisfied with the results of our investigation or any resulting corrective measures, you may be entitled to make a written submission to the Privacy Commissioner in your jurisdiction or to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at the address below:
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
30 Victoria Street Gatineau, Quebec
K1A 1H3
https://www.priv.gc.ca/en
Japan
Square, K.K.
Tri-Seven Roppongi 10F,
7-7, Roppongi, Minato-ku,
Tokyo, 106-0032,
      Japan
Representative Director: Akio Takisaki
privacy.block.xyz
Australia
Square AU PTY, Ltd.
Lv. 8, 376-390 Collins Street,
Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia
privacy.block.xyz
If you are dissatisfied with our response to your complaint, you may be entitled to make a written submission to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, whose contact details are as follows:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
Phone: 1300 363 992
Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Address: GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001
General
Privacy Notice
Generative AI Terms
Terms of Service
Government
Additional Point of Sale Terms
Declaration of Conformity
Developer Terms of Service
Fee Schedule
Hardware Policies and Limited Warranty
Payment Terms
E-sign Consent
Square Buyer Account Terms of Use
Intellectual Property Policy
Choose your region and language
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)
Manage cookies
Square uses cookies (and similar technologies) for many purposes, including maintaining security, improving and customising our services, and enabling relevant marketing. Please review our use of cookies to accept or reject non-essential cookies.
Accept all cookies
Customise cookie preferences
Cookie preferences
When you interact with our mobile applications or online services, we obtain certain information by using automated technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, and other technologies described in our Cookie Policy. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. You may opt out of certain categories of cookies, other than those that are strictly necessary to provide you with our Services. Expand the different categories for more information and to make your choices.
To effectuate your right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, please toggle off "retargeting or advertising technology" cookies below.
More information
Privacy Notice
Accept all cookies
Manage cookie preferences
Always active
These technologies are necessary for us to provide you with the Services.
Performance and analytical technology
This information is used to make sure our Services can cope with the volume of users, to help us correct errors in the Services and to measure use across our Services. These technologies help us understand if you have used our Services before so we can identify the number of unique users we receive. They also help us understand how long you spend using our Services and from where you have accessed the Services, so that we can improve the Services and learn about the most popular aspects of the Services.
Functionality technology
These technologies enable us to remember you have used our Services before, preferences you may have indicated, and information you have provided to us to give you a customised experience. For example, this would include ensuring the continuity of your registration process.
Retargeting or advertising technology
We use third parties, for example, Google Analytics, to analyse statistical information from users of the Site. We might be able to associate such information with other information which we collect from you once we receive it from a third party. For example, these technologies may collect information about whether you clicked an ad to download our application.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label