PIMSLEUR.COM Privacy Policy
Updated and Effective as of July 12, 2024
If you are a School User or a Sponsored Student, your use of the Services are governed by the
Pimsleur Learning Platform Student/Organization Privacy Policy
.
This privacy policy describes how Pimsleur, an imprint of Simon & Schuster Audio, a division of Simon & Schuster, LLC, and its affiliates collect, use and disclose certain information, including your Personal Information, both online and offline, and the choices you can make about that information.
This privacy policy explains our practices — and your choices — on how we collect, use, and share your information when you interact with any of our services. These services include our mobile and online applications or other products or services of our brands, websites, live events, content or advertisements, and customer service tools. Depending on the Simon & Schuster offering or how you interact with us, there may be additional notices about our practices and your choices.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Information We Collect About You
Information You Provide
Information We Collect Automatically
Information We Collect from Third Parties
How We Use Your Information and Why
Who We Share Your Information With and Why
Your Choices, Rights, and Controls
International Transfers
General Audience Site
Retention
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Protecting Your Information
Changes to this Policy
Contact Us
Jurisdiction Specific Rights
United States
Additional Jurisdictions
Simon & Schuster Controller List
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect your information when you sign up for our services. We also collect information about how you use our services. We may also receive information about you from third parties. This information can identify you or your device, or can be linked to you. Some of this data may be considered “personal information” or “personal data,” and some of which may be considered “sensitive” under various applicable laws. We will also treat other information, including IP addresses and cookie identifiers as “personal data” where required by applicable law.
Note that we may de-identify or pseudonymize personal data so that it is non-personal, such as aggregating and/or converting it to a code, sometimes using a functionality commonly known as “hash,” or otherwise removing characteristics that make the data personally identifiable to you. We maintain and use de-identified data without attempting to re-identify it, except where permitted by applicable law, such as to determine whether our de-identification processes satisfy legal requirements. We will treat de-identified or pseudonymized data as non-personal to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. If we combine non-personal data with personal data, then we will treat the combined information as personal data under this privacy policy.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
We may ask you to provide information directly, such as contact information (your name, phone number, email address), demographic data (age, gender, race, ethnicity), payment information, media (photos, video, recordings), and other information about you, including information from your interactions on social media (screen name, comments, likes, status). Certain features may also collect information about your preferences and interests. Below, we provide examples of some instances in which we may collect this type of information:
Registration information
When you sign up for our services, enter or participate in our contests, giveaways or competitions, sweepstakes, and promotions, or attend one of our events, we may collect the information you provide, such as your name, email address, and phone number. For some of our services, we may collect certain demographic data, such as age and gender.
Billing and payment information
When you purchase a product, subscription, or event ticket from us, we may collect payment and identity verification information, including your name, email address, physical address, and payment method.
Information and content you post
When you post or share comments or other content when using our services, we may collect information such as your username, screen name, comments, likes, interests, status, and pictures. We may also collect audio or visual content, such as photos, videos, or recordings you choose to post when using our services, or when granting us access to your camera or microphone while using interactive features of our services.
Market research
When we conduct or sponsor market research activities — such as surveys and product testing — we may collect the information you provide, such as your name, email address, and certain demographic data, such as your age, gender, race, and ethnicity.
Your messages and feedback
We may collect the information you provide when you contact us directly or provide feedback, comments, or suggestions on our services.
Information you provide about others
For some of our features, services, or offerings — like when you refer a friend or relative or invite them to attend one of our events or programs — we may collect information you provide about others, such as names, emails, and birthdays. Please make sure you have permission before you provide this information to us, or in the case of a minor, that you have the authority to do so.
Information you provide when you do business with us
If you are a vendor, service provider, or business partner of Pimsleur, we may collect information about you and the services you provide, including your or your employees’ business contact information. We may also collect other information you or your employees provide as part of your services and our agreement with you.
Information you provide offline
You may also provide us with information in person and offline. For example, we may record you if you visit our offices (including by security surveillance of our premises, including CCTV), or attend a live performance or a taping of one of our programs as a member of the audience. You may also provide information if you submit sweepstakes entrance forms or an application to participate in one of our programs by mail or in person.
Other information
We also collect information that relates to you or can be associated with you, such as passwords, personal preferences and interests, age, gender, and any other information you choose to provide.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
When using our services, including on third-party platforms, we may automatically collect or receive certain information associated with you or your devices, such as your computer, mobile device, gaming system, smart TVs, or other devices. The types of information we may collect automatically include your use of our services, your preferences, and how you interact with our content. It may also include device identifiers such as IP address (including approximate location information), advertising ID, cookie ID, media access control (MAC) address, and other unique identifiers.
When you participate in a chat feature, we can record, use, and retain your communications and the data you provide in order to assist you during the chat session, provide customer support, to improve our products and services, and for marketing purposes. If you do not consent, please do not continue with chat assistance.
We may automatically collect this information using device-based tracking technologies such as cookies, pixels, tags, beacons, scripts, and similar technologies. For more information about tracking technologies, please see
“
Cookies and other tracking technologies
”
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM THIRD PARTIES
Information from our partners and service providers
We collect information from our business partners and service providers. Our business partners can include companies such as your TV or internet service provider, mobile phone carrier, or other device provider or company who makes our services or content available to you. We also collect information about you from our service providers acting on our behalf.
The information our business partners provide to us varies depending on the nature of their services and may include IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers, information about your interests, demographic data, purchasing behavior, and your online activity.
Information you provide through social media
If you connect with us through a social media platform or navigate to a social media platform from one of our services, the social media platform will collect your information separately from us. We may also collect information you have publicly posted using your social media accounts. You should review the social media platforms’ privacy policies to understand how they are using your information and your rights in relation to such information.
Information from other third-party and public sources
We may collect information about you from other sources, including data licensors and aggregators, marketing companies, advertising partners, programming distributors, social media platforms, and public databases. This information may include demographic data, purchasing behavior, your interests, and your online activity.
Information We Derive
We may derive additional information or draw inferences about you based on the information we have collected from you directly, through your device, or through third parties, such as research agencies and data companies.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION AND WHY
We may process your personal information to provide you with the Pimsleur services you request, as part of our agreement with you, or to maintain our relationship with you. We also may process your personal information for legitimate business purposes, or where the law requires or permits us to do so. We will ask for your consent beforehand if we need it to process your personal information.
Note that we may de-identify or pseudonymize your personal data so as to make it non-personal, either by combining it with data about other individuals and/or by hashing the data or otherwise removing characteristics that make the data personally identifiable to you. We will treat de-identified or pseudonymized data as non-personal to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. We maintain and use de-identified data without attempting to re-identify it, except where permitted by applicable law, such as to determine whether our de-identification processes satisfy legal requirements. If we combine non-personal data with personal data, then we will treat the combined data as personal data under this Privacy Policy. We may share non-personal data with third parties for any purpose in our discretion and as permitted by law, including for advertising, research and marketing purposes.
Providing you with access to PIMSLEUR services
We may use your personal information to give you access to Pimsleur’s services and perform our agreements with you. We may also process your personal information to manage our relationship with you. These activities may include the following:
Creating and managing your account, subscriptions, and registrations.
Authenticating your account or verifying your identity.
Providing you with the services that you request, customer support, and account updates.
Completing any transactions you request.
Performing any of our contractual obligations.
Our legitimate business purposes
We may use your personal information for the following legitimate business purposes:
Providing and managing our services, and ensuring that our services function correctly.
Maintaining and enhancing the safety and security of our services and preventing misuse.
Communicating with you and responding to your questions.
Personalizing your experience with our services.
Managing contests, giveaways, competitions, sweepstakes, offers, or promotions, including verifying your eligibility and selecting winners.
Performing social media activities, market research, surveys, and product testing, including regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.
Running advertising and marketing campaigns for our own or third-party products and services, including by sending promotional messages and newsletters, and creating user segments to target more relevant audiences (which may involve converting your information to hashed identifiers).
Managing social media interactions and user-generated content (such as posts or comments you submit on public platforms), enabling interactive features, and personalizing our services.
Managing our audience relationships, shows, and events.
Conducting security monitoring and access controls to our premises, including CCTV/security cameras.
Operating, analyzing, and improving our services (including determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing; performing data analytics, research and optimization; learning more about our audiences; and performing accounting, auditing, and other internal functions).
Exercising our rights and remedies and defending ourselves against legal claims.
Preventing fraud and other illegal activity, claims, and other liabilities.
Complying with and enforcing relevant industry standards, our terms, policies, and other rights.
We take steps to ensure that we balance the interests we pursue with your interests, rights, and freedoms. For more information about how we do this, please
contact us.
Legal obligations and permissions
We may use your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, including performing accounting and tax-related obligations, and responding to government and judicial requests.
We also may process your personal information when the law otherwise permits.
Your consent
In other cases we will ask for your consent beforehand if we need it to process your personal information.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH AND WHY
We may share the categories of personal information we obtain about you (as described above) with the categories of third parties listed in this section.  We may share your personal information within the
Simon & Schuster family of companies
, with our service providers, and with our business partners (including providing advertising based on your interests). We may also share your information with sponsors and other partners for events, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions.
We may share your personal information as part of a corporate transaction, to comply with our legal obligations, and to protect ourselves.
If you ask us to do so, we will also share your personal information with others.
We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy.  We will tell you before we do this.
SIMON & SCHUSTER family of companies
We may share your information among the
Simon & Schuster family of companies
for the purposes described under
“How we use your information and why”
.
Service providers
We may share your information with companies and individuals that provide us with certain services or who perform services on our behalf. These providers include professional advisors, business support services, customer support providers, web hosting providers, information technology providers, payment processors, event service providers, direct mail and email distribution service providers, partners supporting our contests, sweepstakes, giveaways and promotions, and analytics and market research services. These service providers are only permitted to use your personal information to help us offer our services to you and not for any other purpose.
Business partners
We may share your information with business partners involved in activities such as marketing, audience measurement, co-branded services or events, and digital distribution of content. These business partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies.
We may also share your information with sponsors, prize partners, and others that support us in events, contests, sweepstakes, giveaways, or promotions. For example, we may share your information with the prize partners to deliver prizes.
Advertisers
We may share your information with third parties to deliver and measure advertising based on your interests. These third parties include advertisers, ad agencies, advertising networks, identity partners, platforms, and publishers. We may sometimes share segments or custom audience data with third parties for marketing and data enrichment purposes. For more information about your advertising choices, please see
“Cookies and other tracking technologies”
.
Legal advisors and others
We may share your information if we think we have to with our legal and tax advisors, insurers, law enforcement, judicial and other government bodies, and others as necessary to comply with the law, the legal process, to respond to legal claims, or to protect our rights or the property or personal safety of our users, employees, or the public.
Corporate transactions
We may share your information with a potential purchaser and their legal and financial advisors and others, as appropriate, as part of any actual or contemplated reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets involving our brands or as part of a joint venture or other strategic partnership.
Other third parties
We will provide your information to other third parties when you ask us to do so, such as when you participate in an interactive service that a third party operates, or otherwise with your consent.
YOUR CHOICES, RIGHTS, AND CONTROLS
You may have certain rights and choices regarding your personal information, such as the right to ask us for a copy of the information we hold about you. These rights are not available everywhere and may be limited by local laws. For example, these rights may not be available to you if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep.
To exercise any of these rights or choices, please visit our
Data Privacy Webform
.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising.
Pimsleur engages in online advertising practices (and certain analytics or similar activities) that may be considered "targeted advertising" under certain states’ laws. To disable sharing through cookies set by third parties that may be considered targeted advertising under such laws, please click on the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the relevant websites or in the settings menu of the relevant mobile or online applications. Please also review
“Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies”
below for information on industry tools and device settings that may be available to you.
Access, Correction and Deletion.
Our services may contain webpages or applications through which you can correct or update some of the personal data you have provided (such as via an online account) or through which you may be able to unsubscribe or modify the email newsletters or similar communications we send to you. If you have an online account, you are responsible for maintaining and updating, as applicable, your account registration data with current, accurate, and complete information.
You may also exercise the privacy choices listed below by contacting us via our
Data Privacy Webform
.
Access your personal information:
You may confirm whether we are processing your personal information and request access to such information.
Delete your personal information:
You may request that we delete your personal information.
Correct the personal information we hold about you:
You may request that we correct personal information that we have on file about you that you believe is inaccurate.
For additional information about the rights that may be available to you if you live in certain states in the US and additional jurisdictions, please see “
Jurisdiction Specific Rights
”.
Opt out of receiving marketing messages
To stop receiving our promotional messages, follow the instructions in any marketing message you get from us. In some cases, such as if you have a registered account, you can also change your preferences in your account. Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we may still send you important non-marketing messages about your account, the services you requested, or any purchases you make.
When you use any of our services that send push notifications or offers to your mobile device, you can change your preferences through the settings on your mobile device and/or in the applicable mobile service.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Pimsleur is a global company that may transfer your personal information to a country (including the United States) that does not provide the same level of protection for your personal information. Pimsleur may transfer your personal information to the
Simon & Schuster family of companies
, carefully selected service providers, business partners, and other third parties for the purposes described in this policy.
Whenever we transfer your personal information, we look at the risks to your information and rely on safeguards like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your rights are protected. If we share personal information with a third party, we will require them to protect your personal information appropriately.
GENERAL AUDIENCE SITE
The services are general audience and do not target users younger than the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data online from children younger than the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and think we have data about your child, please contact us at
privacyadministrator@simonandschuster.com
.
If you are a School User or a Sponsored Student, your use of the Services are governed by the
Pimsleur Learning Platform Student/Organization Privacy Policy
.
RETENTION
We will retain your personal information for the time period reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes described in this privacy policy, or any other notice provided at the time of collection unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law, taking into account applicable statutes of limitation and our records retention requirements and policies.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We may automatically receive certain information about you and your device using browser- or device-based tracking technologies described below. These technologies allow us to ensure our services are functioning correctly, improve our services, provide and measure advertisements, and provide personalized content to you.
You can manage how these tracking technologies are used by adjusting your device or browser settings and, in some countries, by selecting your preferences in a consent management solution. In some cases, you can opt out of tracking by our analytics providers by visiting their opt-out pages directly.
Tracking technologies and purposes
Cookies:
Cookies are small data files stored on your browser or device. They may be served by the entity that operates the website you are visiting (“first-party cookies”) or by other companies (“third-party cookies”).
Pixels:
Pixels are small images on a web page or in an email. Pixels collect information about your browser or device and can set cookies on your browser.
Local Storage:
Local storage allows data about your browser or device to be stored locally on your browser or device and includes HTML5 local storage and browser cache.
SDKs:
SDKs (also known as “software development kits”) are blocks of code, typically provided by our partners, that may be installed in our applications. SDKs may help us understand how you interact with our applications and may collect information about the device and network you use to access our applications, such as the advertising ID associated with your device or information about how you interact with our applications.
The purposes for which we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies generally fall into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary:
Examples include carrying out or facilitating the transmission of communications over a network, and technologies that are strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g., our website or a service on our website).
Functional:
Examples include helping ensure our services function correctly, remembering your settings and preferences (such as your language preferences), helping to identify and prevent security risks, or helping us understand and improve our services.
Performance:
Examples include collecting information about how you interact with our services and personalizing content for you.
Targeting:
Examples include making advertising more relevant and meaningful to you. These may also include “social cookies,” which enable you to share content with your friends on social media platforms, such as Facebook or Twitter.
On our child-directed services, we do not use (or allow our partners to use) automatically-collected information, such as IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and other device identifiers, other than to support our internal operations, which include the following:
Providing children with access to features and activities on those services.
Customizing content and improve those services.
Serve contextual advertising and limiting how often you or your child see a particular advertisement on those services.
MANAGING COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Consent management solution
You can manage your preferences by clicking on the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the relevant websites or in the settings menu on the relevant mobile or online application. Please note that when you use these tools, you need to renew your choices each time you clear your cookies, use a new browser or device, or visit a different Pimsleur service.
Browser controls
Although most browsers and devices accept cookies by default, their settings usually allow you to clear and decline cookies. Web browsers often store your preferences in a cookie. Blocking cookies may prevent the services from operating as expected and may also prevent storing your preferences and choices.
Below are links to the cookie opt-out pages of common web browsers. If your web browser is not listed here, you should review your web browser terms to learn more about your cookie choices.
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Analytics provider opt-outs
To opt out of certain tracking by our analytics providers, you may visit the links below:
Google Analytics
Adobe Omniture
Nielsen
Some of our services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software that will allow you to contribute to market research. For more information about Nielsen’s digital measurement products, please review
Nielsen’s privacy statement here
.
Interest-based advertising
We, our service providers, business partners, and other third parties may use interest-based advertising. This means that we may collect information about you on our services and on third-party services to help serve advertising relevant to your interests across your devices, browsers, and on and off our services. For more information on the choices that may be available to you to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (US)
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada)
Digital Advertising Alliance (Australia)
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)
Network Advertising Initiative
You can also opt out of interest-based advertising with some of the third-party partners we use, such as Google (
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
). Please note that if you opt out of interest-based advertising, some information will still be collected for other purposes, such as research, analytics, and internal operations. You will also continue to receive contextual advertisements, but they may be less relevant to your interests.
On many mobile devices, you can manage interest-based advertising through your device’s settings. These options can include resetting your device’s advertising ID or selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” (for Android devices) in your device settings.
Connected devices (such as tablets, connected TVs, set top boxes, and gaming consoles) may also use an advertising ID or other methods to identify you or serve you interest-based advertising. In some cases, you can disable tracking by selecting options like “limit ad tracking” or disabling options like “interest-based advertising” in your connected device’s settings. These options will vary by device and we do not control the policies or practices of third parties providing these devices.
Please note that your choice to opt out is device- or browser-specific and you will need to manage your preferences for each device or browser you use. You may also need to make this choice separately on different Pimsleur services.  For additional information on exercising your privacy rights, please see
“Your choices, rights, and controls”
.
For additional information about the rights that may be available to you depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, please see
“Jurisdiction Specific Rights”
.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this privacy policy based on new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. We will let you know if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. When updating you about any material changes, we may email you at the last email address you provided, post a notice on our websites or applications, or by any other means permitted by applicable law.
CONTACT US
The Pimsleur company responsible for your personal information can be
found here
.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or would like to contact the data protection officer, please visit our
Data Privacy Webform
.
If you prefer to send your questions or comments by postal mail, please send a letter to the following address:
Simon & Schuster Legal
Privacy Request
1230 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10020
United States
JURISDICTION SPECIFIC RIGHTS:
A. United States
If you are a California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, or Virginia resident, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, as described below. Not all the rights will be available to you and we may not have to comply with your request depending on where you live. This section does not apply to personal information collected from you in the context of career opportunities, work relationship or your  employment with Pimsleur. Please visit the
Simon & Schuster Workplace Privacy Notice
to understand your rights if you are a part of our workforce. Certain terms used in this section have the meaning given to them under applicable US state privacy laws. You or your authorized agent (when applicable) may submit a request to exercise any of the  below rights, where provided to you by applicable law,  by visiting our
Data Privacy Webform
or by calling us at (800) 223-2336.
Access/Data Portability.
You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal Information and to access your personal information. Where required by law, this includes to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold about you, and to the extent feasible and permitted by applicable law, in a readily usable format to allow data portability. For Oregon residents or where otherwise provided by applicable law, this includes a list of third parties with whom we have shared personal information.
Opt-out.
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising and the sale or sharing (for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes) of your personal information. For more information on this right, please see
“Information About the Sharing or Sale of Personal Information”
.
To opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, or our processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, click on the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the relevant websites or in the settings menu of the relevant mobile or online applications. Note that your choice to opt out is device- or browser-specific and you will need to manage your preferences for each device or browser you use. You may also need to make this choice separately on different Pimsleur services.
Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete personal information we hold about you.
Correction.
You have the right to request correction of your inaccurate personal information.
Automated decision making/Profiling.
We may use algorithms that automatically select content or advertising that may be of interest to you and that may create a “profile” about your interests. We do not use these algorithms to make decisions that may have a legal or similarly significant effect on you and accordingly we do not provide this right.
Non-discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of the rights described here.
Sensitive Personal Information.
We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for purposes of inferring characteristics about individuals. If you are a Virginia, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, or Connecticut resident, we will obtain your consent to the processing of any Sensitive Data (as defined by the applicable state law) we collect. If you are a resident of Utah, we will notify you at or before the time of collection of Sensitive Data (as defined by Utah law) and provide you an opportunity to opt-out of the processing.
Appeal.
If you have any unresolved privacy concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily after contacting us, you may have the right to appeal our decision, depending on the state in which you reside. You can submit your appeal by responding directly in your request or by opening a new request and selecting ‘General Privacy Request’ and indicating that you are appealing our response to your previous request. Please provide your full name and basis for your appeal.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
The following are categories of personal information that we may collect about you, as well as examples of the types of personal information that may be collected (or may have been collected):
Identifiers
Names and aliases
Physical address
Phone number
Email address
IP address
Unique identifiers
Legally protected characteristics
Gender
Age
Commercial information
Interactions with customer service
Information about transactions made on our services, including purchase history
Financial information
Credit card numbers
Inferences drawn from your personal information
Information related to your preferences, attitudes, online behaviors, demographics, product and ad choices, and preferences
Geolocation data
Information related to your location, including your IP address
Internet / electronic activity
Information collected through tracking tools, such as browser cookies and web beacons. Please see
“Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies”
to learn more about these tools and how to control them.
Customer preferences and attributes, such as likes, interests, social media statuses and updates, pictures, and references to your online presence
Information related to your location, including your IP address
Passwords
Device attributes
Audio/visual information
Audio, photos, videos, or recordings you choose to post to our services or provide by granting us access to your camera or microphone while using interactive features of our services
Professional information
If you are a vendor, service provider, or business partner of Pimsleur, we may collect information about you and the services you provide, including your or your employees’ business contact information and other information you or your employees provide to us as part of the services you may provide and our agreement with you.
We may use your personal information for the purposes described in
“How We Use Your Information & Why”
and for the following business purposes:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics services, providing storage, or providing similar services.
Providing advertising and marketing services.
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance.
Short-term, transient use, such as non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us.
Helping to ensure security and integrity.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services and to improve, upgrade, or enhance them.
Debugging to identify and repair errors.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Managing our relationships with current or prospective partners, corporate customers and vendors, and other business partner personnel.
We may have collected personal information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you (e.g., information provided when you register with one of our services, submit payment for services, post on our services, when you correspond with us, or otherwise provide information to us offline, etc.).
Cookies and other online tracking technologies, through which we automatically collect information.
Business partners (e.g., analytics companies, etc.).
Third parties (e.g., data brokers, marketing companies, advertising partners, social media platforms, data aggregators, public databases, etc.).
Inferences from your profile or online behaviors.
PERSONAL INFORMATION DISCLOSED FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE TO THIRD PARTIES
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes (as described above) to the following categories of third parties:
Category of personal information
Categories of third parties
Identifiers
The Simon & Schuster family of companies;
In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands);
Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.);
Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.);
Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions;
Partners that to provide advertising and marketing services; or
When you ask us to provide information to a third party.
Legally protected characteristics
The Simon & Schuster family of companies;
In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands);
Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.);
Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.);
Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions;
Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or
When you ask us to provide information to a third party.
Commercial information
The Simon & Schuster family of companies;
In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands);
Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.);
Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.);
Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions;
Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or
When you ask us to provide information to a third party.
Inferences drawn from your personal information
The Simon & Schuster family of companies;
In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands);
Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.);
Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.);
Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions;
Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or
When you ask us to provide information to a third party.
Financial information
The Simon & Schuster family of companies;
In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands);
Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.);
Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.);
Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions; or
When you ask us to provide information to a third party.
Geolocation data
The Simon & Schuster family of companies;
In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands);
Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.);
Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.);
Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions;
Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or
When you ask us to provide information to a third party.
Internet / electronic activity
The Simon & Schuster family of companies;
In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands);
Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.);
Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.);
Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions;
Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or
When you ask us to provide information to a third party.
Audio/visual information
The Simon & Schuster family of companies;
In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands);
Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.);
Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.);
Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions;
Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or
When you ask us to provide information to a third party.
Professional information
The Simon & Schuster family of companies;
In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands);
Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.);
Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); or
When you ask us to provide information to a third party.
In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, we may have disclosed personal information about you to government entities or others if required by law.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE SHARING OR SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
NOTICE: We may “sell” your sensitive personal data as defined by Texas law. Specifically, we may sell your precise geolocation as further described below.
Certain disclosures of information that we make to third parties or purposes for which we use data we receive from third parties may constitute the “sale” of your personal information, “sharing” of your personal information (for “cross-context behavioral advertising” purposes), or “processing” of your personal information for purposes of “targeted advertising” under applicable laws. For instance, we may disclose certain device identifiers and advertising identifiers associated with your mobile or internet-connected device to advertising partners. Those partners use and share those identifiers to show you advertisements that are targeted to your interests on third-party sites and services. We also receive information from third parties, which we use to help inform which ads to show you on our own services.
Where a brand engages in such activities or otherwise “sells” your personal information, we will give you the opportunity to opt out by clicking the Cookie Preferences link on the footer of the relevant website, or in the settings menu of the relevant mobile or online application, or other service. If you submit an opt-out request, you will still see ads on our services, though they might be less relevant to you. These ads may be based on historical information or information “shared” or “sold” by other sources. Please note that, when you use these tools on our services, you may need to renew your choices each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. You may also need to make this choice separately for some of our services. You also can update your browser settings to make certain choices about third-party cookies.
The following types of personal information may be processed for purposes of targeted advertising, “shared” with or “sold” to advertising partners, analytics providers, and marketing partners:
Identifiers:
Names and aliases; email address; IP address; unique identifier.
Commercial information:
Information about transactions or content choices made on or in connection with our services.
Inferences drawn from your personal information:
Information related to your preferences, attitudes, online behaviors, demographics, and product and ad choices, and preferences.
Geolocation data:
Information related to your location, including your IP address.
Internet / electronic activity:
Information collected through cookies and web beacons; device attributes; customer preferences and attributes, such as likes, interests, social media statuses and updates, pictures, and references to your online presence.
We do not have actual knowledge that we “sell” or “share” personal information of individuals under the age of 16.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
Under California regulations, certain programs we offer that provide benefits to consumers may be considered financial incentive programs. We may collect personal information from you in connection with these programs, such as contact information (e.g., name, email address) and certain commercial information, for a number of reasons, including to administer the program, to provide the benefits to you, to better serve you, and to fulfil your requests associated with the program.
When you sign-up for an email list or other discounts and special offers, you may be opting-in to a financial incentive. If applicable, please see the terms of the program you are joining for additional information. Participation in our programs is voluntary and you may withdraw from a financial incentive at any time by opting out from our emails. To the extent that we provide a program that may be considered a financial incentive because the program is directly or reasonably related to the collection, deletion or sale or retention of consumer personal information, the value of the personal information is related to the estimated cost of providing the relevant financial incentive(s) for which the information was collected.
Do Not Track.
Some browsers incorporate a 'Do Not Track' (DNT) feature that, when turned on, signals to websites and online services that you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to browser DNT signals, we do not currently respond to them.
“Shine the Light” and “Eraser” Laws.
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to whom we have disclosed certain information during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of a service where this policy is posted, you may request removal of content or information you have publicly posted. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete removal from the internet of the content or information you posted, and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal. For all requests under the “Shine the Light” or “Eraser” Law, please visit our
Data Privacy Webform
and complete the form relevant to your relationship with Pimsleur and select ‘California’ as your state. We will only accept requests to exercise these rights through this mechanism.
ADDITIONAL JURISDICTIONS
We also offer rights to our consumers who reside in Australia, Canada, India and the United Kingdom. These rights include:
Right of Access/Right to Be Informed:
The right to confirm whether/how we process your personal information as well as the right to request access to, and a copy of, the information we hold about you, including details as to how we process your personal information.
Right to Object/Restrict processing:
The right to object to or restrict our processing of your personal information.
Right to Erasure:
The right to request the erasure or deletion of your personal information.
Right to Rectification:
The right to correct, amend, or update your personal information.
Right to Data Portability:
The right to request that we transfer (port) your personal information to another company or third party.
Right to Withdraw Consent:
The right to withdraw your consent to processing your personal information.
If you have interacted with us in a commercial capacity (such as vendor, partner, client, etc.), you may also have rights available to you.
Automated Decision Making:
We may process your personal information using automated decision-making technologies or algorithms, such as when we automatically select advertising or content that may be of interest to you. These technologies are not used to make automated decisions that have legal or similarly significant effect on you.
If you would like to submit a request to exercise any of the rights that are available to you, ask a question, or contact us, please use our
Data Privacy Webform
.
Verification Procedures:
Before responding to a request, we may need to ask for additional information and may send you an email to verify your identity and confirm that you submitted the request. We may also need additional information to verify that your authorized agent or representative has the authority to make a request on your behalf. We will respond to your request within the time period required under the law. We will use the information you provide for verification only for the purpose of verification. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to respond to your request or respond to it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
Please note that while we will carefully assess every request we receive, your rights may differ depending on where you live and may be limited by local law.
If you have any unresolved privacy concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily after contacting us, you may have the right to appeal our decision or contact your local data protection authority to lodge a complaint, depending on the country in which you reside.
SIMON & SCHUSTER CONTROLLER LIST
The controllers listed below are the companies that make decisions about how and why Simon & Schuster uses your personal information.
Simon & Schuster, LLC
Simon & Schuster (Australia) Pty. Limited
Simon & Schuster Publishers India Private Limited
Simon & Schuster (UK) Limited
Simon & Schuster Canada ULC
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.pimsleur.com/schools-privacy-policy/:
Need help?
We're here for you.
Daily, 9am - 10pm ET
Live Chat
USA/CANADA
(800) 831-5497
Email Us
We and our third-party partners use cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies to operate the site, enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and performance, and assist in our marketing efforts such as to display personalized content, including ads. Please review our
Privacy Policy
which applies to your use of this site and make your cookie choices below.
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Preferences
Your Opt-Out Preference Signal is Honored
Cookie Preference Center
When you visit our website, we and certain third parties, including advertising companies, use cookies to collect information about you, your device, and your visits to our website. We and third parties use the information for various purposes such as to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide personalized content, including delivering advertisements that may be relevant to your interests. To opt in to certain cookies, including those used for advertising purposes, please modify your Cookie Preferences below. Please be sure to click the “Confirm My Choices” button at the bottom to save your preference. If you use different devices or browsers, you may need to indicate your opt-in choices on each of those devices and browsers. Learn more about how we collect and process your data in our
Privacy Policy
. To opt-in to certain categories of cookies, please move the toggle switch next to the cookie name from left to right
Accept All Cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
View Vendor Details‎
Analytic & Performance
These cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use our properties, such as to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and user experience (for example, to remember choices you make when using our site). They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting/Advertising/Do Not Sell or Share for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We and certain third party analytics, advertising, social media, and similar partners may collect information from visitors through cookies for analytics and to personalize your experience, including to serve you targeted ads and content. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on this and on other properties. Under certain circumstances, the collection of personal information through these cookies may be considered “sales”, “sharing”, or “targeted advertising” under applicable laws.
Social Media
Switch Label
label
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the services to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites, building up a profile of your interests to show you relevant content and advertisements on the relevant social networks.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Cookie Preferences
Sub-policy 1
https://simon-privacy.my.onetrust.com/webform/42b48037-2185-4e2d-96d2-a4301bbc3f8a/b3c0395b-4ed8-404f-b14b-3d388bec653d:
Welcome! Please complete this form to submit your privacy request. For more information about our data practices, please review our privacy policies.
Simon & Schuster Privacy Policy
Pimsleur Privacy Policy
Avoid job recruitment scams. For more information, please review our fraud alert.
Simon & Schuster Fraud Alert
Country
*
Brands
Required
Please select which of our brand(s) you have interacted with.
Simon & Schuster
Pimsleur
First Name
Enter the first name of the data subject
Last Name
Enter the last name of the data subject
Email
Enter email for correspondence with the data request.
By submitting this form, I confirm that I am a resident of the country I selected above, or I have the legal authorization to do so on behalf of such person, and the information I have provided is accurate.
Submit
Please select which of our brand(s) you have interacted with.
Enter the first name of the data subject
Enter the last name of the data subject
Enter email for correspondence with the data request.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.nielsen.com/legal/privacy-principles/digital-measurement-privacy-statement:
Skip to content
English (U.S.)
English (U.S.)
English (U.S.)
Czech
Čeština
Danish
Dansk
English (Australia)
English (Australia)
English (Great Britain)
English (Great Britain)
English (Ireland)
English (Ireland)
English (New Zealand)
English (New Zealand)
English (South Africa)
English (South Africa)
French
Français
German
Deutsch
Irish
Gaeilge
Italian
Italiano
Japanese
日本語 (にほんご)
Norwegian
Norsk Bokmål
Polish
Polski
Portuguese
Português (Portugal)
Spanish
Español
Spanish (United States)
Spanish (United States)
Swedish
Svenska
Thai
ไทย
Traditional Chinese (Taiwan)
Traditional Chinese (Taiwan)
Digital measurement privacy statement
Digital measurement privacy statement
Digital measurement privacy statement
Please choose your
language
or
country
from the drop down menu
Digital measurement
privacy
notice - US
Effective Date: December 2024
Nielsen ("
Nielsen
", "
we
", or "
us
") is committed to protecting consumer privacy and processing personal data in an open and transparent manner. This Digital Measurement Privacy Notice ("
Notice
") covers the collection, use, and disclosure of data collected via our proprietary software and digital technologies in order to provide digital measurement services to our clients. These services measure and analyze how consumers engage with media online, across websites, mobile apps and devices, and enable Nielsen to offer research insights into consumer online behavior. The practices described in this Privacy Notice are undertaken by Nielsen companies providing digital measurement services around the world. Learn more about Nielsen's group of companies
here
.
This Privacy Notice reflects our general digital measurement practices. However, our contracts with clients may place limits on what we can or cannot do with data collected when we provide such digital measurement services to them. In some cases, we may not be permitted to use and share data in all of the ways described in this Privacy Notice. When our contract with a client only permits us to process data to provide the client with services, we typically do so as a "service provider" or “data processor”. When our contract with a client permits us to process data for purposes other than providing services to the client, we may do so as a "business" or "data controller".
Please review the privacy notices of website publishers and other parties whose websites and applications you use for specific information about their use of data collected on those websites and applications, including through their use of our digital measurement services. We require our clients to let their users know about the use of measurement products and software (although they may not always identify Nielsen by name), ensure they have obtained appropriate permissions to collect, use, and disclose to us data collected as a result of their use of the our digital measurement services; and ensure users are given appropriate choices with respect to the collection and use of their data.
A. Data collection
Nielsen works with various companies, including , advertisers, agencies and publishers, to measure the effectiveness and reach of online content viewed or listened to, regardless of the device used to consume it. For example, we help advertisers better understand campaign performances across television, computer and mobile device audiences.
How Data is Collected:
Our clients include Nielsen's proprietary measurement software in their content on their chosen sites, advertisements, mobile apps, video players, and other internet-connected devices (such as smart TVs). Alternatively, they may provide us data directly through connections to their servers or other secure data transfer methods. In this Privacy Notice the word "content" refers to audio, video, advertisements and any other media users might encounter or engage with online. Nielsen's measurement software is embedded in the content or via the devices that you use in order to gather information that helps us understand what content users are exposed to and interact with, and which advertising campaigns are effective.
The specific data collected depends on how our clients use our measurement software but a description of the data we can collect is provided below. We do not identify, or attempt to identify individuals from the data collected:
Desktop:
IP address, cookie ID, hashed email address, browser type, language, and referring website addresses.
Mobile Device:
IP address, Cookie ID, hashed email address, device type and model, mobile Advertising identifiers, operating system
Connected TV:
IP address, cookie ID, hashed email address, browser type, language, and referring website addresses.
We also collect information about the content that was viewed – such as the ad campaign, program or episode as well as information about where the content was viewed – such as the website or the app.
We do not track or collect information about users' activities across sites or applications. Data we collect may be matched with data from Nielsen panelists or other companies that recognize their own users or that collect data about consumers generally, such as social media companies or ecommerce companies. Data from these other sources is used to enhance or calibrate the data collected from our measurement software, and to enable more robust research and analyses. These companies provide Nielsen with aggregated audience statistics (such as age and gender make-up of an audience) which does not include data that could directly identify an individual.
In some cases, we collect information directly from individuals. Occasionally, Nielsen presents short surveys to users who may or may not have been exposed to our clients' content. Responses are voluntary, and the surveys do not ask for or collect any directly identifiable data.
B. Data use
We process personal data to provide our digital measurement services to clients. This enables the creation of research insights, reports, and analyses of consumer online behavior including the composition of the audience that viewed certain content or about the effectiveness of an advertising campaign, such as an audience measurement report finding that an ad campaign was viewed by "70,000 females between the ages 24-30 in the U.S., Pacific Northwest region."
We use tools and methods to make sure that there is no reasonable possibility of identifying users from the reports and insights we create and provide to our clients. The data we collect from users is combined with the data collected from other sources to produce aggregated reports from which users cannot be uniquely identified; if it is not aggregated, we take steps to make sure there is no reasonable possibility of re-identification.
In addition to processing personal information for our digital measurement services and research purposes as described above, we process personal information to:
Operate and manage our IT and security systems, including to monitor such systems and identify and respond to security events;
Detect and prevent fraud;
Conduct research for quality assurance and product, service, and business development purposes, including research and development. This includes data analysis, audits, developing new products, producing predictive models, improving our services, identifying usage trends, and determining the effectiveness of our communications;
Facilitate the day-to-day operations and financial management of the Nielsen group of companies and any corporate transactions (e.g., re-organization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, etc);
Protect the rights, safety, property, or operations of one or more Nielsen entities, you, or others;
Comply with applicable laws and regulations and establish, exercise, and/or defend the legal rights of one or more Nielsen entities; and
Respond to requests and communications from law enforcement authorities or other government officials.
C. How personal data is shared
In connection with one or more of the data use purposes described above, we may share data, including personal data, with the following recipients.
Other entities within the
Nielsen group of companies
;
Third parties that provide services to us, such as, but not limited to, website or system hosting, management, and support; data back-up; data analysis; security and storage services; and IT infrastructure services;
Third parties if necessary to complete any transaction you requested or authorized, or to third parties such as other market research companies and our clients in accordance with market research industry ethical guidelines;
Third parties in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock;
Third parties when disclosure is required by law or needed to exercise or preserve our legal rights, or to take action regarding potentially illegal activities.
In each case, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the data is protected as described in this Privacy Notice. We do not sell personal information to third parties for their own commercial use.
Regional Information for US Residents
Some US state privacy laws require Nielsen to provide specific disclosures. Although this Privacy Notice accurately represents our practices with respect to our collection and processing of personal data, our
US State Specific Privacy Notice
supplements the information in this Privacy Notice and includes mandated disclosures that address the unique requirements and definitions that apply when we collect Personal Information from residents of these states.
D. International transfers of personal information
The disclosures described in the "How personal data is shared" section above result in the transfer of your data to countries or regions with data protection laws that differ from those in your country of residence. We respect applicable local laws regarding cross-border transfers of and access to personal data and take steps to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect such data.
The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), The UK Extension To The EU-U.S. DPF, and The SWISS-U.S. DPF
The Nielsen Company (US), LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. The Nielsen Company (US), LLC has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. The Nielsen Company (US), LLC has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over The Nielsen Company (US), LLC’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Internal Complaints Mechanism - (DPF)
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, The Nielsen Company (US), LLC commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Nielsen’s Data Protection Officer at:
privacy.department@nielsen.com
.
Independent Recourse Mechanism - (DPF)
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, The Nielsen Company (US), LLC commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
E. Data security
Nielsen maintains physical, technical, and organizational security measures to protect personal data against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, or access, wherever it is processed. We use generally-accepted industry security standards including physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards that are designed to help protect the data that we collect, use, and retain.
F. Data retention
We store personal information for as long as needed to provide our digital measurement services to clients, for our research and analysis purposes as described in this Privacy Notice, and in accordance with law.
G. Choices
Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights with your data. If you do not wish to participate in Nielsen's digital measurement research, you may opt out.
If you choose to opt out, Nielsen will only collect aggregated counts of how many times and for how long a piece of content (e.g. a video or an advertisement) has been viewed.
Please visit our
opt out page
for detailed device specific opt out information.
H. Your rights
Depending on your country or state (US) of residence, under applicable law you may have rights with respect to our processing of your personal data.
Rights may include one or more of the following:
the right to request confirmation as to whether or not we are processing your personal data and, where that is the case, to request access to such data together with information about the nature, processing, and disclosure of your personal data;
the right to request that we correct inaccurate or update incomplete personal data concerning you (please note that this right may be limited based on the nature and context of the processing);
the right to request that certain data provided by or otherwise obtained about you be deleted.
If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights described above please submit a request
here
. Nielsen does not discriminate against users who exercise their rights under applicable law.
Only you or an "Authorized Agent" permitted to act on your behalf may submit a request. An ‘Authorized Agent" means a natural person or a business entity you have authorized to act on your behalf by providing your written permission. Please note, we may deny a request from an Authorized Agent if they do not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Your request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an Authorized Agent; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or your authority to make the request or confirm the personal information related to you. To verify your identity, we will match data you provide when you submit your request to any personal information we already maintain.
I. Changes to this privacy notice
We may make changes to this Privacy Notice from time to time in light of, for example, changing business and information-handling practices, technology, or legal requirements. Please take a look at the “Effective Date” at the beginning of this Privacy Notice to see when it was last revised.
If you have any comments or questions regarding this privacy notice, please contact us at
privacy.department@nielsen.com
.
Nielsen shapes the world's media and content as a global leader in audience measurement, data and analytics. Through our understanding of people and their behaviors across all channels and platforms, we empower our clients with independent and actionable intelligence so they can connect and engage with their audiences - now and into the future. Nielsen operates around the world in more than 55 countries. Learn more at
www.nielsen.com
and connect with us on social media (X, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram).
Additional privacy information
For Nielsen
Our Privacy Principles
Learn more
Careers Privacy Notice
Learn more
Digital Measurement Privacy Notice
Learn more
Marketing Privacy Notice
Learn more
Marketing Cloud Privacy Notice
Learn more
Website Privacy Notice
Learn more
Client Communications Privacy Notice
Learn more
Need more help?
Privacy questions can be submitted by email to:
privacy.department@nielsen.com
Contact us
Find the right solution for your business
In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences.
How can we help?
postid
How can we help?
*
Please select...
Sales Inquiry
Other Inquiry
Inquiry type
*
Please select...
Audience measurement
Gracenote content metadata
Marketing optimization
Media planning
Retail and transaction data
Sports marketing optimization
Former and Current Employee Inquiries
Careers and Internships Opportunities
First name
*
Last name
*
Business email address
*
Job title
*
Industry
*
Please select...
Agency
Automotive
Consulting
CPG
Education
Electronics
Financial Services
Food & Beverages
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality & Travel
Insurance
Internet
Manufacturing
Media
Music
Non-Profit
Other
Pharmaceuticals
Publishing
Radio
Real Estate
Retail
Sports
Technology
Telecommunications
Television & Cable
Video Gaming
Company
*
Location
*
Please select...
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Tell us more about your needs:
*
255 of 255 Character(s) left
Newsletter Opt-in
Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter.
Marketing communications opt-in
Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more!
newsletter
By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our
Privacy Notice
and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us.
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.simonandschuster.com/p/workplace-privacy-notice:
Skip to Main Content
Get 25% off with code SPRING25. Terms apply.
Sign up and get a free ebook!
Don’t miss our ebook deals!
Avoid Publishing Scams. Learn More.
Simon & Schuster Workplace Privacy Notice
Last Modified: April 10, 2024
Simon & Schuster, LLC collects information on individuals who are currently or formerly a part of our workforce — such as employees, applicants, officers and directors, interns, contractors, and other individuals who perform work for us, whether employed by us or not, and their dependents, beneficiaries, and emergency contacts. We also collect information on individuals who we have contracted to work for us or on our third parties’ productions. We refer to this broader group of individuals as ‘workers’ for ease.
Nothing in this notice is intended to create an employment relationship between Simon & Schuster and any non-employee and it does not create any contractual rights or obligations.   While this notice is global in nature, our goal is to meet the requirements in each country where our workforce is located.
Third parties involved in a production may independently collect your personal information directly from you and may use it in accordance with their own privacy policies, with which you should familiarize yourself.   Additional notices about our information practices and choices, such as for certain production activities, may apply to you, and will be made available to you depending on the context of your relationship with us. We invite you to read this notice together with any other applicable privacy notices.
This notice does not apply to information collected when you interact with our services as a consumer or visitor to Simon & Schuster products and services. To learn about our information practices when you are a consumer, you can review our privacy policies available on Simon & Schuster branded properties.
Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at Simon & Schuster. We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of privacy principles:
Transparency
– We will tell you what information we collect about you and how we use it.
Access
– When possible, and when required by law, we will provide you with access to the information that we collect about you.
Security
– We will protect your information with reasonable security measures.
Accountability
– We will take responsibility for the secure processing of your information and do our best to address any concerns or questions that you have about how we process your information.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU & WHY WE USE IT
Simon & Schuster collects a variety of information about you, which we use to support our human resources and other legitimate business and commercial purposes, including establishing, maintaining, and terminating your employment or other service relationship. For purposes of this notice, we refer to this information as “personal information” or “personal data” (each as defined under applicable law). Below, we list categories of the personal information we may collect and the purposes for which we may use it.
Contact Information
(such as your name, telephone number, photo, email address, physical address, and the name, telephone, email address and physical address of your designated emergency contact) in order to contact you with relevant information, to contact you or others on your behalf for all the purposes identified in this notice, to facilitate communication and collaboration among workers, to confirm worker eligibility under applicable union agreements, and to notify you or your next of kin in the event of an emergency, work-related accident or illness.
Payroll and Benefits Information
(such as bank account details, payroll records and information about your compensation, name and date of birth for compliance check purposes, tax status information, pension and other retirement benefits information, social security numbers, tax identification number or other government-issued identification number of you, your spouse/domestic partner, or other family member, information on attendance, vacation, medical, parental/family, or other leave) in order to administer aspects of your employment, salary, and compensation; paying and administering your salary, bonus, incentive plans, family leave pay, sick pay, insurance, and other benefits, and reviewing or making decisions about your employment.
Identity Verification Information
(such as your name, date of birth, address, social security number) in order to administer aspects of your employment or engagement and to comply with legal obligations and/or company policies, including preventing corruption and crimes and confirming your legal work status.
Background Check Information
(such as your job history, qualifications and previous renumeration as well as credit, criminal record, social media and adverse media checks, subject to local law) in order to verify information provided and to evaluate your suitability for a role, information used in connection with your right to work, and other information necessary for your role, such as event credentialing.
Demographic Information and/or Protected Classifications
(such as your age, gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, veteran status, criminal convictions and offenses in accordance with applicable law, disability status and related information, and pregnancy) in order to comply with legal obligations and/or company policies, including record-keeping and reporting required by law and/or company policy, ensuring meaningful equal opportunity monitoring and reporting and support diversity initiatives, and benefits administration.
Security and Compliance Information, Records of IT and Systems Use
(such as CCTV footage, virtual meeting video and audio recordings,  information about your use of our IT, business systems, collaboration tools, company networks, and devices (whether owned by Simon & Schuster or through a service provider, such as a cloud computing company), your communications on our systems, passwords, records of swipe and similar building entry cards, and, in limited cases our networks, systems and other tools, to comply with legal obligations and/or company policies, to monitor use of IT systems and other electronic resources, to conduct internal investigations or audits, to maintain  improve, verify or maintain the quality, safety, security and integrity of our IT, business systems, networks, and devices and improve or upgrade them, to facilitate remote working, and to maintain and improve cybersecurity and physical security.
Performance Management Information
(such as performance appraisal information submitted about or by you, information about your compliance with Simon & Schuster policies, information about disciplinary allegations, and investigations and processes relating to grievances and complaints in which you may be directly or indirectly involved) in order to manage certain aspects of your employment performance and development.
Information Relating to Your Employment Relationship and Terms
(such as information about the terms and dates of your employment, details of union representation, and deductions of contributions) in order to assist with legal compliance, payroll administration, benefits administration, and providing references in connection with your finding new employment.
Information Relating to the Work you Do for Us
(such as information about your role, your travel arrangements, audio/video recordings for performers, and emails or other documents created by you or relating to you) for our day-to-day business operations, compliance with legal obligations or company policies.
Health Information
(such as information about your medical condition, workplace injuries, or disabilities) to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, such as to accommodate disabilities, to assess risks to health and safety in accordance with applicable law, for purposes of workers’ compensation, for occupational health surveillance, compliance, and record-keeping as required by law, to conduct fitness-for-duty examinations as legally permitted, to administer leaves of absence and sick time, and to respond to your medical emergency.
Information relating to pandemics and other health emergencies
(such as information about your health-related status, vaccination status, and exposure to illness) to help us provide a safe workplace and/or comply with legal obligations or company policies, managing employee leave and accommodations, including record-keeping required by law or company policy, for insurance claims (which may involve disclosures to insurers and others), and for use in decisions about staffing needs. We may do the following in relation to Covid-19 (or similar health emergencies):
request information about whether you have had symptoms of the virus, close contact with confirmed cases or traveled to high-risk areas, and whether you would be considered clinically vulnerable or clinically extremely vulnerable;
conduct temperature checks before allowing entrance to our premises;
ask you to be tested for the virus before allowing entrance to our premises; and/or
request information about vaccination status.
Any Other Information You Provide Us
in the context of your work for us in order to administer aspects of your employment or other relationship with us, including by way of employee surveys, or to comply with legal obligations and/or company policies including without limitation reviewing and managing your performance.
In the course of employment, you may be required to provide us with information for other purposes such as sick pay and family rights (e.g. parental leave and pay) or in order to carry out your job role (such as for credentialing purposes).  If you do not provide information that you are required by law or contract to give us, you may lose benefits or we may decide not to employ you or end your contract, subject to applicable law or the terms of such contract.  If you have concerns about this in a particular context, you should speak to HR or your Simon & Schuster business contact.
We may also use your information for other legitimate business purposes, such as: assessing or executing mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, or business transfers, and managing potential and actual claims, disputes, disciplinary proceedings and other investigations.
WHERE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COMES FROM
We collect information about you in a variety of ways. Your information comes from you or your representatives, third parties (such as job references, business partners, professional organizations, staffing agencies, insurance companies), public internet sources (such as public social media profile), public records, service providers, your manager or other colleagues, affiliated or acquired companies, or our IT systems or through automated technologies on our electronic resources, surveillance/recording technologies (such as video surveillance, voicemail technologies and audio recording technologies with consent to the extent required by law), collective bargaining processes, and government or administrative agencies.
RETAINING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We retain your personal information for the time period necessary to achieve the purposes described in this notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law, taking into account applicable statutes of limitation and our records retention requirements and policies.  In general, we will keep your information for the duration of your employment and for a period afterwards.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH & WHY
We may share your personal information within the Simon & Schuster family of companies.
We may share your information with the Simon & Schuster family of companies and Simon & Schuster personnel for the purposes described in this notice. This includes to your managers, HR and other administrators for employment, administrative and management purposes as mentioned herein.
We may share your personal information in connection with a corporate transaction.
As noted above, we may disclose or transfer your personal information as part of, or during negotiations for, any purchase, sale, lease, merger, or any other type of acquisition, disposal, or financing involving a Simon & Schuster entity or brand. Any sharing of personal information in connection with a corporate transaction will always be subject to a customary confidentiality agreement between the parties.
We may share your personal information with service providers and contractors who perform services on our behalf or that are necessary for our business purposes.
We may share your personal information with service providers and contractors that provide us with professional advice, business support, perform services on our behalf or in connection with carrying out our business— such as payroll and benefit service providers; insurers; vendors; information technology providers;   professional advisors such as lawyers and accountants; occupational health and medical service providers; background check providers; and  in connection with productions, production companies and their staff; marketing partners and campaigns; and to provide you with appropriate credit.  These service providers and contractors are allowed to use your information to help in connection with your employment or service for us and not for any other purpose.
We sometimes share your personal information with business partners or other third parties.
We may disclose your information to a business partner, such as a distribution partner of a new product or service with which you will be working, or other third parties, such as a professional organization for award recognition.
We may share your information with government or administrative agencies.
We may disclose your information to government or administrative agencies as required or permitted by law.  For example, we may provide your information to labor agencies to respond to unemployment or disability insurance claims.
In some cases, we may disclose your information to the public.
We disclose information to the public in accordance with industry practice and applicable law. For example, credits for a publication are publicly posted.
We may share your information with labor unions.
We may disclose your information to a union or other similar organization that collectively represents workers if it represents you or with your consent.
We may share your information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves.
For example, we will share your information when it is necessary for us to comply with applicable law or legal process, to respond to legal claims, or to protect our rights or the property or personal safety of our workers, users or the public.
We may share your information for reasons not described in this notice.
We will tell you before we do this if reasonably practicable.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We use reasonable security measures.
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
From time to time, we may change this notice to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us, by posting notice of such changes on our intranet, or by other means, consistent with applicable law.
If you have any questions about this notice, you may contact us by visiting our
Data Privacy Webform
, completing the relevant form and selecting ‘General Privacy Request’.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR WORKERS WHO ARE CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of California, the following additional information applies to you.
Personal Information Collected About California Residents
The following are categories of personal information that we may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the Last Modified date of this notice) about you, your dependents or beneficiaries, or your emergency contacts, as well as examples of the types of personal information that may be collected (or may have been collected):
Identifiers
, including:
Names and Aliases
Physical Address
Phone Number
E-Mail Address
Postal address
Signature
Social Security number
Driver’s License
State identification card
Passport number
Legally Protected Characteristics
, including
Gender identity
Age
Race/Ethnicity/National Origin
Disability
Veteran status
Medical condition
Pregnancy / childbirth / breastfeeding and related medical conditions (as necessary to comply with applicable leave laws and accommodation)
Marital and familial status
Sexual Orientation
Religion
Commercial Information
, including:
Business travel
Expense records
Financial Information
Bank account number
Health Information
, including:
Vaccination status
Health screenings
On-the-job injuries
Leave-related information
Preferences
, including:
Information such as your hobbies or membership in charitable or public organizations.
Information related to your preferences regarding work tools, travel, hours, or food choices.
Geolocation
, including:
Information related to your location, including your IP address
Professional/Employment Related Information
, including:
Professional experience and education (including university degrees, academic records, professional licenses, memberships and certifications, awards and achievements, and current and previous employment details
Union representation
Compensation
Benefits enrollment, including information regarding beneficiaries and dependents
Non-public educational information
Internet/ Electronic Activity
, including:
IP Address
Information collected through tracking tools, such as browser cookies and web beacons
Publicly available social media activity
Passwords
Login credentials
Device attributes
Sensory/Audio/Visual Information
, including:
Photos
Voicemails
Video conference recordings
Footage from security cameras
Information described under § 1798.80
, including:
Insurance policy number
We may have collected data from the following sources:
Directly from you (e.g., in your application, assessments, surveys, or during your relationship with us)
Services providers (e.g., law firms)
Third Parties (e.g., job references, business partners, professional organizations, staffing agencies, insurance companies)
Affiliated Companies
Public Internet Sources
Public Records
Automated Technologies
Surveillance/recording technologies installed by Simon & Schuster (e.g., video surveillance in common areas of Simon & Schuster’s facilities, voicemail technologies and audio recording technologies with consent to the extent required by law)
Labor processes
Union agreements
Government or administrative agencies
Acquired company
We may use your personal information for the purposes described in “What Information We Collect About You & Why We Use It” section of this notice.
Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose to Third Parties
The categories of personal information listed above may be disclosed for a business purpose to the categories of third parties listed above in the section titled “Who We Share Your Information With & Why”.
Retention
We retain your personal information as described in “Retaining Your Information” section of this notice.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND HOW TO EXERCISE THEM
If you are a resident of California, you have certain rights regarding your personal information, which include:
Right to Know
. You have the right to submit a verifiable request for specific pieces of your personal information we obtained from you.  In addition, you have the right to know the categories of personal information collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom your personal information is disclosed, and the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Delete
. You have the right to submit a verifiable request for the deletion of personal information you have provided to us.
Right to Correct
. You have the right to submit a verifiable request for the correction of inaccurate personal information maintained by us, considering the nature of the personal information and the purposes of processing the personal information.
Non-discrimination
. We will not unlawfully discriminate or retaliate against you for exercising your rights described above.
Sensitive Personal Information
. We use sensitive personal information as necessary for the direct purposes relating to your employment or other service relationship, as applicable. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for purposes of inferring characteristics about individuals.
Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
. We do not sell your personal information nor disclose your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising.
Deidentified Information
. To the extent we process deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
How to Exercise Your Rights
. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise any of the above rights by visiting our
Data Privacy Webform
and completing the form relevant to your request or by calling us at +1-800-223-2336. If you are currently a member of our workforce with access to Simon & Schuster corporate applications, you may have self-service tools available to you to exercise any of the above rights. If you have questions about exercising any of the above rights, you may contact us at
PrivacyAdministrator@simonandschuster.com
.
How We Will Verify Your Request
. We may require additional information to verify your identity or to verify that your authorized agent has the authority to make the request on your behalf.  The verification process may differ depending on the nature and type of request that is submitted. If we cannot verify your identity or your authorized agent’s authority to a sufficient level of certainty to respond to your request, we will let you know promptly and explain why we cannot complete your request.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR WORKERS LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
If you are located outside the US, including in the
United Kingdom (the UK)
, the following additional information applies to you, except as otherwise noted in the
INTERNATIONAL SUPPLEMENTS
.
Who is the Data Controller of Your Personal Data
The entity set out in the International Supplement for your jurisdiction will be a data controller of your personal data (as defined under applicable law). In many cases our US and UK entities will also be data controllers of your personal data, as well as other Simon & Schuster entities with whom your personal data is shared from time to time, and as set out in this notice.
Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
Under applicable data protection law, there are various grounds on which we can rely when processing your personal data.  In some contexts, more than one ground applies.  The grounds for processing are as follows:
Contract
: this is processing necessary for performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request to enter a contract. This covers carrying out our contractual duties and exercising our contractual rights.
Legal Obligation
: this is processing necessary to comply with our legal obligations. The processing is necessary for ensuring we perform our legal and regulatory obligations.  For example, providing a safe place of work, complying with health and safety laws, or avoiding unlawful discrimination.
Legitimate Interest
: this is processing necessary for our or a third party’s legitimate interests. We or a third party have legitimate interests in carrying on, managing, and administering our respective businesses effectively and properly and in connection with those interests processing your data.  Where we rely on legitimate interests, we consider:
what our legitimate interest is – these are set out in the table below;
whether the processing is necessary to achieve it (i.e., whether it is proportionate); and
whether it can be balanced against individuals’ interests, rights, and freedoms (via the protections described in this notice).
Where this test is not met, we do not rely on legitimate interest. This notice serves as a record of our legitimate interest assessment.
Consent
: this is where you have given specific consent to processing your personal data. In the UK, processing of your data in connection with employment is generally not conditional on your consent.  But there may be occasions where we do specific things for which we require your consent. In certain jurisdictions we will ask for consent as the basis for processing certain of your personal data.
Additional legal bases may apply in your jurisdiction.
Processing Special Personal Data
Where necessary in your jurisdiction, if we process special personal data about you (for example, storing your health records to assist us in ensuring that we provide you with a healthy and safe workplace, or processing personal data relating to diversity monitoring) we will also make sure that one or more of the grounds for processing special personal data applies. Personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, health, sexual orientation, sex life, trade union membership and genetic and biometric data are subject to special protection and considered by certain privacy law, including UK privacy law, to be “special” or “sensitive” personal data. Data relating to criminal records or offences is treated in a similar way and, for purposes of this notice, included in this definition.  In some jurisdictions a different term may be used to describe data warranting special protection. However, the remainder of this notice uses the term “special” personal data for ease.
In outline, these additional grounds for processing include:
Processing being necessary for the purposes of your or our obligations and rights in relation to employment in so far as it is authorised by law or collective agreement;
Processing relating to personal data about you that you have made public;
Processing being necessary for the purpose of establishing, making or defending legal claims;
Processing being necessary for provision of health care or treatment, medical diagnosis, and assessment of your working capacity; and
Processing based on us having received your explicit consent (although please note as set out above that, in general, processing of your personal data in connection with employment is not conditional on your consent in the UK).
Further Information on the Personal Data We Process and Our Purposes
Examples of the personal data and the grounds on which we process your personal data are described in the table below. Although these examples represent a comprehensive description of the processing we engage in, this list is not exhaustive.
Purpose
Examples of personal data that may be processed
Grounds for processing
Recruitment
Standard personal data related to your identity (e.g. your name, address, email address, ID information and documents, telephone numbers, place of birth, nationality, contact details, professional experience and education (including university degrees, academic records, professional licenses, memberships and certifications, awards and achievements, and current and previous employment details), financial information (including current salary information, provided permitted by applicable law), language skills, and any other personal data that you present us with as part of your application related to the fulfilment of the role.  We may also collect and process information concerning your application and our assessment of it including any background checks we may make to verify information provided and any information connected with your right to work. This may include as necessary for your role (and subject to legislation in your jurisdiction) checks verifying your job history, qualifications and previous renumeration as well as credit, criminal record, social media and adverse media checks.  Such data processing will be subject to applicable local law.     If necessary, we will also process information concerning your health, any disability and any proposed adjustments to the recruitment process or working arrangements.
Contract
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: recruitment and the fair promotion of our employees
Your employment contract including entering it, performing it and changing it
Information on your terms of employment including your hours and working patterns, your pay and benefits such as your participation in pension arrangements, any life and medical insurance, and any bonus or share schemes.
Contract
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: to have an accurate record of your employment contract for its performance and variation
Contacting you and/or others on your behalf
Your address, email address and phone number, emergency contact information and information on your next of kin.
Contract
Legitimate interest: the ability to contact you, and others on your behalf in an emergency
Payroll & benefits administration
Information on your bank account, pension contributions (if relevant) and on tax and social insurance, including tax contribution rate; your social insurance number or other government issued identifier; information on attendance, holiday and other leave and sickness absence; name and date of birth for compliance check purposes.
Contract
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: the ability to carry out payroll, general HR and business administration in an efficient manner, and to plan around your absence where necessary
Financial planning and budgeting
Information such as your salary and (if applicable) bonus levels.
Legitimate interest: the ability to carry out effective financial planning and budgeting for our business
Supporting and managing your work and performance and any health concerns
Information connected with your work, anything you do at work and your performance including records of documents and emails created by or relating to you and information on your use of our systems including computers, laptops or other devices (and any related monitoring will always be undertaken in a proportionate and as minimally invasive manner as possible); performance management information regarding you, including notes of meetings and appraisal records, and information you or our managers enter onto our training or appraisal platforms; information relating to your compliance with company policies; information concerning disciplinary allegations, investigations and processes and relating to grievances or complaints in which you are or may be directly or indirectly involved; information concerning your health, including medical or doctors’ notes, return to work plans, and medical and occupational health reports.
Contract
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: the ability to support our workforce and help career development, ensure compliance with our policies, and the investigation of grievances or disciplinary concerns where this becomes necessary.
Meeting our duty of care and health and safety responsibilities in relation to Covid-19 (or similar health pandemic)
We have a duty of care to ensure a safe place of work, as well as a duty of care to employees. For this reason, where reasonable and necessary, we may do one or more of the following in relation to Covid-19 (or similar health pandemic):
request information about whether you have had symptoms of the virus, close contact with confirmed cases or travelled to high risk areas, whether you would be considered clinically vulnerable or clinically extremely vulnerable, and whether you have been vaccinated;
conduct temperature checks before allowing entrance to our premises; and
ask you to be PCR or Antibody tested before allowing entrance to our premises.   Such data processing will be subject to applicable local law.
Consent
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: to ensure a safe place of work and the safety of our employees
Changing or ending your working arrangements
Information connected with anything that may affect your continuing employment or the terms on which you work including any proposal to promote you, to change your pay or benefits, to change your working arrangements or to end your employment.
Contract
Legitimate interest: the ability to change or end your working arrangements "
Physical and worksite security
CCTV images; in limited cases, output of facial recognition technology or fingerprint identification for entry; records of use of swipe and similar entry cards.   In exceptional circumstances, we may monitor covertly (i.e., without notice) for other purposes.  This will normally only be in circumstances where we reasonably believe covert monitoring is necessary for the detection of criminal or other sufficiently serious activity and which is consistent with the monitoring described in any existing privacy impact assessment. In the event covert monitoring beyond the scope of our privacy impact assessment is required, we will normally conduct an additional assessment. In addition, prior authorisation will normally be sought from the Privacy Office.  Such monitoring will be subject to applicable local law.
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: the ability to keep our locations secure, and provide a safe environment for our personnel; pursuant to any potential disciplinary actions or grievances, or any potential legal and/or insurance claims
Monitoring use of our IT systems
We may monitor and log access to our IT systems including computers, phones and other devices and passwords.  We may also monitor, access, examine, capture or otherwise intercept (by human or automated means where permitted by applicable law) communications or personal data transmitted through our systems. This may take place for several reasons, including to:
maintain the security of our systems;
identify and deter system security threats;
protect personal data;
locate deleted messages or messages lost due to system failure;
manage and redistribute the work on an absent employee as needed.
In exceptional circumstances, we may monitor covertly (i.e., without notice) for other purposes.  This will normally only be in circumstances where we reasonably believe covert monitoring is necessary for the detection of criminal or other sufficiently serious activity and which is consistent with the monitoring described in any existing privacy impact assessment. In the event covert monitoring beyond the scope of our privacy impact assessment is required, we will normally conduct an additional assessment. In addition, prior authorization will normally be sought from the Privacy Office.  Such monitoring will be subject to applicable local law.
Legitimate interest: to maintain the security and integrity of our systems, enable work continuity, and to monitor compliance with our policies
Assisting you with remote work, and improving efficiency of IT, business systems and device use
This includes records of your use of IT and business systems and company devices; live and/or recorded video or photographic images of you or your voice; details about participations in and use of video conferencing tools.   We will where necessary and as set out in this notice also contract with third parties so you can use third party applications on your company devices which may assist with your work (for example an application allowing ‘one-click’ dial in to conference calls or applications for video conferencing). Such applications will process your personal data. The third-party privacy notices will make clear precisely what information will be collected.   We may be provided with information on the usage of such applications, for example for the purpose of troubleshooting or assessing overall usage and whether to continue to provide them. For example, we may collect information on the number of minutes and amount of personal data used on company mobile phones to ensure employees are on the most cost-effective tariff for their usage.  We may also process your personal address and/or personal contact information to facilitate delivery of work-related items to your residence.
Legitimate interest: to facilitate effective home and remote working; to ensure and improve efficiency of IT, business systems and device use
Providing references in connection with your finding new employment
Information on your working for us and on your performance.
Consent
Legitimate interest: to provide references where requested.
Monitoring of diversity and equal opportunities
Information on your nationality, racial and ethnic origin, gender, sexual orientation, religion, disability and age as part of diversity monitoring initiatives, including by way of employee engagement surveys. Such personal data will, where possible, be aggregated and used for equality of opportunity monitoring purposes. Please note we may share aggregated and anonymised diversity statistics with regulators if formally required / requested.   Such monitoring will be subject to applicable local law.  More information would typically be provided at the start of the diversity monitoring exercise in question.
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: to promote diversity and inclusion
Monitoring and investigating suspicions of misconduct, compliance with policies and rules – both generally and specifically – but always in a proportionate and as minimally invasive manner as possible
We expect our employees and workers to comply with our policies and rules and may monitor our systems to check compliance (e.g., rules on accessing pornography at work).  We will where necessary and as set out in this notice check system and other personal data to investigate those concerns (e.g. log-in records, records of usage and emails and documents, CCTV images).  In appropriate cases, if we have suspicions of serious wrongdoing, we may make targeted records (e.g., video or sound) in connection with an investigation.   In exceptional circumstances, we may monitor covertly (i.e., without notice) for other purposes.  This will normally only be in circumstances where we reasonably believe covert monitoring is necessary for the detection of criminal or other sufficiently serious activity and which is consistent with the monitoring described in any existing privacy impact assessment. In the event covert monitoring beyond the scope of our privacy impact assessment is required, we will normally conduct an additional assessment. In addition, prior authorisation will normally be sought from the Privacy Office.  Such monitoring will be subject to applicable local law.
Legitimate interest: to ensure that our employees comply with our policies and rules
Disputes and legal proceedings
Any information relevant or potentially relevant to a potential or actual dispute or legal proceeding affecting us
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: the ability to respond to and defend against legal claims
Legal, regulatory and compliance purposes
Information we process for legal or regulatory purposes (including upholding your data rights under privacy legislation).
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: the ability to comply with relevant law and regulatory guidance
Trade union check off arrangements and Works Council administration
Where applicable, details of trade union membership and deductions of contributions made at source; information relating to Works Council (or similar body) participation, including any communication you send to us if acting for the Works Council (if applicable).
Contract
Legal Obligation
Day to day business operations including marketing and customer/client relations and travel on our behalf
Information relating to the work you do for us, your role and contact details including relations with current or potential customers or clients.  This may include a picture of you for internal or external use; information regarding your travel arrangements and location.
Legitimate interests: to allow the effective operation of day to day business, marketing and investor relations and travel
Maintaining appropriate business records during and after your employment
Information relating to your work, anything you do at work and your performance relevant to such records.
Contract
Legal obligation
Legitimate interest: to maintain appropriate business records during and after your employment
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE THE GROUP COMPANIES
We will only disclose your personal data outside our group companies if disclosure is consistent with a ground for processing on which we rely and doing so is lawful and fair to you.
We will disclose your personal data if it is necessary for our legitimate interests as an organization or the interests of a third party (but we will not do this if these interests are over-ridden by your interests and rights in particular to privacy).  We may will also disclose your personal data if you consent, where we are required to do so by law and in connection with criminal or regulatory investigations.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER RIGHTS
You may have certain rights regarding your personal data, which may include:
The right to request access to and/or a copy of the personal data we hold about you, including details as to how we process this personal data;
The right to object to or restrict our processing of your personal data;
The right to request that your personal data be erased from further use;
The right to correct, amend, or update personal data you have given us (in some instances, such as on our internal employee portals, you can also do this by logging in and updating your personal data);
The right of portability, which allows you to request that we share your personal data with others;
The right not to be subject to automated decision making, i.e. a decision made solely by automated processing; and
If we have relied on consent as a ground for processing, the right to withdraw consent at any time – though if you do so that will not affect the lawfulness of what we have done before you withdraw consent. If you withdraw your consent, we will provide you with an assessment of how such withdrawal will impact our ability to reasonably support your employment.
To make a request, complete the relevant form on our
Data Privacy Webform
. If you are currently a member of our workforce with access to Simon & Schuster corporate applications, you may have the ability to use self-service tools in those applications to exercise some of your privacy rights when available in your jurisdiction. The regulator in your jurisdiction may have produced forms to assist you in making a request – where this is the case you can attach these to your request.   We may require you to provide information from which we can confirm your identity. Please note that, while we will carefully assess every request we receive, your rights may differ according to your place of residence and we may not always be required to comply. If we do not comply with your request, we will explain why.
If you have any unresolved privacy concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily after contacting us, you may have the right to contact your local data protection authority.
JOURNALISTIC EXEMPTION (IN RELATION TO LITERARY EXPRESSION)
Please note that as a result of the nature of the work that you do for us), on some occasions Simon & Schuster and our group companies or third parties will rely on exemptions to data protection rules in relation to journalistic freedom, the right to artistic expression or more generally, the right to freedom of expression (as mentioned in Article 85 of the General Data Protection Regulation and in various jurisdictions’ data protection rules). This can mean that certain parts of the GDPR (including data subjects’ rights) do not apply.  We will rely on similar provisions where applicable in other jurisdictions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
In connection with our business and for employment, administrative, management and legal purposes, we will where necessary transfer your personal data across country borders in accordance with applicable law. Such transfers include to members of our group of companies and third-party service providers, including in the US and in other jurisdictions in which we are established. For example, some of the systems that we use in connection with our business and your employment (such as our HR Information system) are hosted in the US.  We will ensure that any transfer is lawful, including putting in place legal safeguards and ensuring that there are appropriate security arrangements. More specifically, (i) for transfers outside the UK, this includes entering into the relevant official UK Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers to third countries with Simon & Schuster group entities and third parties located outside the UK and, where necessary, implementing further measures to ensure the information is subject to equivalent local protection and (ii) for transfers outside of certain other jurisdictions, where required by applicable law, we apply the substantive requirements of the official UK Standard Contractual Clauses.
If you want further details of any of these safeguards or agreements, please contact us at the email address listed in the “Contact Us” section.
Australia
If you are employed, engaged, or reside in Australia or are in Australia when your personal data is collected by us, or, regardless of your location, and if your personal data is collected by any of the local Data Controllers listed below, the following additional information applies.
The local regulator is the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
The local Data Controllers are the entities listed below and their affiliates:
Address:
Simon & Schuster (Australia) Pty Limited
Level 4, 32 York Street, Sydney, NSW 2000
Hub Collins Street, Level 3, 162 Collins Street, Melbourne VIC 3000
Special personal data
Not all of the grounds for processing special personal data described in the section of this Notice entitled “PROCESSING SPECIAL PERSONAL DATA” apply to your special personal data. As such, we will only process your special personal data as permitted by law, for example where we have received your consent to do so or the collection is required by law.
Journalistic exemption
The section “Journalistic exemption” does not apply.
Complaints
If we receive a complaint from you in relation to our processing of your personal data, we will investigate the complaint and determine whether a breach of this Notice or the Privacy Act has occurred and what action, if any, to take. Simon & Schuster will take any privacy complaint seriously and will aim to resolve any such complaint in a timely and efficient manner, and our target response time is one month unless your query is complex. Simon & Schuster expects our procedures will deal fairly and promptly with your complaint. However, if you remain dissatisfied, you can also make a formal complaint with the OAIC:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
1300 363 992
Director of Compliance
Office of the Australian
Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 2001
www.oaic.gov.au
Complaints to the OAIC must be made in writing.
Canada
If you are employed, engaged, or reside in Canada, the following additional information applies.
The statutory regulator in British Columbia is the Information and Privacy Commissioner.
The local Data Controllers are the entities listed below and their affiliates:
Address:
Simon & Schuster Canada ULC
166 King Street E, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5A 4S4
In addition:
If you send us a request (to the email address provided in this Notice) to access or correct your personal data, we will contact you within 30 days (although it may take us longer to fully respond to your request).
India
If you are employed, engaged, or reside in India, the following additional information applies.
The local Data Controllers are the entities listed below and their affiliates:
Address:
Simon & Schuster Publishers India Private Limited
163, 6th Floor, Tower A
The Corenthum
A-41, Sector-62
Noida – 201301 INDIA
We make reasonable efforts to notify you of the purposes for which personal information will be used or disclosed and if the initial purpose changes. Residents of India have additional rights with respect to certain categories of personal information defined under Indian law as “sensitive personal information”, including information relating to passwords; financial information (such as debit or credit card numbers); physical, physiological or mental health condition; sexual orientation; medical history and records; and biometric information. To the extent we may collect any such information from you, you may withdraw consent at any time (subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice). Subject to certain limits set out in the applicable laws, Indian residents also have the right to review the personal information that we collect and to update or correct personal information if it is inaccurate.
If you are an Indian resident and would like to submit a request to review or correct your personal information, or to withdraw consent to the processing of your sensitive personal information, or to make a complaint about our processing of your sensitive personal information, you must submit your request to our Grievance Officer by emailing
Roxanne.Miller@simonandschuster.com
.
United Kingdom
If you are employed, engaged, or reside in the United Kingdom, the following additional information applies.
The local regulator is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).  You have the right to seek information and assistance or lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the ICO here:
https://ico.org.uk/
The local Data Controllers are the entities listed below and their affiliates:
Address:
Simon & Schuster (UK) Limited
1st Floor
222 Gray's Inn Road
London WC1X8HB
United Kingdom
In addition:
When processing special personal data for diversity and inclusion purposes we will typically rely on Schedule 1(8) Data Protection Act 2018 as the legal basis for processing, rather than consent. However, in practice this sort of processing would normally still be voluntary. This Notice, along with other related Simon & Schuster policies and/or protocols, shall form Simon & Schuster's policy for processing special personal data as required by the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (Schedule 1 Part IV).
Additional Information if You Are Located in Countries Outside the US, UK, Canada, Australia, or India
In certain jurisdictions with relevant data protection laws, including (without limitation) the Philippines, we may require your consent or authorization to use or share your personal information for the purposes described in this Workplace Privacy Notice. By providing your personal information to us, you expressly provide such consent or authorization to the extent it is required. In addition, you may have additional privacy rights under the law of your country of residence, typically including the rights to access, correct, delete, object to further processing of your Personal Data, and lodging a complaint. We handle requests to exercise such rights similarly to requests from EU residents under the EU GDPR, as described above.
For the purposes of this Notice, “Simon & Schuster”, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to (i) for U.S. based employees, Simon & Schuster, and/or, (iii) for employees based outside the U.S., the local Data Controller(s) set out in the International Supplements, and other group companies with whom the data is shared (as outlined in this Notice).
Thank you for signing up, fellow book lover!
Tell us what you like and we'll recommend books you'll love.
African American
Asian American
Audiobooks
Book Club
Biography & Autobiography
Business & Personal Finance
Children Ages 0-6
Children Ages 7-12
Christian
Cooking
Dystopian
eBooks
Entertainment & Pop Culture
Fantasy
Fiction
Graphic Novels
Historical Fiction
History
Horror
Indigenous/Native American
Latinx/Hispanic
Mystery
Politics
Romance
Science Fiction
Self-help
Sports
Teen
Thriller & Suspense
Your Lifestyle Digest
Spanish Language Books/Libros en Español
See More Categories
Your First Name
Birth Month
Select Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Zip Code
State
Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Thank you!
Your registration is complete.
Close