Privacy Policy
Thank you for downloading Chet. Chet is owned by Ensemble Education Inc., a Delaware corporation.
We respect your privacy and have established this policy so that you can understand how your information
                is used.
By downloading and using Chet, you hereby agree to this privacy policy which was last updated on July
                22, 2019. This policy may be updated from time to time without further notice.
What personal information we collect
Given our commitment to privacy, Ensemble Education does not collect your personal information except as
                explained below. We do not provide your information to third parties other than those we hire to help us
                further monitor, update and upgrade Chet. They are provided your information solely for the purpose of
                further improving Chet and are also subject to a duty of confidentiality. Other than that, we will not
                disclose any of this data we collect absent court order, subpoena or lawful request from the
                authorities.
Requesting data deletion
If you would like to delete your account and/or all of your account data, please
                email us at
support+chet@ensemble-education.com
.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
In addition to the information you provide directly to us, we do automatically monitor certain
                information regarding your usage of Chet. Unlike many apps, however, we do not access your personal
                information on your phone such as contacts, phone numbers or messages. Rather, our data collection is
                limited to your actions and activities within the Chet app such as your exercise data. Chet utilizes
                your phone to access its network and to transmit your exercise data for storage by us on the cloud and
                we may also save your exercise data on your device. We also collect geographic data in an aggregated and
                non-personally identifiable fashion, so we know where our users are located.
While we do not share your information publicly, by participating in some of our exercises, you may
                elect to share your username and score or other exercise data with other users.
The information you provide to us or as a result of your use of Chet may be collected in your country and
                transferred to our headquarters in the United States. For transfers outside of the European Economic
                Area, we have contracted with service providers who have stated that they will comply with the
                requirements of the European Commission.
Chet is not intended for use by children under the age of 13 and we do not collect any data on data on
                users under 13. If you believe we have mistakenly collected such data without parental consent, please
                contact us at
support+chet@ensemble-education.com
. and we will immediately delete it.
While we make every effort to protect your personal information, we are unable to guarantee its absolute
                security. We hereby disclaim any liability for any damages or misuse of that data collected in
                accordance with this policy.
Privacy Questions
Finally, if you have any questions about our privacy policy, or are a California resident and wish to
                request information which you are entitled to obtain by statute such as on third party marketing, please
                email us at
support+chet@ensemble-education.com
.