Privacy Policy
What does it mean?
Our customers privacy rights are very important for us. We are fully committed to comply with the Data Protection Act. 1998, and the general Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our
sites
ie websites (camile.ie and camile.co.uk), as well as those who order with us in restaurant or over the phone.
It is important to read this privacy policy before starting any interaction with our platforms, as this policy will apply to your use of our sites and services.
Anytime you are accessing, browsing and using our sites, applications and services, you confirm that you accept this privacy policy, if you do not want your data to be used as set out in this privacy policy, you should not use our sites or services.
By using Sites and making any orders, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy and our
Terms and Conditions
and
Cookie Policy
.
Who are we?
The data controller of our sites and services is Camile Thai Kitchen ltd
we, us,
or
our
of Unit 9 Northern Cross Business Park D11P661 Ireland. Any queries regarding how we treat personal data should be directed to data@camile.ie .
Camile is a partially franchised business with a mix of company owned and franchised restaurants. Our franchisees
Franchisee
, together
Franchisees
. When we reference
we, us,
or
our
we are not referring to franchisees and this policy does not apply or cover the policies of our franchisees.
Each franchisee is responsible for its own legal and regulatory compliance. If you would like to review the privacy policy and practices of any of our franchisees please contact the relevant franchisee restaurant directly.
Information collection and use
While using our sites or services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Cookies may collect your IP address, browser type and version and anonymous information, any time you are using our sites. We collect this information to help us understand how to improve our services and our site and to ensure that the content on our site is presented to you in a clear way. We have a legitimate and genuine business interest for this processing; to ensure that our site and services are operating efficiently and seamlessly, so we can provide you with great service. All the personal information such as your name, address, telephone number and email address as provided by you when you register to Camile on our site or if you place an order with us, is collected for the following reasons:
When you place an order through our sites we want to perform your order properly. To provide the best service, we collect your information after you have placed an order with us, and we use this information to process your order. Furthermore, we engage third party processors to process the payment of your order online. We collect this information to fulfil an order with you and, if you fail to give us the information that we request, then you may not be able to place an order via our sites or restaurants. We store your data name, email, phone number and address for 3 years, however if you have not placed an order for 12 months we will automatically anonymise your data.
For product development (for example, call backs for feedback on new products), for statistical, market research, testing and survey purposes, to notify you about changes to our sites or our services. To improve our marketing at any time, we have a legitimate interest to collect this information.
Direct marketing
When you place an order on our sites or through our restaurants, we will send you occasional direct marketing via email and direct mail about similar products and services. We have a legitimate interest in sending you this marketing; to promote our products and services and make sure you aware of the best offers and deals available.
All customers are free to unsubscribe from direct marketing at any time.
If you haven’t placed an order in 13 months we will automatically opt you out of marketing communications.
Log data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Sites (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Sites that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and others statistics.
Geolocation Information
The Camile app collects either precise or approximate location information from the user's mobile device, if the user grants permission through their device settings. This information is used to determine the closest restaurant to the user's location for food ordering purposes. The user can change the location permission at any time in their mobile device settings.
Who do we share your information with?
All your information we collect (please see “Information Collection and Use” above for further information), may be shared within the Camile Group or with direct marketing companies (such as Google and Facebook), all of them will only be permitted to use your personal information in strictly accordance with our instructions and not for any other purpose. We do not sell your personal data to any third-party organisations or companies for commercial use.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, but unfortunately no method of transmission via the internet or methods of electronic storage is completely secure. We strive to use commercially acceptable security solutions and we will do our best to protect your personal data. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of any data transmitted to our sites and any transmission is at your own risk. All information you share with us, is saved on secure servers.
Passwords
You are required to create a password, when you register an account with us to place an order. By creating a secure password, you are choosing to keep all of your information safe.
This password should be kept secret, to avoid others using it, this means you should never write your password down or share it with anyone, including your close family. You will never be asked by us for any secret personal information you have given online.
Furthermore, each Franchisee (where the restaurant is not company owned) is independently responsible for its own legal and regulatory compliance and for the operation of its own Camile Thai restaurant and all compliance arising from any transactions with you, any dishes ordered by you from our sites and any products ordered from our restaurants.
Your data protection rights
You have the right to request confirmation of Camile processes of personal data relating to you and if so, to request a copy of that personal data and to transit it to another data controller.
To make a subject access request or any other requests, for example if you think any information we have about you is incorrect, please do not hesitate to contact via email:
data@camile.ie
.
Links to other websites
The services may be linked to other websites (for example secure payments sites) which are not within our control. If any linked website is not owned or controlled by us, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide.
Changes to this privacy policy
Camile Thai Kitchen Ltd may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on our sites. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at:
data@camile.ie
We value your privacy
By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
See our cookie policy
See our privacy policy
Manage cookies
Reject all
Accept all cookies
Privacy preference center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. 

Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow all
Manage consent preferences
Always active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label