HOME
EXPLORE
FIND FRIENDS
PEOPLE MAP
MATCH
CHANNELS
Social Media
Startups
News
Funny
Entertainment
Sports
Technology
Programming
Gaming
Travel
Celebrity Snapchat
Blog
Badges
About
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Download Dizkover app
Copyright © 2025 Dizkover Media, LLC
All rights reserved.
Dizkover is not affiliated with Snapchat, Kik, Skype, or any other services platform linked on this website.
Dizkover
Sign in
Privacy Policy
The Dizkover Privacy Policy was updated on May 24, 2018.
Dizkover does not sell your information and protected under the new GDPR Policy.
Welcome to Dizkover.com and/or Dizkover Mobile App (collectively "Dizkover")
We understand that privacy is important to our users.
This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of Dizkover ("Users") who visit without
transacting business and Users who register to transact business on Dizkover and make use of the various services offered by Dizkover (collectively, "Services") ("Authorized Customers").
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person.
Certain areas of our services requires you to provide personal information to make it functional. 
Dizkover may use this information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.
When you register, we collect and store the following information:
Email
IP Address
We store the following information you provide.
Profile Photo
Gender
Sexual Orientation
You interests in hashtag format.
Geo Location Information from browser or from the app (with your permission).
If you use Match feature, we store the following optional information you provide.
Profile Photo
Birthday
Gender
Sexual Orientation
Ethnicity
Relationship Status
Geo Location Information from browser or from the app (with your permission).
Information Related to Your Web Browser
We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when you interact with the Services, 
such as your browser type and version, what sort of device you are using, your operating system and version, your language preference, the website or 
service that referred you to the Services, the date and time of each request you make to the Services, your screen display information, and information 
from any cookies we have placed on your web browser (as described below). We also sometimes detect whether you are using certain web browser extensions 
and store that information in a manner associated with your Account. We use web browser-related information to enhance and improve the Services.
Location Information
In some cases we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP Address into a rough geolocation.
 We may also ask you to provide information about your location, for example to use your geolocation information from your mobile device to geotag a post. 
 We may use location information to improve and personalize the Services for you, for example by showing you relevant local content.
How Dizkover Use Personally Identifiable Information?
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize Dizkover, to make appropriate service offerings. 
We may email Users about research related to the subject matter of Dizkover. 
We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Users in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Dizkover.com and Dizkover Mobile App is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of Dizkover.com  except for use as indicated above.
What Choices Are Available Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of the Information?
Users and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by clicking the "My Settings" link on the user menu.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Users and the services they select. 
We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes,
 we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.
How Does Dizkover Use Login Information?
Dizkover uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses to analyze trends, administer Dizkover, and gather broad demographic information.
What Partners or Service Providers Have Access to Personally Identifiable Information?
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order 
or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information 
when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Users and Authorized Customers.
How Dizkover Keep Personally Identifiable Information Secure?
All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Users and 
Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. 
We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected 
by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. 
While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic 
communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will 
not take place and we will not be liable to Users or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.
How Can Authorized Customers Correct Inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
Authorized Users should click the link "My Profile" and the main menu. For messaging app usernames, click the link "Edit Chat Profile".
What Happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Users and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, 
if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or 
Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.
Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Request access to your personal data
Request correction of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Request transfer of your personal data
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact our customer service.
No Fee Usually Required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). 
However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. 
Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What We May Need From You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data 
(or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person 
who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time Limit To Respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if 
your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
How To Reach Us?
You can message us on Twitter by going to this link https://twitter.com/Dizkover.
Links:
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. 
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
✕
Top
Latest
Channels
People
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are accepting our
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Accept and Continue