Privacy Policy |
Aladin Interactive
Aladin Interactive
Inc, ("Aladin" or "we") is dedicated to protecting the
privacy rights of our online users ("users" or "you").
Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to only information
collected from Aladin Interactive through use of the Service.This Online
Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") has been crafted to inform you as
to the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information you provide in
connection with any Aladin Interactive game or application
("Service").
We may amend the Privacy Policy once in a while,
and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly.By using the
Service, you are agreeing to the collection and use of your personal
information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Information
Collected and Used
When you install
any of the Aladin Interactive games or applications, we may collect and record
the information you provide us voluntarily through
www.facebook.com
("Facebook") in
accordance with the policies and terms of Facebook. Aladin Interactive's
primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the
Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.
The types of personal information collected in
accordance with the activities listed above may vary depending on the activity.
This "personal information" is defined as information about you that
can be used to contact or identify you. Personal information may include: (i).
your name, (ii).Facebook user identification number, (iii). or email address.
Additionally, we may acquire information from you through:
(i) your access and participation in message
boards on the Service (ii) your email of a question to our customer support or
(iii) your purchase of a virtual product of any type.
Please note that because a third party site
manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, we do not have
access to your credit card details and billing information. Aladin Interactive
may also invite you to share non-personal information about yourself which may
include but is not limited to:
(i) your age or date of birth;
(ii) your gender;
(iii) information about the hardware you may own;
(iv) your favorite websites, friend information
and fan pages (collectively referred to as "non-personal
information").
If non-personal information is collected for an
activity that also requires personal information, Aladin Interactive may
combine your non-personal information with your personal information in an
attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the quality
and value of the Services and to analyze how our Service is used.The Service
will also record game play information such as your high scores or game session
duration.
Any action you perform with other players are
considered public, and are your sole discretion.In addition to information
collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information
about yourself throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards.
At last, We use this information to better tailor
the Service to your interests, to provide you more efficient customer support,
and to overall enhance the Service.any time you access the Service, we may
collect aggregate information including but not limited to internet protocol
addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs,
platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and
the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the
date and time of this activity. In all cases of data access and collection, the
information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or
otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties and will be
used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Service.
Other Disclosure
of Your Personal Information
Note that Aladin
Interactive is not required to question or contest the validity of any search
warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that Aladin Interactive
may receive.
You understand and agree that we may be required
to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the good
faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability,
to comply with legal process, including but not limited to a search warrant,
subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or
that of the public.
Additionally, in the event of a merger,
acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer
information may be transferred to Aladin Interactive's successor or assignee,
if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
Cookies
The Service sends
cookies to your computer when you access or view content of a Aladin
Interactive game. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your
computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to
"remember" things about the user's visit, such as your preferences or
a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to
your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our
service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service
easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be
able to access or use features of the Service.
Links
The fact that the
Service may contain links to other websites and links to a website or presents
a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Aladin
Interactive endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation
of our affiliation with that third party. Aladin Interactive is in no way
responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to which you chose
to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of
those websites when exiting the Service.
Changing or
Deleting Your Information
You may review,
update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable
information by changing the applicable information in your Facebook profile
page. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become
deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please
contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not
legally obligated to retain the record.
Security
We have put in
place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your
personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use,
alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third
parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal
information for improper purposes.Please note that email and messaging systems
are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal
information through these mediums.
Policy Regarding
Children
If we learn that a
child under 13 has provided us with personal information we will delete such
information from our files as quickly as possible. AS the Service is not geared
toward children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal
information from children under the age of 13.
Contacting Us
If you have any
questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices,
please send an e-mail to
privacy@Aladinfun.com