Sign Up
Log In
Feed
Discover
Shop
Challenges
Download on the
App Store
Get it on
Google Play
Home
|
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Kiwi Bear Inc ("Kiwi Bear Inc", "we", "our", or "us") provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive via our Shoplook.oo Service. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our ShopLook.io Terms of Service, accessible at
https://www.shoplook.io/terms
. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Service. Your use of the Service following any such notice will signify and constitute your assent to and acceptance of such revised Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means information that can be used to uniquely identify you, such as your name and e-mail address.
Personal Information We Collect
When you interact with us, we collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide. For example, when you create an account with us, update your account data on our Website, or otherwise use certain aspects of our Service, we may ask you to provide information such as your name, e-mail address, profile photo, and/or location (e.g., city and state).
We also collect Personal Information when you register to join the Service (or choose to refresh your account data) by logging into an account that you already have with a third party social networking platform ("SNP") via our Service. For example, our Service allows you to create an account and login to the Service using your Facebook account credentials through Facebook Connect. If you create a user account by logging into the SNP via the Service, you are using the Personal Information you have already provided to the SNP (such as your "real" name, e-mail address, and other information you make available via the SNP) to create your account on our Service. Accordingly, if you use Facebook Connect to join the Service, you are allowing us to access the Personal Information in your Facebook account pursuant to Facebook's terms and conditions governing your use of the Service via Facebook. The information we receive from an SNP may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNP, so please check the SNP's privacy and data practices.
Our Use of Your Personal Information
We mainly use your Personal Information, either alone or in combination with other information, so that we can provide, enhance and personalize our Service and related content, products, and marketing efforts.
The following are examples of a variety of ways that we may use your Personal Information. We may use your Personal Information:
to provide you with the best user experience possible;
to respond to your questions and comments;
to communicate with you regarding Service updates, offers, and promotions;
to help us develop, customize, deliver, support and improve our Service, content, and advertising;
to help authenticate any account you create with us;
to protect the rights or property of Kiwi Bear inc.  or our users, and prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities;
to help you find your friends (such as your Facebook friends) on the Service, and to help other users find you on the Service;
to protect the security of our Service and business;
for our internal purposes (such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our products, services, and communications); and
otherwise, as disclosed to you at the point of collection.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please contact us at
hi@shoplook.io
with your email address and a request to opt-out of email communication. Please note that we may use your Personal Information to contact you with important notifications, such as notices with respect to safety, or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies; you may not opt out of these notifications. Please also note that we may continue to use your Personal Information for statistical or other purposes as we see fit after you unsubscribe from any communications and/or terminate your use of the Service.
We may share your Personal Information (such as addresses, credit card information, and phone numbers) along with your other order information with merchants, payment processors, couriers, delivery personnel and other third party vendors to fulfill your orders on our Service and for analytics, and with merchants for their additional uses in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. When we share your address with merchants to fulfill your orders on our Service, we may use the address you provided as both your “shipping address” and “billing address” with applicable merchants in order to fulfill orders.
Public Forums
The Service has features that enable users to post Content publicly (including, without limitation, user comments, and the items in user Collections). The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personally identifiable information about any person) in connection with your use of these public forums. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by other persons, including third parties that do not adhere to the standards set forth in this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Service. You agree that we may use Personal Information and other information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum.
Collection and Use of Non-Identifying Information
We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose information in a form that does not personally identify you ("Non-Identifying Information") for any purpose. Non-Identifying Information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified; that is, information that has been rendered anonymous. We and/or our third party service providers obtain Non-Identifying Information about you from information that you provide us, either separately or together with your Personal Information. We and/or our third party service providers also automatically collect certain Non-Identifying Information from you when you access our Service.
Certain Non-Identifying Information about you would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers in a way that enables you to be identified. However, the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other Non-Identifying information. We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other users or sources to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of our products and services, and to analyze and understand how our products and services are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically. After you terminate your use of the Service, we may continue to use your Non-Identifying Information for statistical purposes or other purposes as we see fit. Please note, we cannot guarantee that Non-Identifying Information will not identify you as we cannot guarantee that others with access to Non-Identifying Information may not have knowledge sufficient to identify you.
Non-Identifying Information We Automatically Collect
We and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies, now and hereafter devised, that automatically record certain usage information. This information may include your Internet Protocol address (and other unique identifiers for the particular device you use to access the Internet), browser type, your web or application request, your interaction with our Service, your interaction with other websites and online services (e.g., purchases you make at websites linked from Content), the webpage or other feature you were using before you came to our Service, pages of our Website that you visit, information you search for via our Service, access times and dates, and other similar information. We use this information for a variety of purposes, including analyzing and enhancing our products and services, and to help personalize our Service for you. We do not treat this information as Personal Information (except to the extent required by local law), although if we combine it with the Personal Information you provide, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information. We and our third-party service providers may automatically collect Non-Identifying Information using various methods, including, without limitation, cookies and application identifiers.
A cookie is a small data file transferred to your computer when it is used to access our Service. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including to enable certain features of our Service, to better understand how you interact with our Service, to determine interest in particular Content, and to monitor aggregate usage by visitors and online traffic routing. You may be able to instruct your browser, by changing its option , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the online services you visi . If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of our online services or all functionality of our online services.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or with your consent, we will not share your Personal Information with other companies or individuals outside of Kiwi Bear Inc. Personal Information will only be shared by us to provide or improve our products, services, and advertising. Non-Identifying Information may be provided to third parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Our Service Providers and Other Third Parties
We may engage third party companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf (e.g., without limitation, software maintenance services, e-mail notifications, database management, web analytics and other services) or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties may have access to your Personal Information. If they do, this access is provided so that they may perform these tasks on our behalf and we ask these third parties not to otherwise use or disclose your Personal Information, except to the extent required by law.
Other Users of the Service
If you create an account through the Service and submit Personal Information to create a profile or Collection, other users of the Service will be able to see your name, user photo or user avatar, and location information (city and state). If you choose to provide additional Personal Information in your profile, other users of the Service will also be able to see such additional information. Providing additional Personal Information is voluntary, and we suggest that you guard and refrain from disclosing any information you consider sensitive and confidential.
Social Networking Platforms
We may share information in your Service account (including your Personal Information) with the SNPs that you have linked to your account. For example, if you link your Facebook account to our Service, then your recent activity on our Service (such as when you Like any Content you find on the Service) may be posted back to your Facebook account (subject to your Facebook Timeline integration settings).
Compliance with Laws, Legal Process and Authorities
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of us or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable.
Business Transfers
Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, we may sell, transfer or otherwise disclose some or all of our assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. It's our practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
General
Changing or Deleting Your Information
Kiwi Bear Inc.  makes good faith efforts to enable features on the Service that provide individuals with reasonable access to Personal Information that they have provided to Kiwi Bear Inc.  and the reasonable ability to review and correct it or ask for deletion, as applicable, if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. To view and change Personal Information in your user profile that you have provided to Kiwi Bear Inc.  via the Service, you can log in to your user account on the Website. For other deletion requests with respect to your Personal Information, please contact Kiwi Bear Inc.  in writing via e-mail to
hi@shoplook.io
and specify the data you wish to have removed from public display. Please note we may retain server/backup copies of all data, and that we may decline to process change or deletion requests that we deem to be unreasonable, or require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others.
Security
We employ appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. These security measures include administrative, technical, and physical precautions to safeguard your Personal Information against loss, theft, and misuse. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your Personal Information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information.
Third Party Products and Services
Our Service contains links to, and/or content from, third party websites and online services. The fact that we link to a website or display an advertisement or other third party content or product is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with any of those third parties, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
We do not exercise control over third party websites, products or services. Other websites, products and services may place their own cookies or other files on your computer and/or collect data or solicit Personal Information from you. In particular, some merchant partners may place a cookie or similar technology on your device when you click from a product on ShopLook to a merchant site.
Our Policy Toward Children
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 via our Service, and do not target our Service to children under 13. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. If you are the parent of a child under the age of 13 and have a concern regarding your child’s information on our site, please contact us at hi@shoplook.io.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will revise this Privacy Policy to reflect such changes and revise the effective date included at the end of this policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via mail at Kiwi Bear Inc. , 1010 16th street Unit 226 San Francisco, CA 94107, or via e-mail at Hi@shoplook.io
Last updated Nov 2, 2016