Privacy Policy
Customer Service
About Sephora
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated and effective date:
September 30, 2024
This privacy policy describes how Sephora USA, Inc. and Sephora Beauty Canada, Inc. (collectively, “Sephora”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collect, use, disclose, and protect our customers’ personal information. It also tells you about the rights and choices you have with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions. Please note, our privacy practices are subject to the applicable laws of the places in which we operate. You will see additional region-specific terms that only apply to customers located in those geographic regions, or as required by applicable laws.
You can click on the following links to go directly to the corresponding sections of this privacy policy.
1.
What Our Privacy Policy Covers
2.
What Personal Information We Collect
3.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
4.
Cookies and Similar Online Tracking Technologies
5.
How We Use Your Personal Information
6.
How We Disclose Your Personal Information
7.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
8.
Your Rights
9.
Transmission Of Information to Other Countries
10.
Children’s Privacy
11.
Communicating With Us
12.
Changes To This Policy
13.
Additional Information For California
14.
Notice of Financial Incentive/ Bona Fide Loyalty Program Disclosure
1. What Our Privacy Policy Covers
This privacy policy covers Sephora’s customer-facing operations in the United States and Canada and applies to the personal information Sephora obtains in various contexts, including from www.sephora.com, the Sephora mobile application, all other websites, mobile sites, services, applications, platforms and other tools where Sephora’s Terms of Use appear or are otherwise referenced, or for which no separate Terms of Use are provided as well as to your visits to or interaction with us in any of our stores or elsewhere (collectively, the “Sites”). You may be accessing our Sites from a computer or mobile phone device (through mobile website or mobile application), or any other applications or services that link to this privacy policy; visit us in our stores; communicate with us; shop with our third-party partners; engage with us on social media; or participate in any of our programs or events.
We may provide different or additional privacy notices in connection with certain activities, programs, and offerings. We may also provide additional “just-in-time” notices that may supplement or clarify our privacy practices or provide you with additional choices regarding your personal information.
Our Sites may include links to websites and/or applications operated and maintained by third parties. Please note that we have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of those third parties.
2. What Personal Information We Collect
The types of personal information we obtain about you depends on how you interact with us and our products and services. When we use the term “personal information,” we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes, or can be associated with you. The following are the categories and specific types of personal information that we collect:
Basic Identifying Information
Including your full name, alias, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, date of birth, account name, signature, username, social media handle, or other similar identifiers.
Government-Issued Identifiers
Including your driver’s license number or other similar government identifier.
Device Information and Other Unique Identifiers
Including device identifier, internet protocol (IP) address, cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifier, or similar unique identifiers.
Internet or Other Network Activity
Including browsing or search history and information regarding your interactions with our Sites, emails, or advertisements.
Geolocation Data
Including information that permits us to determine your location, such as if you manually provide location information or enable your mobile device to send us precise location information.
Payment Information
Including credit or debit card numbers.
Commercial Information
Including products or services you have purchased, returned, exchanged, or considered; preferences; and rewards activity related to Beauty Insider membership.
Physical Characteristics
Including skin tone and type, hair color and type, eye color, and other beauty profile information you provide.
Health and Medical Information
Including information you choose to provide regarding skin conditions or medications in connection with a beauty service, in-store digital experience, or product recommendation.
Demographic Data
Including age, gender, race, ethnicity, estimated income, and household information, some of which may include characteristics of protected classifications under U.S. state or federal law.
User Content
Including your communications with us and any other content you provide (such as social media profiles, photographs, images, videos, survey responses, comments, product reviews, testimonials, and other content).
Audio and Visual Information
Including photographs, images, videos, and recordings of your voice (such as when we record customer service calls for quality assurance).
Inferences
Inferences drawn from or created based on any of the information identified above.
Job Applicant Information
To review the Applicant Privacy Policy, please visit:
https://www.sephora.com/beauty/applicant-privacy-policy
Sensitive Personal Information
Sephora only collects sensitive personal information, as defined by applicable privacy laws, for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. Sephora does not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
3. How We Collect Your Personal Information
We collect personal information about you from various sources. For example, we collect and obtain information:
Directly from You
We collect personal information you provide, such as when you make a purchase; register for an account or create a profile; sign up for the Beauty Insider Program; contact us; respond to a survey; book a reservation; make an appointment for in-store or virtual services; RSVP for an event; interact with us in store (including in-store digital experiences); participate in a sweepstakes, contest, or other similar campaign or promotion; respond to a survey; apply for a job; or sign up to receive emails, text messages, and/or postal mailings.
Using Online Tracking Technologies and Other Automatic Data Collection Technologies
When you visit our Sites, open or click on emails we send you, or interact with our advertisements, we or third parties we work with automatically collect certain information using online tracking technologies such as pixels, web beacons, software developer kits, third-party libraries, and cookies. For more information, please see
“Cookies and Similar Online Tracking Technologies”
section below.
Through In-store and Other Offline Technologies
We record customer service calls and maintain a transcript of chats for quality assurance. We also use Closed Circuit Television or CCTV in our stores for safety, security, fraud, loss prevention, and operational purposes. In addition, some of our stores utilize technology that transmits a Bluetooth signal to and/or works with your mobile device running Sephora Mobile Apps (the “Beacon”). If you have enabled the Beacon on your mobile device, we collect Device Information and Other Unique Identifiers and Geolocation Data when you visit our stores.
From Our Business Partners
We obtain information from businesses that we have partnered with, such as Kohl’s, Instacart, and other partners we choose to collaborate or work with. For example, if you apply for or use a Beauty Insider membership at a Sephora at Kohl’s, based on your direction to intentionally disclose the information, we receive Basic Identifying Information and Commercial Information from Kohl’s to provide you with the benefits associated with the program. If you apply for and/or use a Sephora -branded credit card, based on your direction to intentionally disclose the information, we may receive Basic Identifying Information, Payment Information, Demographic Data, and Commercial Information from the credit card issuer. Additionally, if you have given Sephora permission to store your Payment Information, your credit card issuer may provide us with updated Payment Information (including credit card number and expiration date) in connection with the credit card issuer’s account updater service.
From Social Media Platforms and Networks
If you interact with us on social media or use features, such as plugins, widgets, or other tools made available by social media platforms or networks (including Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Google, YouTube, and Pinterest) in connection with our Sites, we collect information that you disclose to us, or that the social media platforms disclose to us. For more information about the privacy practices of those social media platforms, please review the privacy policies and settings of the social media platforms and networks that you use.
From Other Sources
For example, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as data analytics providers, marketing or advertising service providers, fraud prevention service providers, vendors that provide services on our behalf, or publicly available sources. We also create information based on our analysis of the information we have collected from you.
4. Cookies and Similar Online Tracking Technologies
We and our third–party partners and service providers (such as advertising networks, analytics providers and social media platforms and networks) use pixels, web beacons, software developer kits, third–party libraries, cookies, and other similar online tracking technologies (collectively, “online tracking technologies”) to gather information when you interact with our Sites, or email communications. Some online tracking technologies help us maintain the security of our websites and your account, prevent crashes, fix bugs, save your preferences, and assist with basic site functions.
We also permit third parties and service providers to use online tracking technologies on our Sites for analytics and advertising, including to help manage and display advertisements, to tailor advertisements to your interests, or to send abandoned shopping cart reminders (depending on your communication preferences). The third parties and service providers use their technology to provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests which may appear on our Sites, on other websites, or in our email communications
To the extent these online tracking technologies are deemed to be a “sale” / “sharing” (which includes targeted advertising, as defined under the applicable laws) under applicable U.S. state laws, you can opt-out of these online tracking technologies by submitting a request via Your Privacy Choices, which is available at the bottom of the Sephora website and under “Contact Us, FAQ, Legal” in Sephora mobile applications. Please note, some features of our websites may not be available to you as a result. For Google Analytics, at your end, you may exercise an opt out going to tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. You may adjust your Google advertising settings by visiting adssettings.google.com.
If you are located in Canada, we provide consent management tools that allow you to control the use of these online tracking technologies. For more information, see the
“Your Rights”
section below.
5. How We Use Your Personal Information
We collect and use personal information for various purposes, including:
Providing Products and Services
We use your personal information to provide products and services, such as to fulfill your orders and/or complete the transactions you request; to process your payments; to provide you receipts and order updates; to send notifications to you related to your account, purchases, returns, exchanges, subscriptions, and reservations; to create, maintain, and otherwise manage your account, profile, or program membership, including offering functionalities such as easy checkout and the ability to save user preferences and transaction history; and to provide a forum for discussion, asking questions, posting photos and reviews, and sharing experiences.
Depending on the products and/or services you request, the categories of information used for these purposes may include Basic Identifying Information, Payment Information, and Commercial Information. If you attempt a return, you may be asked to provide a Government-Issued Identifier. For certain services, such as online, Sephora Mobile App, in-store digital experiences, or consultations with a Beauty Advisor, you may choose to provide Physical Characteristics and/or Health and Medical Information (please note that Sephora does not store Health and Medical information).
Communicating With You
We use your personal information to communicate with you, such as to respond to and/or follow-up on your requests, inquiries, issues, or feedback, and to provide customer service.
Administering Sephora Programs
We use your personal information to administer our programs, such as the Beauty Insider Program, Sephora Community, #SephoraSquad Program, and the Sephora Credit Card Program, and to perform our contract to provide you with the benefits associated with those programs. This may include setting up and verifying your account, communicating with you regarding the program, evaluating your application, tracking the rewards/points you earn for purchasing products, and providing a forum for discussion, asking questions, posting photos and reviews, and sharing experiences.
Marketing and Promotional Purposes
We use personal information for marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send marketing, advertising, and promotional communications by email, text message, or postal mail (such as trend alerts, promotions, new product launches, and event invitations); to show you advertisements for products and/or services tailored to your interests on social media and other websites; and to administer our sweepstakes, contests, and other similar promotions.
Analytics and Personalization
We use personal information to conduct research and analytics, including to improve our services and product offerings; to understand how you interact with our Sites, advertisements, and communications with you; to determine which of our products or services are the most popular; to improve our Sites, and marketing campaigns; to personalize your experience; to save you time when you visit our Sites; to customize the marketing and advertising that we show you; to understand how you use our Sephora Mobile Apps; to create a more personalized experience for you when you visit our stores; to provide services; to better understand our customers’ needs; and to provide personalized recommendations about our products and services.
Security and Fraud Prevention
We use personal information to detect, investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, including fraudulent transactions; attempts to manipulate or violate our policies, procedures, and terms and conditions; security incidents; and harm to the rights, property, or safety of Sephora and our users, customers, employees, or others.
Legal Obligations
We use personal information to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to establish or exercise our rights, and to defend against a legal claim.
Core Business Functions
We use personal information to support core business functions, including to maintain records related to business process management, loss and fraud prevention; to collect amounts owing to us; and to provide and maintain the functionality of our Sites, including identifying and repairing errors or problems.
Applicant
To review the Applicant Privacy Policy, please visit:
https://www.sephora.com/beauty/applicant-privacy-policy
6. How We Disclose Your Personal Information
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this privacy policy, such as the
“Cookies and Similar Online Tracking Technologies”
section above, we disclose personal information in the following circumstances:
Corporate Affiliates
We may disclose personal information with our corporate affiliates, including our parent company, sister companies, and subsidiaries including Sephora Beauty Canada, Inc. and Sephora USA, Inc. Such corporate affiliates process personal information on our behalf as our service providers, where necessary to provide a product or service that you have requested, including to administer the Beauty Insider program, or in other circumstances with your consent as permitted or required by law.
Service Providers
We disclose certain personal information to service providers that perform services to support our core business functions and internal operations including: fulfilling orders; delivering packages; complying with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by an intermediary; sending postal mail, e-mails, and text messages; analyzing customer data; providing marketing assistance; administering our Ratings & Reviews; supporting beacons; processing credit card and debit card payments; investigating fraudulent activity; conducting customer surveys; and providing customer service.
Business Partners
We may disclose your personal information with businesses that we have partnered with to jointly create and offer a product, service, or joint promotion. For example, if you apply for or use a Beauty Insider membership at a Sephora at Kohl’s, based on your direction to intentionally disclose the information, we disclose your information with Kohl’s. We may also disclose your personal information with Kohl’s in the event we suspect you are violating our terms or engaging in fraudulent behavior as it relates to our business. Where available, if you apply for or use one of our Sephora–branded credit cards, based on your direction to intentionally disclose the information, we disclose your information with the financial institutions we partner with that issue the card. If you decide to obtain a product or service that is offered by these partners, the information you provide will be disclosed to us and them. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy but by their own respective privacy policies. Please note, we will not disclose text messaging opt–in data and consent with any third parties for their marketing purposes.
Social Media Platforms and Networks
Some of our websites have features such as, plugins, widgets, and/or other tools made available by social media platforms and networks that may result in information being collected or disclosed between us and such parties. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
Public Forums
Some of our websites provide the opportunity to post content in a public forum. For example, Sephora’s online social Beauty Insider Community allows you to participate in Sephora Groups; Sephora Conversations, and the Sephora Gallery; to provide Ratings & Reviews; and to receive product recommendations. If you decide to submit information in these public forums, that information will be publicly available.
Legal Process
We may disclose personal information in response to subpoenas, warrants, court orders, government inquiries, or investigations; or to comply with relevant laws and regulations. We may also disclose information to establish, exercise, or protect the rights of our company, employees, agents, and affiliates; to defend against a legal claim; to protect the safety and security of our visitors; to detect and protect against fraud; and to take action regarding possible illegal activities or violations of our policies.
Transfer of Control
We may disclose personal information with another company that buys some, or all, of the assets or stock of Sephora, and that company may use and disclose personal information for purposes similar to what is described in this policy. Sephora may also disclose personal information with prospective purchasers to evaluate the proposed transaction.
Other Instances
We may ask if you would like us to disclose your information with other third parties who are not described elsewhere in this privacy policy.
Back to Top
7. How We Protect Your Personal Information
Personal information is maintained on our servers or those of our service providers, and is accessible by authorized employees, representatives, and agents as necessary for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
We realize that individuals trust us to protect their personal information. We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to help protect your personal information. While we attempt to protect your personal information in our possession, no method of transmission over the internet or security system is perfect, and we cannot promise that information about you will remain secure in all circumstances.
For your convenience, our
Sites
include functionality that allows you to remain logged in so that you do not have to re-enter your password each time you want to access your account. If you choose to remain logged in, you should be aware that anyone with access to your device will be able to access and make changes to your account and may be able to make purchases through your account. For that reason, if you choose to remain logged in, we strongly recommend that you take appropriate steps (such as enabling the “Passcode Lock” security feature on your mobile device) to protect against unauthorized access to, and use, of your account. Please also notify us as soon as possible if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account or password.
8. Your Rights
Consistent with applicable law, you may exercise the rights described in this section. Please note that some of the rights may vary depending on your country, province, or state of residence.
The Right to Opt Out of Cookies and Sale/Sharing Using Online Tracking Technologies
Our use of online tracking technologies may be considered a “sale” / “sharing” under applicable law. Visitors to our US website can opt out of being tracked by these third parties by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link at the bottom of our website and selecting their preferences, or by accessing “Contact Us, FAQ, Legal” in Sephora
mobile applications
.
If you do not have a Sephora account or if you are not logged into your Sephora account, your request to opt out of “sale” / “sharing” will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to us.
You may opt out by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). To download and use a browser supporting the GPC browser signal, click here:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/orgs
.  If you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use.
If you would like us to make the connection between your browser and your account when you send the opt-out of “sale” / “sharing” of your personal information request or GPC signal, and you have not yet opted out of “sale” / “sharing” your personal information, we recommend you submit the Do Not Sell or Share Personal Information form that is in Your Privacy Choices. As stated above, the Your Privacy Choices link is available at the bottom of the Sephora website and under “Contact Us, FAQ, Legal” in Sephora
mobile applications
.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link at the bottom of our website and selecting the appropriate preferences, or under “Contact Us, FAQ, Legal” in Sephora
mobile applications
.
Categories of personal information disclosed that may be considered “sale” / “sharing”: Basic Identifying Information, Device Information and Other Unique Identifiers, Internet or Other Network Activity, Geolocation Data, and Commercial Data.
Categories of third parties to whom personal information was disclosed that may be considered “sale”/ “sharing” include advertisers and marketing partners, data analytics providers, and social media networks.
We do not sell your personal information as defined under Nevada law. However, to request email confirmation that we do not sell your personal information, please send an email to
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
with “Nevada Opt-Out of Sale” in the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you via an email response.
Residents of Canada can control the use of cookies and other online tracking technologies on our website by us and by third parties (including advertisers and marketing partners, data analytics providers, and social media networks) through our consent management tools. Depending on your province of residence, the consent management tool may be available through the “Cookie Preferences” link at the bottom of our website or through a banner that presents itself when you visit the website or open the
mobile applications
.
The Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information
As mentioned above, Sephora only collects sensitive personal information, as defined by applicable privacy laws, for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. Sephora does not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
Some of the purposes for the collection and processing of sensitive personal information allowed by law include: to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected; to prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents; to resist malicious, deceptive fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at Sephora and to prosecute those responsible for those actions; to ensure the physical safety of natural persons; for short-term, transient use; to perform services on behalf of Sephora; and to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product or service provided by Sephora.
Therefore, Sephora does not offer the right to limit the use of sensitive personal information.
The Right to Access, Correct, and Delete Personal Information
Depending on your state of residence in the U.S., you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you and how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, get a copy of, or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information.  If you are a resident of Canada, you have the right to request access to your personal information, to have your personal information rectified if it is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information (including or use or sharing of your personal information for marketing or other secondary purposes). These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law.
Access and Deletion
You can submit a request to access or delete your personal information, or withdraw consent, by:
Submitting a
Request Form
; or
Calling 1-833-899-2963.
If you are a Canadian resident and want to withdraw consent to processing, please submit a deletion request by submitting the form, or calling the number, above.
Typically, we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Please note that in many situations we must retain all, or a portion, of your personal information to comply with our legal obligations; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements; protect against fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity; or for another one of our business purposes.
Corrections
You can correct information related to your account by:
Logging into your account on Sephora.com or Sephora.ca, as applicable; or
Calling 1-877-SEPHORA; or
Visiting a Sephora or Sephora at Kohl’s store and speaking with a representative.
If you have given Sephora permission to store your credit card information and you don’t want merchants like Sephora to receive your updated credit card information through your credit card issuer’s account updater service, please contact your card issuer.
You may submit a request for a copy of the information collected about you by following the steps outlined in the “Your Rights” section above. Depending on your state of residence, you may request for a copy of the information up to twice per year per customer.
Responding to Requests
Once you have submitted your request, we will respond within the time frame permitted by the applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee for multiple requests in the same 12-month period, as permitted by law.
Appealing Requests
Depending on your state of residence in the U.S., you may be able to appeal our decision to your request regarding your personal information. To do so, please contact us in any of the ways listed in the
"Communicating With Us"
section. We respond to all appeal requests as soon as we reasonably can, and no later than legally required. If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the right to complain to a privacy commissioner about our decision with respect to your request.
Identity Verification
For us to process some requests, we will need to verify your identity to confirm that the request came from you. We may contact you by phone or e-mail to verify your request. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, an e-mail address that you have used with Sephora, or a phone number you have used with Sephora. For certain requests, we may also ask you to provide details about the most recent purchase you made online or in store.
Authorized Agent
Depending on your state of residence in the U.S., you may designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to access or delete your personal information. To do so, you must: (1) provide that authorized agent written and signed permission to submit such request; and (2) verify your own identity directly with us. Please note, we may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
If you have been designated as an authorized agent to submit a request on behalf of another customer, you must make the appropriate selection when you submit a
Request Form
.
Managing Communication Preferences
Email
You can stop receiving promotional e-mails at any time by:
Clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail that you receive from us; or
Logging into your account on Sephora.com, clicking on the “My Account” page, and managing your email preferences.
Postal Mail
You can stop receiving promotional postal mail at any time by calling 1-877-SEPHORA.
Text Messages
You can opt-out of receiving text messages from us by replying “STOP” to the text message you receive from us. Please note that this will only opt you out of the specific text messaging program associated with that number. For more information, please refer to the
Sephora Text Messaging Terms & Conditions
.
In-App Push Notifications
You can stop receiving in-app push notifications in Sephora Mobile Apps by adjusting your Notification Settings in the Sephora Mobile App.
Removing Content from Sephora Public Forums
You can request that we remove content or information that you have posted on a public page on some of our
Sites
(such as part of a Ratings & Review, or your Beauty Insider Community activity) by e-mailing details to Customer Service at
social.support@sephora.com
. Please note that while we will endeavor to honor your request, our removal of your content or information does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that information from our
Sites
. For example, historical copies, or “caches,” may remain.
Right to Non-Discrimination
We do not discriminate against customers who exercise any of their rights described in our privacy policy.
9. Transmission of Information to Other Countries
Sephora USA, Inc. is located in the United States.
Sephora Beauty Canada, Inc. is located in Canada and uses service providers and corporate affiliates that may be located outside of Canada or outside your province of residence, including in the United States or other countries.
If you submit personal information to Sephora USA, Inc. or Sephora Beauty Canada, Inc., your personal information may be processed in a foreign country, where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States.
10. Children's Privacy
Our
Sites are
not intended for or directed to children under the age of 14. We do not knowingly collect personal information directly from children under the age of 14 without parental consent. If we become aware that a child under the age of 14 has provided us with personal information, we will delete the information from our records.
Additionally, our Sites are not intended for or directed to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, or New Jersey who are under the age of 18 years. For these states, if we become aware that anyone under the age of 18 has provided us with personal information, we will delete the information from our records.
11. Communicating With Us
If you have any questions about our privacy or security practices, you can contact Sephora’s General Counsel by mail, telephone, or e-mail:
Sephora USA, Inc.
Legal Department, Privacy
350 Mission Street, 7th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
1-877-SEPHORA
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
Sephora Beauty Canada c/o Sephora USA, Inc.
Legal Department, Privacy
350 Mission Street, 7th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
1-877-SEPHORA
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your personal information we may do so by e-mail, telephone, or mail.
12. Changes To This Policy
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time and will post the date it was last updated at the top of this privacy policy. We will provide additional notice to you if we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights.
13. Additional Information for California Residents
California law requires us to disclose the following additional information with respect to our privacy practices. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you in addition to the rest of the privacy policy.
California Shine the Light
Customers who are residents of California may request information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us at this address:
Sephora USA, Inc.
Legal Department, Privacy
350 Mission Street, 7th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
California’s “Eraser Button” Law
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and a registered user of the Sites, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our Sites. Fulfillment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information has been reposted by another user). To request removal of content or information, please contact us at yourprivacyrights@sephora.com.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect and Our Purposes for Collection and Use
You can find a list of the categories of personal information that we collect in the
“What Personal Information We Collect”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Your Personal Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Your Personal Information”
section above.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed and Categories of Recipients
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes to the categories of recipients listed below:
We disclose Basic Identifying Information with businesses, service providers, and third parties, such as advertising networks, analytics and social media networks.
We disclose Device Information and Other Unique Identifiers with businesses, service providers, and third parties, such as advertising networks, analytics, and social media networks.
We disclose Internet or Other Network Activity with businesses, service providers, and third parties, such as advertising networks, analytics, and social media networks.
We disclose Geolocation Data with businesses, service providers, and third parties such as advertising networks, analytics, and social media.
We disclose Payment Information with businesses and service providers who process payments.
We disclose Commercial Information with businesses, service providers, and third parties, such as advertising networks, analytics, and social media networks.
We disclose Physical Characteristics with business and service providers who help administer Community, Beauty Insider, or product recommendations.
We disclose Health and Medical Information you choose to provide regarding skin conditions or medications with businesses in connection with a beauty service and with service providers that help make product recommendations.
We disclose User Content with businesses and service providers who help administer our programs, such as Community, product reviews, and social media networks.
We disclose Audio and Visual Information with businesses and service providers who help administer customer service and fraud or loss prevention services.
We disclose Inferences with businesses and service providers who help administer marketing and personalization.
For more information on how your information is disclosed, please see the
“How We Disclose Your Personal Information"
section, which provides more detail on our business partners, service providers and third parties. We may also need to disclose any of the above categories of information pursuant to Legal Process or as a result of a "Transfer of Control" as described in the
“How We Disclose Your Personal Information”
section. As stated in the
“Your Rights”
section above, we typically retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
14. Notice of Financial Incentive/ Bona Fide Loyalty Program Disclosure
We offer our customers a loyalty program (the
Beauty Insider Program
) that provides certain perks, such as rewards and exclusive offers. We may also provide other programs, such as sweepstakes, contest, or other similar promotional campaigns (collectively, the “Programs”). When you sign up for one of these Programs, we typically ask you to provide your name and contact information (such as email address and/or telephone number). Because our Programs involve the collection of personal information and offering of certain benefits, they might be interpreted as a “financial incentive” program under California law or a “bona fide loyalty program” under Colorado law. Under the California law, the value of your personal information to us is related to the value of the free or discounted products or services, or other benefits that you obtain or that are provided as part of the applicable Program, less the expense related to offering those products, services, and benefits to Program participants.
You may withdraw from participating in a Program at any time by contacting us using the designated method set forth in the applicable Program rules. Visit the
terms and conditions page
of each Program to view full details, including how to join.
Back to Top
About Sephora
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sephora Text Messaging Terms & Conditions
Sephora Text Messaging Promo FAQs
Sephora Applicant Privacy Policy
Sephora Affiliates
Looks like you are trying to access
Sephora.com
(USA & Canada)
from another country.
This site does not ship to your country.
View Sephora International Websites
Continue to
Sephora.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.sephora.com/beauty/applicant-privacy-policy?icid2=customer_service_applicant_privacy_policy_link_internal:
Sephora Applicant Privacy Policy
Customer Service
About Sephora
Sephora Applicant Privacy Policy
Sephora Applicant Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 7, 2023
Sephora USA, Inc.
and
Sephora Beauty Canada, Inc.
(collectively “
Sephora
”, “
we
”, “
our
”, or “
us
”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.
The purpose of this
Applicant Privacy Policy
is to inform all Sephora job applicants (“
applicant
”, or “
you
”) of the personal information we collect from your interaction with our “
Careers Site
” (meaning
https://www.inside-sephora.com/en/usa/join-us
, and/or
https://www.inside-sephora.com/en/canada/join-us
), and any other Sephora webpages, and mobile sites which we operate and link to this Applicant Privacy Policy, of the purposes for which we use such personal information to facilitate your job application.
This Applicant Privacy Policy also tells you about the rights and choices you have with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions. Please note, our privacy practices are subject to the applicable laws of the places in which we operate. You will see additional region-specific terms that only apply to applicants located in those geographic regions, or as required by applicable laws.
You can click on the following links to go directly to the corresponding sections of this Policy.
This Applicant Privacy Policy covers:
1.
How and Why We Collect Your Personal Information
2.
Additional Business Purposes For Using Your Personal Information
3.
Additional Purposes For Using Personal Information
4.
Retention Period For Your Personal Information
5.
Categories of Recipients to Whom Your Personal Information May Be Disclosed For Business, and Permitted Purposes
6.
Changes To This Policy
7.
Contacting Us
8.
Information for California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights
A.
Right to Know
B.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
C.
Right to Request Correction of Personal Information
D.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
E.
Right to Opt-out of Sale of Personal Information
F.
Right to Non-Discrimination
9.
Information for Canadian Residents
A.
Your Choice
B.
Retention
C.
International Transfers
D.
Your Rights
You can click on the following links to go directly to the corresponding sections of this Policy.
1. How and Why We Collect Your Personal Information
For the purposes of this Applicant Privacy Policy, “
personal information
” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual.
We collect, maintain, use, and disclose different types of personal information in the context of our relationship with you. Where we disclose personal information to service providers or contractors, it is for the same business purposes described below and, where appropriate, requires that such parties maintain its confidentiality, and maintain appropriate systems and processes to ensure its security and protection.
The following chart provides examples of the categories of personal information that we collect from you, the categories of sources from which we collect them, and how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Sources from which Collected
Purposes for Collection, Use, and Disclosure
Identifiers
such as personal information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with a particular individual, including but not limited to, personal contact details such as name, alias, title, username and password for our careers website, telephone number, email address, mailing address, Internet Protocol, signature, social media usernames, professional license numbers, education, employment, employment history, financial information (e.g., bank account details), medical information, or other similar identifiers.
• Directly from you
• Automatically when you use our Careers Site
• From service providers that help us to run our business
• Employment or staffing agencies
• To open and maintain your application records
• To assess your eligibility for employment
• To communicate with you regarding your application
• To book travel or arrange for relocation
• Reimbursement of travel or recruiting expenses
• To manage the security of our premises and systems
Characteristics of protected classifications under Canadian provincial/territorial law
, California or US federal law such as age, race, and ethnic origin.
• Directly from you
• From service providers that help us to run our business
• To open and maintain your application records
• To assess your eligibility for employment
• For diversity, equity and inclusion programs
• To comply with laws
Internet or other electronic network activity information
such as duration of visit, referring website address, browsing and search history on our websites, and information related to your interactions with our websites.
• Automatically when you use our Careers Site
• To operate our Careers Site and systems as needed
Geolocation data
such as your geographic location inferred from your device IP address.
• Automatically when you use our Careers Site
• From service providers that help us to run our business
• To provide you with tailored recommendations, and updates
• To improve our website, set default options, and provide you with a better application experience
• To protect the security of our website
Audio, video, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
such as security camera recordings, recorded interview responses, and photographs to the extent contained on documents you provide.
• Directly from you
• Automatically while you are on our property
• To manage the security of our premises and systems
• To conduct interviews by video or phone
Professional or employment-related information
such as skills, qualifications, work experience, references, recommendations, and other information included in a resume, CV, application form, or cover letter, answers to behavioral or other screening questions in an application or interview, information contained in any websites or documents you choose to disclose with us, information relating to professional licenses, training, disciplinary actions, and membership in professional organizations; languages spoken and proficiency, information relating to membership in civic organizations, work authorization status, desired start date, desired rate of pay, details of your job search including what roles, departments, and locations interest you.
Additionally, if you are a current or former Sephora or LVMH employee, information such as employee ID number, and information about your work history with Sephora or other LVMH Maison, family member or relative’s name employed by Sephora, and your relationship to them.
• Directly from you
• From service providers that help us to run our business
• Our corporate affiliates
• To open and maintain your application records
• To assess your eligibility for employment
Non-public education information
such as school(s) attended, grades, transcripts, records of attendance, disciplinary records, and other information relating to your secondary and post-secondary education, including any graduate or professional degrees.
• Directly from you
• From service providers that help us to run our business
• To open and maintain your application records
• To assess your eligibility for employment
Inferences drawn from other personal information
such as preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, or attitudes based on other personal information collected about you.
• Drawn from the other categories of personal information we collect
• To assess your eligibility for employment
• To manage the security of our premises and systems
Sensitive Personal Information
such as race, ethnic origin, and health-related data, including data on disability.
• Directly from you
• From service providers that help us to run our business
• To assess your eligibility for employment
• To comply with laws
• For diversity, equity and inclusion programs
2. Additional Business Purposes For Using Your Personal Information
We may also use, and disclose the categories of personal information identified above, including sensitive personal information, for the following business purposes:
a. Helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes;
b. Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
c. Short-term, transient use, including but not limited to, non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us, provided that your personal information is not disclosed to another third party, and is not used to build a profile about you, or otherwise alters your experience outside your current interaction with us;
d. Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on our behalf;
e. Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
f. Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
3. Additional Purposes For Using Personal Information
In addition to the business purposes set forth above, we may use, and disclose the categories of personal information identified:
a. To comply with applicable legal and regulatory requests and obligations (including investigations).
b. To establish or defend legal claims and allegations.
c. For security or the prevention, detection, or investigation of fraud, suspected or actual illegal activity, violations of company policy or rules, or other misconduct.
d. To seek advice from lawyers, auditors, and other professional advisers.
4. Retention Period For Your Personal Information
Except as otherwise permitted, or required by applicable law or regulation, we will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, as required to satisfy any legal obligations, or as necessary to resolve disputes.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider applicable legal requirements, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes we process your personal information for, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.
For example, we will retain your personal information during the entire application process to fulfill the purposes described above, including but not limited to, opening and maintaining your application records, assessing your eligibility for employment, communicating with you regarding your application, reimbursing you for travel or recruiting expenses, and managing the security of our premises and systems. At the conclusion of the application process, and if you do not join the Sephora team, we may retain your personal information as long as required by applicable laws, including but not limited to: Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; American Disabilities Act of 1990; and for California Applicants, California Government Code Section 12946.Sephora reserves the right to remove or purge any of your personal information related to your status as a job applicant, as permitted by law.
5. Categories of Recipients to Whom Your Personal Information May Be Disclosed For Business and Permitted Purposes
To carry out the purposes described above, we may disclose your personal information to the following recipients: security providers, background check vendors, human resources and information technology vendors, corporate parent company, affiliates and subsidiaries, outside legal counsel, and state, provincial and federal governmental agencies.
6. Changes To This Policy
We may revise this Applicant Privacy Policy from time-to-time, and will post the date it was last updated at the top of this Applicant Privacy Policy. We will provide additional notice to you if we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights.
Back to Top
7. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our privacy or security practices, you can contact Sephora’s General Counsel by mail, telephone, or e-mail:
Sephora USA, Inc.
Legal Department, Privacy
350 Mission Street, 7th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
1-877-SEPHORA
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
Sephora Beauty Canada c/o Sephora USA, Inc.
Legal Department, Privacy
350 Mission Street, 7th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
1-877-SEPHORA
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your personal information we may do so by e-mail, telephone, or postal mail.
8. Information for California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights
California law requires us to disclose the following information with respect to our privacy practices. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you in addition to the rest of the Applicant Privacy Policy.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CCPA
”), California residents have the right to request access to (“
Right to Know
”) the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose; the right to request deletion of their personal information (“
Right to Delete
”); the right to correct their personal information (“
Right to Correct
”), the right to limit use and disclosure of their sensitive personal information (“
Right to Limit Sensitive Personal Information
”), and the right to opt out of selling and/or sharing of personal information (“
Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Share
).
Please note that, if you submit a request to know, request to delete, or request to correct, you will be asked to log into your job applicant account or to provide 2-3 pieces of personal information that we will match against our records to verify your identity. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf; however, you will still need to verify your identity directly with us before your request can be processed. An authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf using the webform or toll-free number listed above.
A. Right to Know
You have the right to request, no more than twice in a twelve-month period, for any of the following:
Categories of personal information collected, including;

a. categories of sources from which personal information was collected;
b. business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
c. categories of third parties to which we disclose personal information;
d. categories of personal information that we sold, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we sold that particular category of personal information;
e. categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we disclosed that particular category of personal information.
Specific pieces of personal Information we have collected.
To make a request for any of the information set forth above (a “Request to Know”), please submit a verifiable consumer request pursuant to the instructions below. We will acknowledge your request within ten (10) business days, and will attempt to respond substantively within forty-five (45) days. If we need additional time, we will let you know. If we deny your request, we will explain the reasons in our response and, if applicable, will provide guidance on how to cure deficiencies in your request.
You can submit a request to access your personal information by:
Calling – 1-877-SEPHORA
Emailing –
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
B. Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information collected, or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions permitted by law.
To make a request to delete, please submit a verifiable consumer request pursuant to the instructions below. We will acknowledge your request within ten (10) business days, and will attempt to respond substantively within forty-five (45) days. If we need additional time, we will let you know.
You can submit a request to delete your personal information by:
Logging in to the Sephora Jobs site, go to “Options,” then “Settings,” and then click on “Delete Profile.”
Calling – 1-877-SEPHORA
Emailing –
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
C. Right to Request Correction of Personal Information
You have the right to request the correction of your personal information collected, or maintained by us (“Request to Correction”), subject to certain exceptions permitted by law.
To make a request to correct, please submit a verifiable consumer request pursuant to the instructions below. We will acknowledge your request within ten (10) business days, and will attempt to respond substantively within forty-five (45) days. If we need additional time, we will let you know.
You can submit a request to correct your personal information by:
Logging in to the Sephora Careers site, go to “Options,” then “My Profile,” and click          “Update the Information”.
Calling – 1-877-SEPHORA
Emailing –
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
D. Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
The CCPA gives California residents the right to limit uses of sensitive personal information, such as a race and ethnicity data, to certain uses set forth under the CCPA. Sephora does not use your sensitive personal information to infer characteristics about you, or beyond those permitted purposes including: to provide our goods and services, or as needed: to ensure security and integrity; to prevent fraud or illegal activity; for physical safety; for short-term, transient use, including for non-personalized advertising; to perform services on behalf of the business; and to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance such services or devices. Therefore, Sephora does not treat any sensitive personal information collected as subject to a “Limit the Use and Disclosure of My Personal Information” request.
E. Right to Opt-out of Sale of Personal Information
Sephora does not sell or share personal information it collects through the Careers Site. We have not sold any of the previously-described categories of personal information in the preceding twelve (12) months.
F. Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your CCPA privacy rights. We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in our Applicant Privacy Policy.
Back to Top
9. Information for Canadian Residents
If you are a resident of Canada, this section applies to you in addition to the rest of the Applicant Privacy Policy.
A. Your Choice
We only collect information by lawful means. When we collect, use or share your personal information for the purposes identified above or at the time of collection, we will do so with your consent or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
We’ll obtain your consent prior to conducting any background check processes or psychological and/or behavioural assessments. However, by submitting your application through our online based recruitment portal or through a recruitment agency, you’re consenting to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information necessary to assess you as a potential candidate.
In some instances, it may be optional for you to share information with us. In other situations, where your personal information is necessary to process your application, we will require you to share this information with us. If you do not want to share the necessary information, your only recourse is to not apply for the position or job posting. We will let you know when it is optional for you to share information with us.
You can choose to withdraw your consent, including withdrawing from the application process at anytime. For more information on how to withdraw your consent, please see “Your Rights” section below.
B. Retention
Typically, we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Please note that in many situations we must retain all, or a portion, of your personal information to comply with our legal obligations; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements; protect against fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity; or for another one of our business purposes.
We also retain your information to consider you for other current or future opportunities with us, and to help us better understand, analyze and improve our recruitment process.
If you’re offered and accept employment with us, your personal information collected during the application and recruitment process will become part of your employment record. In these cases, we’ll retain personal information as necessary for as long as you’re an employee and for a reasonable period thereafter.
C. International Transfers
Given our global nature, some of our affiliates and service providers that assist with our application process, including providing IT services for our portal, may be based outside of the Province of Quebec and Canada, including the U.S. This means your information may be accessible to foreign governments, courts, law enforcement authorities or regulatory agencies outside of your jurisdiction, in accordance with the laws of that jurisdiction, which may have different privacy and data protection laws that may or may not be as comprehensive as in your jurisdiction.
D. Your Rights
You have the right to access, correct or delete your personal information and withdraw your consent from processing. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law.
You can submit a request to access, or withdraw consent, by:
Submitting a Request Form; or
Calling 1-833-899-2963.
If you are a Canadian resident and want to withdraw consent to processing, please submit a deletion request by submitting the form, or calling the number, above.
You can submit a request to correct your personal information by:
Logging in to the Sephora Careers site, go to “Options,” then “My Profile,” and click “Update the Information”.
Calling – 1-877-SEPHORA
Emailing –
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
You may also have the right, in specified circumstances depending on your jurisdiction, to request information about data processing, right to to be informed of, and submit observations regarding automated decision-making, and to request a copy of the information you have provided to us be transferred to another person. Your rights are subject to applicable legal restrictions and we may take appropriate steps to verify your identity before responding to your request.
If you have any questions or concerns about these additional data subject rights or related to our Canadian privacy practices, please contact Sephora’s General Counsel by mail, telephone, or email:
Sephora Beauty Canada c/o Sephora USA, Inc.
Legal Department, Privacy
350 Mission Street, 7th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
1-877-SEPHORA
yourprivacyrights@sephora.com
Back to Top
About Sephora
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sephora Text Messaging Terms & Conditions
Sephora Text Messaging Promo FAQs
Sephora Applicant Privacy Policy
Sephora Affiliates
Looks like you are trying to access
Sephora.com
(USA & Canada)
from another country.
This site does not ship to your country.
View Sephora International Websites
Continue to
Sephora.com
.
Sub-policy 1
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/orgs?icid2=globalprivacycontrol:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Founding Organizations
Global Privacy Control has broad industry support. Below, you’ll find browsers and extensions which send the GPC signal, businesses that honor GPC and other supporting partners involved in creating the specification.
Download
Download
Download
Download
Download
Download
Download
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
Automattic
LEARN MORE
Brave Software
LEARN MORE
Check My Ads
LEARN MORE
Complianz
LEARN MORE
Consumer Reports
LEARN MORE
Didomi
LEARN MORE
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
Digital Content Next
LEARN MORE
DuckDuckGo
LEARN MORE
EFF
LEARN MORE
Financial Times
LEARN MORE
Glitch
LEARN MORE
Ketch
LEARN MORE
lockr
LEARN MORE
Meredith Digital
LEARN MORE
Mozilla
LEARN MORE
National Science Foundation
LEARN MORE
New York Times
LEARN MORE
OneTrust
LEARN MORE
Optery
LEARN MORE
privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
Raptive
LEARN MORE
SourcePoint
LEARN MORE
TrustArc
LEARN MORE
Wesleyan University
LEARN MORE
Washington Post
LEARN MORE
WireWheel
LEARN MORE
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl