Privacy Policy
- Last updated January, 16th 2019
The
 data controller is Hydronio, an OPC Private Limited company with share 
capital of 100,000 INR, incorporated in India and entered on the MCA, Government of India Register under number u74999DL2018OPC336283, having its 
registered office at A1-402, Tower Heights, Pitampura, Delhi, India.
Protection
 of your personal data is fundamental to us. This confidentiality policy
 outlines information pertaining to the manner in which we collect a 
process this data.
“Personal data” or “Data” shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
“Data controller” shall mean the person that determines the purposes and means of the processing.
Remit of the personal data protection policy
This personal data protection policy is applicable to all of our applications.
What data is collected?
With
 your prior consent, we are likely to collect and process the following 
data in whole or in part when you use our applications.
Identity-related data: for some of our applications, we are likely to collect data from your Facebook account, when you
login
using Facebook connect: Public profile (surname, forename, age, gender, email address, profile photos, hobbies), friend list
IDFA publicity identifiers (for IOS devices) and GAID (for Android devices)
Data
 pertaining to your activities on our applications and notably the way 
in which you interact with our applications (for instance, how and when 
you use our applications) and with the publicities we display (for 
instance, time spent on these, potential clicks)
Data pertaining to your geographical position (IP address)
We
 are also likely to use cookies which correspond to small files 
containing letters and figures downloaded onto your device when you 
access our applications.
This data is collected via external tools
 (Software Development Kit or « SDK ») implemented by our partners, 
which are an integral part of the application.
You will find hereafter the list of our partners implementing SDKs through our applications:
Games Analytics (analytical SDK)
MixPanel (analytical SDK)
Oath (SDK advertising)
Ogury (SDK advertising)
MoPub (SDK advertising)
InMobi (SDK advertising)
AppLovin (SDK advertising)
Admob (SDK advertising)
Vidcoin (SDK advertising)
Vungle (SDK advertising)
UnityAds (SDK advertising)
Ironsource (SDK advertising)
Tapjoy (SDK advertising)
Adcolony (SDK advertising)
Facebook Audience Network (SDK advertising)
Mobvista (SDK advertising)
Fractionnal (SDK advertising)
Apponboard (SDK advertising)
Fyber (SDK advertising)
Purposes of processing UNDERTAKEN by Hydronio and legal basis for processing
Data collected by Hydronio is used to:
Provide our applications
Guarantee use and improvement of our applications
Develop new applications
Understand
 your centers of interests and, thanks to this profiling, propose you 
targeted and relevant advertisements (SDK advertising),
Make
 statistics on your use of the games, including the number of games 
played, your duration of use or the advertisements you are watching, 
which allows us to improve your gaming experience (analytical SDK).
Communicate with you, notably when you contact us by any means whatsoever
We
 collect the data listed hereinabove, in whole or in part, only once we 
have your express consent for the purposes for which they are to be 
processed, through a pop-up in our applications.
At any time you can withdraw your consent from the "Settings" page in our various applications.
Term of data storage
Hydronio
 stores your personal data for a maximum duration of 13 months after 
collection. Beyond this term, data may be rendered anonymous and stored 
solely for statistical use and will not be exploited, in any nature 
whatsoever.
Categories of recipients of data collected
The
 recipients of the Data are the teams of Hydronio that need to have access
 as well as the partners mentioned above in article 2. We may however 
share Data collected with our technical service providers for the 
aforementioned purposes. We stringently request that our partners always
 act in compliance with Data protection legislation applicable and grant
 special attention to confidentiality of this Data. By application of 
the applicable regulation, any sub-contractor who may process this 
personal data for Hydronio undertakes as follows:
to solely process data for the purpose(s) which is/are sub-contracted,
to process data in pursuance with Hydronio instructions,
guarantee the security and confidentiality of Data.
Hydronio may also disclose/transfer your personal data to third parties in the following particular circumstances:
by
 virtue of legislation, as part of legal proceedings, a dispute and/or 
request issued by the public authorities in your country of residence or
 otherwise;
if disclosure is necessary for national security, application of legislation or any other matter of public interest;
in the event of restructuring, transfer, merger or sale to the third party concerned.
Data transfer
In such instance as your Data is transferred outside of the European Union, we ensure that:
the personal data is transferred to countries
recognised
as offering an equivalent level of protection.
Personal data is transferred via certified entities under the Privacy Shield.
For personal data transferred outside of countries
recognised
by the National Data Protection Authority (CNIL) as having a sufficient
 level of protection, any of the mechanisms offering appropriate 
guarantees is used, for which provision is made by applicable 
regulations, and in particular the adoption of template contractual 
clauses.
Personal data concerning children
Hydronio does not knowingly collect any personal data concerning children under 15 years old.
Your rights concerning data collected
8.1. Your rights
You have all of the following rights concerning the data we collect:
Right to confirmation of the existence of a data processing
You are entitled to obtain from the controller confirmation as to whether or not data related to you are being processed.
Right to access your Data
You
 are entitled to receive confirmation that your personal data is or is 
not processed and, when processed, you are entitled to access said data.
 This right also includes that of receiving a copy of data processed.
Right to request rectification of your Data if incorrect.
You are entitled to request that your data be amended, updated or completed when inaccurate, incorrect, incomplete or obsolete.
Right to request deletion of your Data
You
 are entitled to request deletion of your data solely on those grounds 
for which provision is made by applicable regulation and in particular 
when:
Data is no longer necessary in light of the purposes for which it is collected or processed in any other manner;
you withdraw consent over which processing is based, and there is no legal basis for processing;
you object to processing and there is no overriding legitimate ground for processing;
you consider that your data has been processed illicitly;
your data should be deleted to respect a legal obligation.
Right to limit processing
You
 are entitled to request that the data controller limit the use of your 
data solely on those grounds for which provision is made by applicable 
regulation and in particular when:
you object to the accuracy of your Data;
you consider that processing is illicit and you object to deletion of your data;
data is still required for exercising or defending your rights in court even though Hydronio no longer requires this data,
The
 right to object to processing by withdrawing your consent (with it 
being reiterated that this withdrawal may not harm the legality of 
processing based on the consent granted prior to its withdrawal),
The right to benefit from data mobility
You
 are entitled to reclaim your data provided to Hydronio, in a structured 
format, commonly used and machine-readable, and the right to transfer 
this data to another data controller, for instance so as to change 
service provider.
Post-mortem guidelines
You
 have the right to provide specific or general guidelines for the 
retention, erasure and disclosure of your personal data to designated 
third parties after your death.
Right to make a complaint to the National Data Protection Authority (CNIL)
Terms for exercising rights
Due to the obligation of security and 
confidentiality in Data processing incumbent upon Hydronio, you are hereby
 informed that your request will be processed subject that you provide 
proof of your identity, notably by producing a scanned copy of a valid 
identity document or a signed photocopy of a valid identity document.
Hydronio
 will determine whether this is admissible or not within one month 
following receipt of the claim. In such instance as it is deemed 
admissible, Hydronio will provide all information requested or implement 
the rights claimed within the aforementioned deadline.
If, given 
the complexity of the claim or the number of requests received, the 
aforementioned deadline cannot be respected, Hydronio will notify you 
prior to expiry of this deadline, of this deadline being pushed back by a
 maximum of two months following its decision.
Hydronio hereby notifies you that it will be entitled, where 
applicable, to object to any requests which are clearly abusive (in 
their number, repetitive nature, or systematic).
In such instance 
as Hydronio does not follow up on your request, we will inform you in the 
aforementioned deadlines of the grounds on which our decision is based 
and your option to refer a complaint to the National Data Protection 
Authority (CNIL).
Personal data security
We take all necessary security 
measures so as to prevent as far as practically possible any alteration 
or loss of your data or any unauthorised access thereunto.
In such
 instance as we should be aware of any illegal access to personal data 
concerning you and corresponding to processing for which we are 
responsible, we undertake to notify you of the incident as soon as 
possible if this fulfils a legal requirement.
Updating the present policy
The present policy may be 
updated at any time, notably pursuant to legal and/or regulatory 
provisions and/or any recommendations of the National Data Protection 
Authority (CNIL). We hereby invite you to consult this page regularly.