Privacy Notice for BIOTRONIK Patient App
Datenschutzerklärung für die BIOTRONIK Patient App
BY TICKING THE BOX BESIDE “PRIVACY POLICY” YOU AGREE TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE BELOW.
If you do not agree to the Privacy Notice, do not tick the box beside “Privacy Policy” and we will
        not be able to license the App to you and you won’t be able to use the App.
Privacy Notice for BIOTRONIK Patient App
We respect your right to privacy. This Privacy Notice explains who we are, how we collect and process personal
        data about you in connection with the BIOTRONIK Patient App (hereinafter referred to as "App"), and how you can
        exercise your privacy rights.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data please contact us using the contact
        details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.
We, BIOTRONIK SE & Co. KG, based in Woermannkehre 1, 12359 Berlin, Germany, are the controller of your
        personal data in the sense of Article 4 (7) of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the EU Parliament and Council of
        27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation - GDPR).
Please note that we are not responsible for any data collected and processed during the download of the App from
        an app store, e.g. Apple's App store or Google's Google Play Store. You may check the privacy note of your
        respective app store for further information.
What personal data do we collect and why?
The personal data that we collect about you falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide during your registration
During the registration you are asked to provide certain personal information. This includes first and
                last name,
                device serial number, email address and a chosen password.
Information that you provide via "My Patient ID Card"
When using the App you may voluntarily provide us with information
regarding your cardiac implant and
                    your medical history regarding the cardiac implant.
This information includes:
                Your first and last name, postal address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, details about the
                hospital of implant and doctor in charge, date of implantation, device type, model and manufacturer as
                well as lead position and model.
This information includes health-related information which is sensitive
                    personal information. We need this information if you want to use all functions of the App. We ask
                    you
                    separately during your registration for your consent regarding the use of said (health-related)
                    information
                    for the purpose of providing the App to you.
Information that we may collect depending on your use of the App:
When using the App your physician may decide to link the BIOTRONIK Home Monitoring Service Center (HMSC)
                to your
                App. If linked, the App will transmit the information you entered (e.g.symptoms data) to the HMSC and
                receive
                data (e.g. patient ID data, callback request, transmission status) from the HMSC in an encrypted form
                using
                mobile cellular technology. Some parts of this information may be updated daily in the HMSC and made
                available
                in the "Implant" and in the "My Patient ID card" section of the App.
We will ask for your consent to use information entered by you in the App within the HMSC.
Depending on the information you add (e.g. symptoms) this could also include health-related
                    information.
Information within the HMSC, including the Symptoms Information, is available to your physician to use
                for the fulfilment of the medical treatment contract between you and your physician and to integrate
                into your medical record. Please note that regarding the services provided by the HMSC to your physician
                we act as
                a data processor for your physician who is the controller of the data.
We will also ask for your consent to send you invitations via email or in-app messages to participate in
                surveys regarding feedback on the usability and performance of the App.
Information that we collect automatically
When you use our App, we collect certain information automatically from your device.
Specifically, the information we collect automatically includes your device’s unique ID and information
                about other apps on your device, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and
                other
                technical information. We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with
                our
                App, including the sections accessed and links clicked.
For which purpose and on which legal basis do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Providing the App and its functionalities to you.
Legal basis: Performance of contract in
                accordance with our General Terms and Conditions for the Use of the App. This affects all types of data
                mentioned above. In case of processing of health-related data the legal basis will be your consent.
Detecting or preventing illegal activities.
Legal basis: legitimate interest which is to
                protect us and our users from illegal threats and data security risks. This affects registration data
                and
                usage data.
Monitoring and improving our App and services.
Legal basis: legitimate interest which is to
                ensure that our App and systems are working properly and to improve our App for the enhancement of the
                customer experience. This affects registration data and usage data.
Invitation to participate in surveys.
Legal basis: The legal basis is your consent.
To comply with a legal requirement.
Legal basis: The respective legal provision. This
                affects all types of data mentioned above.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we use your personal
        information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us”
        heading below.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We disclose your personal data to the following categories of recipients:
To our group companies, third party services providers and partners.
Your physician.
To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we
                believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise,
                establish
                or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
How do we keep your personal data secure?
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the personal data that we collect and
        process
        about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing
        your personal data.
Where do we process your personal data?
Your personal information is solely stored on our servers located within European Economic Area.
Data retention
We delete personal data as soon as the purpose of storage does not apply any longer. We only store personal data
        beyond this point in time to the extent that processing is necessary:
For compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by EU or national law
                to which we are subject; or
For the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
For medical purpose
Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information,
                you can do so in the App under “My Patient ID > Patient Data” at any time.
If you want to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being
                processed, and, where that is the case, obtain access to the personal data you can exercise these rights
                by
                contacting us via email at healthservices@biotronik.com.
In addition, in certain cases, you can object to processing of your personal data, ask us
                to restrict processing of your personal data or request portability of
                your personal data. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us by contacting us via email at
                healthservices@biotronik.com.
You have the right to unsubscribe from survey communications we send you at any time. You
                can exercise this right by unsubscribing from communication regarding surveys under “Account >
                Account Settings” in the App.
Similarly, if we collect and process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw
                your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any
                processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal
                information
                conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can withdraw your consent in
                the
                App under “Account > Account Settings”.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use
                of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Finally, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data, which is
                carried
                out in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit f GDPR, for reasons that result from your particular situation
                (Art.
                21 (1) GDPR). If we process your personal data in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit f GDPR for direct
                advertising purposes, you have the right to object to this at any time even without stating reasons
                (Art. 21 (2)
                GDPR).
How to contact us
Data Protection Officer
For questions regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer
        directly, who will also be available to deal with requests for information, applications, or complaints. The
        Data Protection Officer can be reached at datenschutz@biotronik.com or via our mailing address BIOTRONIK SE
        & Co. KG, Woermannkehre 1, 12359 Berlin, Germany with the addition "der Datenschutzbeauftragte" (English:
        "Data Protection Officer").
For California Residents Only:
In addition to the rights as explained in this Privacy Notice, under California’s "Shine the Light" law,
        California residents who provide personal information (as defined in the statute) to obtain products or services
        for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year,
        information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If
        applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of
        those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g.
        requests made in the current year will receive information about the prior year). To obtain this information
        please write to us at healthservices@biotronik.com.
DURCH ANKREUZEN DES KÄSTCHENS NEBEN ‘DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG’
ERKLÄREN SIE SICH MIT DER NACHFOLGENDEN DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG EINVERSTANDEN.
Wenn Sie nicht mit der Datenschutzerklärung einverstanden sind, kreuzen Sie das Kästchen neben
        ‚Datenschutzerklärung‘ nicht an. Wir werden Ihnen die App dann nicht zur Verfügung stellen
        können und Sie werden die App nicht nutzen können.
Datenschutzerklärung für die BIOTRONIK Patient App
Wir respektieren Ihr Recht auf Privatsphäre. Diese Datenschutzerklärung erklärt, wer wir sind, wie
        wir personenbezogene Daten über Sie im Zusammenhang mit der BIOTRONIK Patient App (nachfolgend
        „App“ genannt) sammeln und verarbeiten und wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben können.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Bedenken bezüglich der Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben, kontaktieren Sie
        uns bitte über die Kontaktdaten am Ende dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Wir, BIOTRONIK SE & Co. KG mit Firmensitz in der Woermannkehre 1, 12359 Berlin, Deutschland, sind der
        Verantwortliche Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten im Sinne von Artikel 4 (7) der Verordnung (EU) 2016/679 des
        Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 27. April 2016 (Datenschutzgrundverordnung – DS-GVO).
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir nicht für Daten verantwortlich sind, die während des Herunterladens der
        App aus einem App Store, z.B. dem App Store von Apple oder dem Google Play Store von Google, erhoben und
        verarbeitet werden. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in den Datenschutzhinweisen Ihres jeweiligen App Stores.
Welche personenbezogenen Daten sammeln wir und warum?
Die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie sammeln, fallen in die folgenden Kategorien:
Informationen, die Sie bei der Registrierung angeben
Während der Registrierung werden Sie gebeten, bestimmte personenbezogene Daten anzugeben. Dazu gehören
                Vor- und Nachname, Geräteseriennummer, E-Mail-Adresse und ein gewähltes Passwort.
Informationen, die Sie über „Mein Patientenausweis“ zur Verfügung stellen
Bei der Nutzung der App können Sie uns freiwillig Informationen über Ihr
Herzimplantat und Ihre
                    Krankengeschichte bezüglich des Herzimplantats
zur Verfügung stellen. Zu diesen
                Informationen gehören: Ihr Vor- und Nachname, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer, Geburtsdatum, Geschlecht,
                Angaben zum Krankenhaus, das die Implantation durchgeführt hat und des behandelnden Arztes, Datum der
                Implantation, Gerätetyp, Modell und Hersteller sowie Elektrodenposition und Modell.
Diese Informationen umfassen Gesundheitsdaten, bei denen es sich um sensible personenbezogene Daten
                    handelt. Wir
                    benötigen diese Informationen, wenn Sie alle Funktionen der App nutzen möchten. Wir bitten Sie
                    gesondert bei Ihrer Registrierung um Ihre Zustimmung zur Nutzung dieser (gesundheitsbezogenen)
                    Informationen
                    zum Zwecke der App-Bereitstellung für Sie.
Informationen, die wir je nach Nutzung der App durch Sie sammeln können:
Bei Verwendung der App kann Ihr Arzt das BIOTRONIK Home Monitoring Service Center (HMSC) mit Ihrer App
                verbinden.
                In diesem Fall übermittelt die App die eingegebenen Daten (z. B. Symptome) ans HMSC und empfängt Daten
                (z. B. Patienten-ID-bezogene Daten, Rückrufaufforderungen, Übertragungsstatus) vom HMSC in
                verschlüsselter Form mittels mobiler Mobilfunktechnologie. Teile dieser Informationen können
                täglich im HMSC aktualisiert und in den Bereichen „Implantat“ und „Home Monitoring“
                der App zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Teile dieser Informationen werden täglich in Ihrer App
                aktualisiert und in den Bereichen „Implantat“ und „Mein Patientenausweis“ der App zur
                Verfügung gestellt.
Wir werden Sie um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, die Informationen, die Sie in der App eingegeben haben, im
                HMSC zu
                nutzen.
Abhängig von den Daten, die Sie hinzufügen (z. B. Symptome), können dieses auch
                    gesundheitsbezogene Daten sein.
Informationen innerhalb des HMSC, einschließlich der
                Informationen über Symptome, stehen Ihrem Arzt zur Erfüllung des Behandlungsvertrags zwischen Ihnen
                und Ihrem Arzt und zur Übertragung in Ihre Krankenakte zur Verfügung. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir in
                Bezug auf die Leistungen, die Ihrem Arzt durch das HMSC zur Verfügung gestellt werden, die Rolle des
                Datenverarbeiters einnehmen, Ihr Arzt jedoch der Datenverantwortliche ist.
Wir bitten um Ihre Zustimmung, dass wir Sie per E-Mail oder über die App zur Teilnahme an Umfragen zur
                Beurteilung der Benutzerfreundlichkeit und Benutzererfahrung einladen dürfen.
Informationen, die wir automatisch sammeln
Wenn Sie unsere App nutzen, sammeln wir bestimmte Informationen automatisch von Ihrem Gerät.

                Die von uns gesammelten Informationen umfassen insbesondere die eindeutige ID Ihres Gerätes und
                Informationen über andere Anwendungen auf Ihrem Gerät, den geografischen Standort (z.B. Land oder
                Stadt) und andere technische Informationen. Wir sammeln auch Informationen darüber, wie Sie und Ihr
                Gerät mit unserer App interagiert haben, einschließlich der aufgerufenen Bereiche und der
                angeklickten Links.
Zu welchem Zweck und auf welcher Rechtsgrundlage verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für die folgenden Zwecke:
Bereitstellung der App und ihrer Funktionalitäten.
Rechtsgrundlage:
                Vertragserfüllung gemäß unseren Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen für die Nutzung
                der App. Dies betrifft alle oben genannten Datentypen. Im Falle der Verarbeitung von
                Gesundheitsdaten ist die Rechtsgrundlage Ihre Einwilligung.
Aufspüren oder Verhindern illegaler Aktivitäten.
Rechtsgrundlage: berechtigtes
                Interesse, das darin besteht, uns und unsere Nutzer vor illegalen Bedrohungen und
                Datensicherheitsrisiken zu
                schützen. Dies betrifft Registrierungsdaten und Nutzungsdaten.
Überwachung und Verbesserung unserer Apps und Services.
Rechtsgrundlage: berechtigtes
                Interesse, das darin besteht, sicherzustellen, dass unsere App und Systeme ordnungsgemäß
                funktionieren und unsere App zur Verbesserung des Kundenerlebnisses zu verbessern. Dies betrifft
                Registrierungsdaten und Nutzungsdaten.
Einladung zur Teilnahme an Umfragen.
Rechtsgrundlage: Ihre Einwilligung ist die Rechtsgrundlage.
Zur Erfüllung einer gesetzlichen Anforderung.
Rechtsgrundlage: Die jeweilige
                gesetzliche Regelung. Dies betrifft alle oben genannten Datentypen.
Wenn Sie Fragen haben oder weitere Informationen über die Rechtsgrundlage benötigen, aufgrund derer wir
        Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, wenden Sie sich bitte per E-Mail an uns unter
        healthservices@biotronik.com.
An wen geben wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiter?
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an die folgenden Kategorien von Empfängern weiter:
An unsere Konzerngesellschaften, Drittdienstleister und Partner
An Ihren Arzt An jede zuständige Strafverfolgungsbehörde, Aufsichtsbehörde,
                Regierungsbehörde, Gericht oder sonstige dritte Partei, von der wir glauben, dass eine Offenlegung
                notwendig ist (i) als eine Angelegenheit des anwendbaren Rechts, (ii) um unsere gesetzlichen Rechte
                auszuüben, zu begründen oder zu verteidigen, oder (iii) um Ihre wesentlichen Interessen oder die
                einer anderen Person zu schützen.
Wie sichern wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir setzen angemessene technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen ein, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die
        wir erheben und verarbeiten, zu schützen. Die Maßnahmen, die wir ergreifen, sind darauf ausgerichtet,
        ein Sicherheitsniveau zu bieten, das dem Risiko der Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten angemessen ist.
Wo verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Ihre persönlichen Daten werden ausschließlich auf unseren Servern innerhalb des Europäischen
        Wirtschaftsraums gespeichert.
Aufbewahrung von Daten
Wir löschen personenbezogene Daten, sobald der Zweck der Speicherung nicht mehr gegeben ist. Über
        diesen Zeitpunkt hinaus speichern wir personenbezogene Daten nur, soweit eine Verarbeitung erforderlich ist:
zur Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung, die eine Verarbeitung nach EU- oder
                nationalem Recht erfordert, der wir unterliegen; oder
zur Begründung, Ausübung oder Abwehr von Rechtsansprüchen;
aus medizinischen Gründen.
Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Sie haben folgende Datenschutzrechte:
Wenn Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
korrigieren, aktualisieren oder löschen
möchten, können Sie dies jederzeit in der App unter „Mein Patientenausweis >
                Patientendaten bzw. unter Konto > Einstellungen“ tun.
Wenn Sie Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten möchten, können Sie dies
                jederzeit tun, indem Sie uns per E-Mail unter healthservices@biotronik.com kontaktieren.
Darüber hinaus können Sie in bestimmten Fällen der
Verarbeitung
Ihrer
                personenbezogenen Daten
widersprechen
, uns bitten, die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen
                Daten
einzuschränken
oder die
Übertragung
Ihrer
                personenbezogenen Daten
verlangen
. Auch hier können Sie diese Rechte ausüben,
                indem Sie uns per E-Mail unter healthservices@biotronik.com kontaktieren.
Sie haben jederzeit das Recht, sich als Empfänger unserer
Umfragemitteilungen abzumelden.
Sie können dieses Recht wahrnehmen, indem Sie sich in der App unter
                „Konto > Einstellungen“ abmelden. Ebenso können Sie Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit
                widerrufen, wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung erheben und
                verarbeiten. Der Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung hat weder Einfluss auf die Rechtmäßigkeit einer
                Verarbeitung, die wir vor Ihrem Widerruf durchgeführt haben, noch auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer
                personenbezogenen Daten, die auf der Grundlage anderer rechtmäßiger Verarbeitungsgründe als
                der Einwilligung erfolgten. Sie können Ihre Einwilligung in der App unter „Konto >
                Einstellungen“ widerrufen.
Sie haben das
Recht
, sich bei einer Datenschutzbehörde über die Erhebung und
                Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
zu beschweren
. Für weitere Informationen
                wenden Sie sich bitte an Ihre örtliche Datenschutzbehörde.
Schließlich haben Sie jederzeit das Recht, aus Gründen, die sich aus Ihrer besonderen Situation
                ergeben (Art. 21 (1) DS-GVO) der Verarbeitung gemäß Art. 6 (1) lit f DS-GVO Ihrer
                personenbezogenen Daten zu widersprechen. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gemäß Art. 6 Abs.
                1 lit f DS-GVO für Zwecke der Direktwerbung verarbeiten, haben Sie jederzeit das Recht, dem auch ohne
                Angabe von Gründen zu widersprechen (Art. 21 Abs. 2 DS-GVO).
Wie Sie uns erreichen
Datenschutzbeauftragter
Bei Fragen zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten wenden Sie sich bitte direkt an unseren
        Datenschutzbeauftragten, der auch im Falle von Auskunftsersuchen, Anträgen oder Beschwerden zur
        Verfügung steht. Den Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie unter datenschutz@biotronik.com oder über
        unsere Postanschrift BIOTRONIK SE & Co. KG, Woermannkehre 1, 12359 Berlin mit dem Zusatz „der
        Datenschutzbeauftragte“.