Our Games
Milestones
About us
Career
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Funcell Games develop and publishes social games for the web and mobile devices. In this policy, “Funcell Games” refers to Funcell Games Pvt. Ltd. We may also refer to Funcell Games as “We” or “Us”.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY DESCRIBES:
The information We collect, how We collect and the purpose for which we collect such information
How We use and with whom We share such information
How you can access and update such information
The choices you can make about how We collect, use and share your information
How We protect the information We store about you
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or how we collect and use this information, please contact us.
If you access our games from a third party Social Networking Site (“SNS”), you may be required to read and accept the SNS Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
INFORMATION RECEIVED ABOUT YOU FROM AN SNS
When you use any Funcell Games game at any SNS such as Facebook or Google +, where our games may also be referred to as “applications”, you allow us to access certain information from your profile for that site. The information you allow us to access varies by game and SNS, and is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish at the SNS. You can control and find out more about these settings at the SNS where you play our games. For example, Funcell Games may access and store some or all of the following information as allowed by you, the SNS and your preferences:
Your first and last name
Your profile picture or its URL
Your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo
The user ID numbers and other public data for your friends
The login e-mail you provided to that SNS when you registered
Your physical location and that of your access devices
By playing our game through an SNS, you are authorizing us to collect, store, and use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Any and all information that you agreed to the SNS could be provided to Funcell Games through the SNS Application Programming Interface (“API”).
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU DIRECTLY
When you interact with the Service (whether or not from an SNS), at www.funcellgames.com, We may collect and store information from you directly as described below:
REGISTRATION INFORMATION
We may allow you to “register” with Us by using Facebook Connect or other SNS authentication options to create an account or profile within the Service. We may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide the following information: your first and last names; your e-mail address; password and other information that helps Us confirm that it is you accessing your account.
We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that will be visible to other Funcell Games users. Your user profile may include: a profile photo; one or more game username(s); links to your profiles on various SNS; details about the games you play; and a Funcell Games user ID number that is created by us and which is used to identify your profile.
We may also offer you the ability to import your address book contacts or manually enter e-mail addresses so that you can (i) locate your contacts on Funcell Games and (ii) invite those contacts to join you in our games. We will store those contacts for the purpose of helping you and your contacts to make connections on our site. If you do not want your contacts stored, you can follow the instructions available at the “Learn More” link. Passwords provided to us for the purpose of accessing your address book will not be stored.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE OR COLLECT WHEN YOU ACCESS Funcell GAMES ON A MOBILE DEVICE
We may collect mobile device identifiers, including MAC Address and IP Address when you play our games on your mobile phone or any other mobile device, including iPads and tablets. In certain games, We will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to the account number. We may collect the device type, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, geo-location or e-mail address.
CUSTOMER SUPPORT CORRESPONDENCE
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, We will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on the Service, and your user ID number. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within.
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS & LOCAL NOTIFICATIONS
With your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates and other relevant messages. You can manage push notifications from the “options” or “settings” page within the relevant game. You may also be able to manage them from your device’s settings page for the relevant game.
We may send local notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates and other relevant information. You can manage local notifications from the “options” or “settings” page within the relevant game.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We may collect information about you in any one or more of the following ways:
INFORMATION ABOUT PLAYERS AND PLAY
When you play any of our games, Funcell Games collects and store certain information that you provide directly, through the SNS, direct registration or from other third party website that is offering our game(s). To provide a richer game play and social experience, We also collect information about your play and interaction with other players and the Service. Such information is collected and stored through the use of Log Files.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In general, We collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. For example, We may use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways:
To provide the technical support and respond to user inquiries
To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Service
To notify users for in-game updates
To provide in-game leaderboards and promote in-game player achievements
To solicit input and feedback to improve Funcell Games products and services and customize your user experience
One important use of such information is for better communication. If you have provided your e-mail address to Funcell Games, We’ll use it to respond to (i) customer support inquiries, and (ii) keep you informed of your in-game activity, including comments from friends, notifications about in-game status, as well as notifications of gift and game requests. Messages, such as invites to friends to join you in a game, may include your name and profile photo. We may also send promotional e-mail messages directly or in partnership with parties other than Funcell Games. Each Promotional Communication will generally offer recipients various choices about receiving additional messages.
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We DO NOT share your information with any third parties for any purpose.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
Funcell Games implement reasonable security measures to protect the security of your information both online and offline and we are committed to the protection of customer information.
For user accounts registered directly with Funcell Games, profile information is protected by the password each member uses to access their account. It is important that you protect and maintain the security of your account and that you immediately notify Us if you encounter any unauthorized use of your account. If you forget the password to your Funcell Games account, the game/app allows you to send a request to receive instructions that explain how to reset your password.
While We take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our websites and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your account password), and to log out of your account after use. If your SNS account is hacked, this may lead to unauthorized play of your Funcell Games games, so we request you to keep your account information secure. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please contact Us at contact@funcellgames.in.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure. Although We strive to protect your personal data, We cannot guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted to our site; any such transmission is at your own risk. Once We have received your information, We have procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, We will notify you and other users by placing a notice on funcellgames.com or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address which We have on file. We may supplement this process by placing notices in our games and on other Funcell Games websites. You can periodically check www.funcellgames.com and this privacy page for updates.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to contact@funcellgames.in