Privacy Policy
This website (“website”) is operated by Dechra Veterinary Products Limited (“DVP”). DVP is a subsidiary of Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC (Dechra).
The terms “Dechra”, “we”, “us”, “our” and “ours” when used in this Privacy Statement means Entity, which includes both subsidiaries, divisions, branches, affiliates or companies under control of entity.
The terms “you”, “your” and “yours” when used in this Privacy Statement means any user of this website.
IMPORTANT: BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL DATA MANUALLY OR IN ELECTRONIC FORM TO US AND/OR BY USING OUR WEBSITE YOU GIVE YOUR CONSENT THAT ALL PERSONAL DATA THAT YOU SUBMIT MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED BELOW.
SCOPE OF PRIVACY STATEMENT
We are committed to the privacy and confidentiality of information provided by you to us. This Privacy Statement describes our current policies and practices with regard to Personal Data collected by us from you directly and/or through the website to the extent that such Personal Data is protected by applicable European data protection laws. The term “Personal Data” refers to personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, job description, health related data, date of birth, e-mail address or mailing address.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We are continually improving our methods of communication and adding new functionality and features to this website and to our existing services. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, our data practices will change from time to time. If and when our data practices change, we will notify you of the changes via this page. We encourage you to check this page frequently.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA INCLUDING E-MAIL ADDRESSES
You may choose to use our services and solutions or receive additional information from us. When you request our services and solutions or request additional information, we request personal information about you such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number and payment details. We may also ask for demographic information to enable us to provide a personalized service to you. The information you provide is either manually or electronically stored in our databases. We sometimes supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties. For instance, if inaccurate postal or zip codes are received, we may use third party software to fix them.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We will use your Personal Data to fulfil your requests and we will ask only for data that is adequate, relevant and not excessive for those purposes. Where we send you information for any purpose, it may be sent by e-mail or post. When we ask you for Personal Data it may include the following purposes:
We may contact you occasionally to inform you of new services we will be providing;
We may send you regular updates on issues we think will be of interest to you;
We may send you requested information on our services;
We may use your Personal Data for marketing purposes and market research;
UNSUBSCRIBE
We hope you will be delighted with our products and services. However, if you do not wish to receive e-mails from us and want to be removed from our electronic mailing list, please e-mail us at the address given below with “Email Unsubscribe” in the subject heading.
If you also wish to be removed from our post marketing database, please let us know by e-mailing us at the address given below with “Mail Unsubscribe” in the subject heading or writing to us at the address given below.
COOKIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
ANONYMOUS DATA COLLECTED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE
Our website contains hyperlinks to other pages on our website. We may use cookies to track how often these links are used and which pages on our website our visitors choose to view. The cookies do not identify you personally – they simply enable us to compile statistics about the use of these hyperlinks.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We do not share, sell or distribute your Personal Data with unrelated third parties, except as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy and under these limited circumstances:
In order to provide you with the information or services and solutions which you have requested, Personal Data may occasionally be transferred or shared with other companies within our group of companies, third parties who act for us for further processing in accordance with the purposes for which the data was originally collected or for purposes to which you have subsequently consented. For example, sometimes a third party may have access to your Personal Data in order to support our information technology or to handle mailings on our behalf.
We will keep your contact details on our database and may, from time to time, e-mail or post you information to make you aware of our other similar products and services which may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive e-mails or post from us for these purposes, please let us know by following the “unsubscribe” procedure set out above.
Where you have consented, we may also share your Personal Data with other companies within our group of companies or disclose your Personal Data to other businesses who may contact you about their products or services that may interest you.
We may share, transfer or disclose the information in our databases and server logs to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, interacting with anti-fraud databases, to protect your vital interests, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or this website, to take precautions against legal liability, or in the event of our sale, merger, reorganisation, dissolution or similar event.
We may share your information with analytic and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site. Please see our Cookie Policy.
Where appropriate, before disclosing Personal Data to a third party, we contractually require the third party to take adequate precautions to protect that data and to comply with applicable law.
DATA ACCESS AND CORRECTIONS
Upon receipt of your written request and enough information to permit us to identify your Personal Data, we will disclose to you the Personal Data we hold about you, for which we may make a small charge. We will also correct, amend or delete any Personal Data that is inaccurate and notify any third party recipients of the necessary changes. You may update any information you have given to us by contacting us at the addresses given below.
Requests to delete Personal Data are subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations imposed on us.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This website may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their data or privacy practices. We urge you to review any privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any Personal Data about yourself.
TRANSFER OF DATA ABROAD
If you are visiting this website from a country other than the country in which our servers are located (currently the United Kingdom), the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries.
By visiting this website and communicating electronically with us, you consent to the processing and transfer of your data as set out in this Privacy Policy.
GOVERNING LAW
This Privacy Statement forms part of our website
Terms of Use
.
FEEDBACK
We welcome comments about this Privacy Statement. If you have any questions about this Statement or any part of our service, you may contact us by e-mailing
info.portland@dechra.com
.