Privacy Policy
​
Effective Date: July 22, 2019
This Privacy Policy describes the way in which Press Fire Games, Limited (“us” “we” and “our”) collects your personal data, why we do so, how we use your personal data, and the options available to you regarding such collection and use.
This Privacy Policy extends to our games, websites and related services (collectively, “the Service”). We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, but the newest version will always be available on our website,
www.battleprime.com
. If we plan on making any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to such change taking effect. It is your responsibility to review and understand this Privacy Policy, as may be updated from time to time. If you do not understand and agree to this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Service.  Your use of the Service will be subject to the then-current version of the Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US.
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues related to our collection and use of your personal data, we urge you to contact our service team for the most efficient response using the following information:
Title: Data Controller
Address: Arch. Makariou III, 195, 3006, Limassol, Cyprus
email:
data@battleprime.com
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT?
We collect the data that you provide to us. This may include:
Contact information (such as name and email address)
User account name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
We may automatically collect data about you including:
Data about your user account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, International Mobile Equipment Identity)
Data about your device, such as its device name, operating system, browser type, and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (please see our section below on Cookies)
General location data
GPS geo-location data (but only with your consent)
Data about your use of the Service, including but not limited to gameplay data and your interactions with other users while using the Service
In most cases, we also create a specific ID for you when you use the Service.
We may also collect the following kinds of data about you from our partners:
Data received whenever you link a third party tool with the Service
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Fraud protection data (such as game refund abuse or click fraud histories)
Data from platforms that our games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA?
We collect your data in order to deliver, and continually improve, the Services and our games to you.
To perform our end of the
Terms of Use
contract, it is necessary for us to process your data in order to:
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services that you request
Send you Service-related communications
In order to provide the Service to our users, we have a legitimate business interest to collect and process data necessary for:
Updating and developing user profiles
Developing and improving the Service and user experience
Managing our relationship with you
Providing social features included in the Service
Customizing your experience on the Service
Responding to your comments and questions and providing player support
Providing you Press Fire Games Limited offers in the Service, by email, and through other websites and services
Sending you information related to the Service and our games, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enabling you to communicate with other users
We have a legitimate business interest to process your data so that we can:
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Target, deliver, and improve the Service and our advertising
We use your data to show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as on other websites and services (including email).  You can find information with steps on how you can opt-out of personalized advertisements in the 'Your rights and options' below.
We are determined to keep the Service and our games fair and safe. Please review our
Terms of Use
to learn more.
In order to keep the Service and its social features secure, to combat fraud, and to ensure proper use of the Service, we have a legitimate interest to process data necessary for us to:
Analyze and police use of the Service and its community building features
Moderate chats and texts, whether automatically or manually
Act to prevent user fraud, cheats, and abuse
For each of the above, we may analyze, profile and segment all data that we collect.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as tracking your GPS location in order to invite you to participate in local events.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA?
We may share your data if we have first obtained your consent. Aside from us, others may access your data as follows:
OTHER PLAYERS AND USERS.
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
PRESS FIRE GAMES LIMITED PARTNERS.
We have partners who perform certain services for us such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention. These partners help us to provide the Service to you.  They may only process your data according to our instructions. Our efforts to eliminate fraud and abuse may require us to exchange data with other companies and organizations.
The Service may offer features from our partners, including social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. A list of these partners is available at
https://www.battleprime.com/partners
. Since these partners may have access to your data and because they operate under their own respective privacy policies, we strongly encourage you to carefully review each of their privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and processing practices.
​
GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES.
We may provide data to government authorities in order to comply with the law or as needed to protect the rights, property, or safety of Press Fire Games Limited, our players, or others.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS.
As the Service is worldwide, your data may therefore be transferred to servers around the globe. Because different jurisdictions often have varying data protection laws, we strive to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as set forth in this Policy. Safeguards that we and our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS.
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
Each of our promotional emails that we send to you will contain instructions that enable you to opt-out from receiving any of our future marketing communications.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android).
To opt-out of personalized in-game offers, you can use the options provided in the game settings.
You enjoy the following rights:
The right to be informed; we must make clear what data we are processing, why, and identify anyone with whom your data may be shared.
The rights of access and portability; upon your request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal data.
The right to rectification; you can have your data updated or corrected.
The right to request that your personal information is erased; u
nder certain circumstances, you can ask for your personal data to be deleted if it is no longer required for the purposes it was collected for, or if your consent to process it has been withdrawn, or if the personal data has been unlawfully processed.
You may request to remove your account and data on our game by contacting the Support Service.
You may delete your account by yourself right in the game:
​
Open "Settings".
Tap "Other" tab.
Tap "Delete account" button.
The right to restrict processing; you may request a temporary halt to our processing of your data, for example if you also ask to correct your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
The right to object; you can object to our further processing of your data which is inconsistent with the primary purpose for which it was collected, including profiling and direct marketing.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. In the unlikely event that a dispute arises between you and us with regard to our handling of your personal data, we will do our best to resolve it.  Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts.  If you are a resident of an EU member state, you have the right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES.
Press Fire Games Limited and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze your use, target advertisements to you, and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings but doing so may cause some parts of the Service to become inoperable.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA.
We strive to provide a secure and safe user experience.  In doing so, we continuously develop and implement new administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access and against the loss, misuse or alteration of your data.
We may retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with access to the Service. We may periodically anonymize or otherwise de-identify game accounts that we believe have been abandoned and we regularly review, de-identify, or purge stale data.
To the extent that you ask us to remove your personal data, we may still retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and to enforce our binding contracts.
AGE LIMITS.
According to our
Terms of Use
, the Service and our games are not available to anyone under the age of 13. We do not collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target online advertising to anyone that we know is under the age of 13. If you are under 13, do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data to us.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about anyone under the age of 13, we will delete that data as quickly as reasonably possible.  If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
HOME