Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
Facebook permissions asked by our Applications:
These Applications may ask some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with the User’s Facebook account and to retrieve information, including Personal Data, from it.
For more information about the following permissions, refer to the Facebook permissions documentation and to the Facebook privacy policy.
The permissions asked are the following:
Basic Information
By default, this includes certain User’s Data such as id, name, picture, gender, and their locale. Certain connections of the User, such as the Friends, are also available. If the user has made more of their data public, more information will be available.
App Notifications
Send notifications
Games and App Activity
Allows the app post and retrieve game achievement activity.
Publish App Activity
Allows the app to publish to the Open Graph using Built-in Actions, Achievements, Scores, or Custom Actions. The app can also publish other activity which is detailed in the Facebook’s Publishing Permissions document.
The following outlines our general privacy policy:
​
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
​
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us: contact@mekogames.com