Privacy Policy
Last Updated:  29 November 2024
This privacy notice sets out how Yoto Limited with company number 09542062 and registered address of 124 City Road, London, England, EC1V 2NX (
Yoto / we / us / our
) handles "personal information” or “
personal data
” that you provide to us or that we collect (personal data), when you visit our website or otherwise interact with us, including purchasing products from us and how we comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws.
If you do not agree with this notice, you should not access or use our website or app, otherwise interact with our business.
Yoto is a provider of screen-free speakers for children through the Yoto Player and Yoto Mini (
Yoto players
), allowing children to listen to hundreds of audio titles for all ages and stages. At Yoto, we believe it is important to be transparent about how we use your personal data.
We recognise the importance of protecting the privacy and security of the personal data we obtain from our consumers and their children, and other people we interact with as a business including our partners, educators and affiliates. This privacy notice describes how we collect, use, disclose, communicate and protect your personal data.
If you are a job applicant, you should view our applicant privacy notice (
which you can find here
). Yoto employees can find a privacy notice on our intranet site.
We may revise this privacy notice from time to time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated version on our website and mobile app (
App
) and indicate the date it was last updated. If we have your contact details, we will communicate substantial changes to you directly. Please be aware that it is your responsibility to review our privacy notice regularly and make sure you keep up to date with any changes.  This privacy notice was last updated on 29 November 2024.
Yoto player and device data
We take your privacy seriously, and only collect data from Yoto players and your devices for specific purposes. This includes records of the specific content you have played on the Yoto player or on other devices through the App (play logs) and records of how the Yoto player and Apps are being used (usage logs). We also gather information about a Yoto player’s “health”, including battery life and any error logs or technical faults that we can detect or read when the player is connected to the internet. We process this data for the following purposes:
Facilitating your use of our players
– we will use your data to provide your requested services, such as to help manage WiFi connectivity, manage storage and memory, support your use of App and website functionality and to enable the playing of requested audio content through the App or on a Yoto player.
Security, safety and product monitoring
– for example, so that we receive warnings relating to product health and can use this information to address technical faults in the Yoto player, including contacting you about defects we have detected. We particularly will gather usage logs if we are helping to diagnose an issue with your player.
Understanding our users
– we use aggregated and anonymised play logs and usage logs to allow us to understand and analyse our services, with a view to making improvements to our services and offering.
*
Personalising your marketing and services
– where you consent, we will use your data to tailor some of the marketing we send or display to you, and may offer you tailored services. You can give this consent through our App, and can withdraw this consent at any time through your App settings. If you do not give your consent, then we will not use your Yoto player or device data to personalise marketing or services directed to you. A family member who does consent to personalisation will have play logs and usage logs from your shared Yoto players tied to their account for tailored marketing and services, but this will never be used to change our handling of your own account without your consent.
**Children's data**
Yoto players are designed for children’s use, and we understand that you may use the App to play content for children through your Yoto players or other compatible devices. However, we have minimised the amount of personal data collected from children under 18 and put you, the parent, in control.
We may process your child's personal data in the following scenarios:
Yoto player data
– we collect play logs, usage logs, and Yoto player’s “health” information (such as battery life and error logs) from our Yoto players for various purposes, including for personalising the Yoto experience and to understand our users. For the definitions of “play logs” and “usage logs” see above. We use this data for similar purposes as we do when we collect such information from adults, including to facilitate the use of the Yoto players (for it to function and play audio content), for security, safety, and product monitoring (including notifying parents of errors with the player), for understanding our user (including to improve the services), and to personalise the services and market towards parents (including using play logs to suggest audio content that we believe parents may want to purchase or use). If a child is using the Yoto player, then their usage of the player will be captured by these logs. To the extent we collect data from anyone using the Yoto players, we link this data to adult Yoto accounts connected to that player.
Where it is provided by you as an adult Yoto account holder
– for example, if you record your child’s voice, if you name a player or playlist after your child, or if you share their information, such as photos or voice recordings, as part of competition entries or Yoto Daily submissions through your Yoto Space account, we may collect and process the data you provide. We use this information to allow you to name a Yoto player, name playlists, as well as to publicly share your child’s voice recordings or other information, such as publicly sharing your child’s story on our website.
We’ve created a dedicated webpage that explains how we follow the UK Children’s Code, available here. We also have a supplementary privacy notice covering just our processing of children's data in child-friendly language here, which you can use to explain to your child how their data gets shared with Yoto.
Orders, account creation, Yoto Space and Yoto Club membership are restricted to parents or guardians (you or your). If we determine that a child under 18 has registered as a Yoto Club member or created a Yoto account, we will immediately cancel that membership and/or close the account.
If you are in the US, for further information on audio uploaded by you please refer to our Audio Recording Notice.
Cookies and direct marketing
When you browse our website, we collect data about your visit using cookies. We also use other types of tracking technology like software development kits (
SDKs
) when you use our App. You can learn more about this
here
.
We only ever send direct marketing communications, or personalise those communications, if you’ve consented to us doing those things. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link visible in every marketing message we send; or by emailing us at
privacy@yotoplay.com
. You can change your personalisation settings at any time through your App settings.
Our contact details
Yoto is the controller of your personal data. You can contact us as follows:
Yoto Limited
124 City London
EC1V 2NX
privacy@yotoplay.com
Click on the relevant section below to learn more about how we use your data when:
Creating your account and using our services
Creating your account and using our services
To access the App, create a connection between a Yoto player and the App, access your digital library, or access Yoto Space, you will need to create a Yoto account (either on our website or on the App). In addition, if you become a Yoto Club member, we will collect your details so you can set up your Yoto Club account.
We process your personal data to facilitate our provision of these services to you, including so you can see in the App which WiFi network your player is connected to, for network visibility, to manage storage and memory, and to enable the playing of audio content. We may also need to communicate with you, send you service notifications (including on device alerts) for administrative or for customer service purposes, such as providing updates on our terms or expiry of your credits.
We collect:
Your name, address, email, phone number, device nickname, records of the audio played on the Yoto player, when it was played and how many times it was played (play logs) and records of how the Yoto player is being used, for example battery status (charge and percentage), WiFi status (whether the Player is connected to a WiFi network and, if it is, the signal strength and WiFi network name), memory (RAM), storage (space SD card), device temperature, and crash logs (together, usage logs), and the specific Yoto players associated with these play logs and usage logs, details of your purchases, digital subscriptions and downloaded content.
Our lawful basis for collection:
Necessary for the performance of the contract we have with you for the provision of our services.
Data sharing with third parties:
We share this data with third parties who host our website, provide services that help us manage our user accounts, and who help make our App work, and who manage our customer service channels.
You create a Yoto Account
When you create a Yoto Account
In order to access the App, create a connection between a Player and the App, or access the library, you will need to create a Yoto account. You will need to provide the same email address for your Yoto account and Shopify account to enable us to add your purchases to your Yoto account
We collect: Your email address and a password created by you. After registering, you’ll receive an email asking you to verify your account. We use security measures to make sure we can’t see the plain text of the password you create.
You are required to provide us with these data to create a Yoto Account, except for the following data which are optional: telephone number.
We collect those data to handle your account and thus to enable you to access the App, create a connection between a Player and the App, or access the library
Our lawful basis: Under data protection law, we need to tell you the lawful basis we use to process your personal data in this way. Our lawful basis is: to perform, and take steps to enter into, a contract with you.
We also wanted to tell you:
We also collect technical data using cookies on our website. For non-essential cookies, we will ask for your consent, which you can find out more about by clicking
here
.
We are based in the United Kingdom, but the providers we use to process your order are based around the world. Click
here
to see a list of these providers, and how we protect your data when we work with them. Your personal information will be treated in accordance with the laws of these other jurisdictions.
Information related to your Yoto account will be deleted 2 years after your account has become inactive, except for your order history which is deleted after 6 years. We’ll reach out to you by email before we delete your account data, explaining how you can ask us not to delete your data.
You have a suite of rights over how your data is used, we’ve set them out
here
.
If you notify us or we otherwise determine that a child under sixteen has been improperly registered for a Yoto Account, we will cancel the child's account and delete the child's personal information from our records.
You or a child use our Yoto Player or our App
The Yoto Player is deliberately designed to collect minimal data. When you use the Yoto Player or the Yoto App we collect usage data, as detailed below, to improve the Player and the App, and to troubleshoot.
You are obliged to provide us with such data to use the Yoto Player or Yoto App, except for the following data that are optional: telephone number.
The legal basis for processing your data for the purpose of improving the Player and the Application is our legitimate interest to improve our services.
The legal basis for processing your data for problem solving purposes is the execution of the contract signed between us.
Certain usage data (as defined below) is also used to help us improve our business. 
The legal basis for processing your data for the purpose of improving our activity is our legitimate interest to improve our services.
To ensure we do this in a way which respects children’s privacy and your privacy, usage data we collect is anonymised and aggregated to form analytics data. Analytics data does not contain personal data and cannot be linked back to children or to you.
When you use the Yoto Player
When you use the Yoto Player, we collect the following usage data to help us improve the Player: to allow us to manage storage and cache, the audio being played, when it was played and how many times it was played, system performance of the player (such as how much memory you have left).
Whether the Player is connected to a WiFi network and, if it is, the signal strength and WiFi network name. We collect this so you can see in the App which WiFi network your Player is connected to, and for troubleshooting.
We also collect error logs which we store for a period of 30 days to help us diagnose and fix any bugs.
When you use the Yoto App
Our App enables you to explore free audio, sleep sounds, kid-friendly podcasts and radio from around the world. You can also record your own story and link it to a card to play on Yoto Player, or share it with friends and family.
We may send you notifications such as alerts, sounds, and icon badges.
Our App allows you or your child to record stories or other audio content.  When you create and upload content from the App to make a playlist you can use the App to link it to a Make Your Own card in your Yoto player.
If you use the App to record your own audio content, or allow your child to record their own audio content, to play back on your Yoto Player, that local recording is stored on our servers as a playlist, but we cannot access or listen to the playlist. You can delete these playlist at any time, or you can ask us to delete them for you. It is your choice whether your child records an audio recording on the App and who it is shared with. Yoto has no control over the personal information your child may record.  Therefore, we encourage you to review any audio recordings your child may record and who it is shared with. For further information please refer to our
Audio Recording Notice
.
If you use the App to record your own content to play back on your Yoto Player, the recording is stored on our servers but we cannot access or hear them. You can delete these recordings at any time, or you can ask us to delete them for you, and we’ll be happy to help.
To help us understand how you use our App, when you use our App, we collect how long you spend using the App and which version of the App you’re running. This data isn’t linked to your user account.
To help us understand how you use our App, we also collect information about the audio you’ve played, when it was played, and how many times it was played.
We also collect error logs which we store for a period of 30 days to help us diagnose and fix any bugs.
You become a Yoto Club Member
When you become a Yoto Club member
We collect: Your name, address, email, phone number and payment details. We may also require your shipping information if we need to deliver something to you. Our security measures mean we never see your payment details, which are passed straight to our secure payment processor. You are obliged to provide us with such data to become a Yoto Club member, except for the following data that are optional: telephone number.
We collect this data to process your subscription to Yoto Club.
Our lawful basis:  Under data protection law, we need to tell you the lawful basis we use to process your personal data in this way. Our lawful basis is: to perform, and take steps to enter into, a contract with you.
We also wanted to tell you:
We also collect technical data using cookies on our website. For non-essential cookies, we will ask for your consent, which you can find out more about by clicking
here
.
We are based in the United Kingdom, but the providers we use to process your order are based around the world. Click
here
to see a list of these providers, and how we protect your data when we work with them. Your personal information will be treated in accordance with the laws of these other jurisdictions
We delete your order information 6 years after your last order with us. Other information related to your Yoto account will be deleted 2 years after your account has become inactive. We’ll reach out to you by email before we delete your account data, explaining how you can ask us not to delete your data.
You have a suite of rights over how your data is used, we’ve set them out
here
.
Who do we share your data with?
Yoto will never sell your personal data.
We use third parties to help us run our business, and we've described below the third parties we work with when:
You use our website: We work with cookies providers who help us understand how our website is used. These are listed in our cookies policy
here
. 
We also work with third parties to host our website, run our online store and help us provide customer service. We only share your personal data with these providers as we need to deliver what you've asked us to, whether that's an online order you've made, or responding to a customer service query.
You use our app: We use IT service providers to help make our App work. Yoto has visibility on, the items you've purchased and the content you play that streams to the App.
You use our player: We use third parties to help us understand how our player is used, and how to improve it. These third parties help us understand what content is being played and how your device is performing, so we can (for example) make sure your frequently played content is saved to your player, and you don't have to download it every time. These third parties also enable us to troubleshoot your device if you need us to. We never collect data from the player that could enable us to identify your children, and if we ever discover that someone under 16 has created an account with us or can be identified by the data we collect, we will delete that data immediately.
Regulators, authorities and enforcement agencies: if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with a legal obligation, to enforce our terms or any other agreements, or to protect our business against fraud and credit risks.
To keep our privacy policy short and easy to understand, we haven’t set out every single supplier we work with. Whenever we transfer your personal information outside of the UK and the EU, we ensure it receives additional protection as required by law. If you have any specific questions please get in touch
here
. We’ll be happy to help.
Cookies and Tracking
See our
cookie list
Safeguards and Retention
Safeguards and retaining your information
We take all reasonable steps to protect the security and confidentiality of your personal information. We protect the personal information within our custody or control with appropriate organisational, technological and physical safeguards.
We only retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. When we no longer are required to retain the information, we will destroy, erase, or de-identify the information. Legal requirements however, may require us to retain some or all of the personal information we hold for a period of time that is longer than that for which we might otherwise hold.
More information is provided for each use of your data in this policy.
What are my rights?
You have various rights under data protection law – please note, privacy law is complicated and these rights will not always be available to you all of the time. If you wish to exercise these rights or have any questions, the easiest way for you to do this is likely to be by contacting us at
privacy@yotoplay.com
.
Access: You have the right to access your personal data and obtain a copy of it
Erasure: You can ask us to erase the personal data we hold about you
Restrict: You can ask us to restrict our handling of your personal data
Portability: You can ask us to transfer your personal data to a third party
Object: You can object to how we are using your personal data
Complain: You always have the right to lodge a complaint with us or the Information Commissioner’s Office, the supervisory authority for data protection issues in England and Wales.
If you are based outside of England and Wales, you can find your relevant supervisory authority
here
. Privacy law is complicated; these rights will not always be available to you all of the time.