Privacy Policy
Platfarm Inc. (the "Company") collects, uses and provides personal information based on the user's consent,
'We actively guarantee the rights of users (personal information self-determination).' The Company complies with the relevant laws, regulations, and guidelines of the Republic of Korea to be complied with by the providers of information and communication services. "Personal Information Processing Policy" means the guidelines that the company must adhere to so that users can safely use the service by protecting their valuable personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to the challa NEON.


Collecting personal information
We collect the minimum amount of personal information we need to provide our services.

Our apps may use Firebase Analytics, Firebase Crash Reports specifically, to help improve the quality of our apps, including via identifiers for mobile devices, cookies and similar technologies. And our app uses advertising tracking tools for smartphone apps provided by AppsFlyer, Facebook, Google Admob, Google AdWords.


Here's how to collect your personal information
When collecting personal information, we must notify the user in advance and seek consent, and collect personal information through the following methods.
When a user agrees to collect personal information and enters information directly in the course of membership and service use.
Personal information required for payment at settlement.
Web page during consultation process through customer center and e-mail, etc.


Use of personal information
It is used for membership management, service provision and improvement, and new service development.
At the time of signing up for membership or using the service, we collect the minimum personal information necessary for providing the service through the homepage or individual applications or programs.

Develop new services, provide various services, process inquiries or complaints, and deliver announcements.
When using paid service, transfer of contents, settlement of payments.
Preventing and sanctioning acts that interfere with the smooth operation of services (including the theft of accounts and illegal use).
Use for event/event participation, marketing, and advertising.
Voice command recognition and personalization service.
Statistics on service use history, access frequency, and service utilization, the establishment of service environment in terms of privacy protection, provision of customized service, utilization of service improvement.


Providing personal information Platfarm will not provide your personal information to any third party unless you have your consent or the law provides.


Destruction of personal information
Personal information will be destroyed without delay when the purpose of collection and use is achieved. Procedures and methods are as follows.

What is our privacy policy?
For any inquiries, complaints, advice, or any other information related to the use of the service, please contact the person in charge of personal information protection and the relevant department. We will do our best to listen to your voice and give you a quick and sufficient response.

Manager: Bae Seung Hyun
Department: Privacy Department
Contact: mojitok@platfarm.net


If our privacy policy changes
You may modify your privacy policy for purposes of reflecting changes in law or services. If the privacy policy changes, the Platfarm publishes the changes, and the modified privacy policy takes effect on the date of posting. However, we will notify you at least 30 days in advance of any significant change in the user's rights, such as changes in the items of personal information collected or the purpose of use.


Last Updated: April 10th, 2019