Home page
MY ACCOUNTS
log in
log in
Subscribe
become a client
PRACTICAL
Simulators
Currency rates
Stock rates
Commission Booklet
Tarification des principales opérations bancaires
CONTACT & HELP
Contact us
customer service center
Frequently Asked Questions
Tutorial
USEFUL INFORMATION
Our B.P / Chaabi Cash agencies
Our offers
Remote Banking Agreement
Pricing conditions
Conditions Général Pocket Bank
Confidentialité Pocket Bank
Guide de la mobilité bancaire
L’affiche réclamation client
La Brochure CMMB
Politique de protection des données personnelles
SECURITY
Risks
Solutions
Frequently Asked Questions
Good practices
La fonctionnalité demandée sera bientôt disponible.
La fonctionnalité demandée sera bientôt disponible.
Security
Risks
Solutions
Questions / Answers
Good practices
Risques internet
mieux les connaître
pour mieux s'en protéger
Phishing is a technique used by scammers to access personal information in an identity theft scheme. The technique consists of making the victim believe that she is talking to a trusted third party - bank, government, etc. - in order to obtain personal information such as passwords, credit card numbers, date of birth, etc. It is a form of computer attack based on social engineering (information security). Phishing can be carried out by e-mail, fake websites or other electronic means.
A "mule" is the name given to a person used to transport illicit materials: explosives, weapons, drugs, sometimes without their knowledge.
On the Internet, mules are ""recruited"" by e-mail to ""transport money"" for a fee. To recruit it, the pirate abuses an Internet user who thus becomes an accomplice in a fraud (theft, embezzlement or money laundering) punishable by law.
Pharming is a hacking technique that exploits DNS vulnerabilities. This technique consists in hijacking access to a website to a hacker website. The URL is correct, but the Internet user is on a fake website. Confidential information is then seized by the hacker.
Spam or junk mail is unsolicited electronic communication, primarily via e-mail. It generally involves sending large quantities of e-mails for advertising purposes.
Phishing and hoaxes partly use this technique.
Like spam, a scam is an e-mail that you never asked to receive and that usually offers you a quick and easy way to win money (lottery, stock market, etc.) or that asks for your sympathy.
In some cases, the scam may involve turning you into a mule. But beware, you become an accomplice of the pirate and his malpractices and you risk a lot.
Hoaxes often take the form of an e-mail or a chain letter. In the latter case, the Internet only amplifies a phenomenon that already existed through traditional mail. Unlike spam, which is usually sent automatically to a list of recipients, hoaxes are relayed manually by bona fide individuals who are asked to forward the message to everyone they know, or to a specific e-mail address.
A computer virus is malicious software designed to spread to other computers by inserting itself into legitimate programs called "hosts". It can affect the functioning of the infected computer to varying degrees of severity. It can spread through any means of exchanging digital data such as computer networks and CD-ROMs, USB sticks, etc. It can also spread through any other means of digital data exchange.
Spyware is malicious software that installs itself on a computer with the aim of collecting and transferring information about the environment in which it is installed, very often without the user's knowledge. The growth of this type of software is associated with the growth of the Internet as a means of data transmission.
A Trojan horse is a legitimate-looking piece of software designed to surreptitiously (covertly) execute actions without the user's knowledge. In general, a Trojan horse attempts to use the rights belonging to its environment to hijack, spread or destroy information, or to open a backdoor that enables an attacker to remotely take control of the computer.
 Windows Live Messenger, the downloading of free programs and the sharing of programs or other files are the main sources of Trojan horses. They are also very common in certain types of e-mail.
When using the services of a website, information is often personal (e-mail, last) name, first name, login, password, credit card No., etc.).
To be sure to communicate safely with your banking or online shopping website, a few precautions and verifications are necessary. Refer to our "Best Practices" section.
The website
https://bpnet.gbp.ma/
is an exclusive property of the Banque Centrale Populaire.
A. Identity
Publisher's corporate name: Banque Centrale Populaire.
Company status: Public limited company with a Board of Directors and a Capital of 2,022,546,560 DH, governed by Dahir n° 1.00.70 of October 17, 2000 (law n° 12-96).
Registered address: Casa 28173.
Head Quarters: Banque Centrale Populaire- 101, boulevard Mohamed Zerktouni - BP 10.622 - 20100- Casablanca.
Legal Representative: Mr. Mohamed Karim MOUNIR, Chairman and CEO of the Banque Centrale Populaire and Chairman of the Management Committee of Crédit Populaire du Maroc (CPM).
B. Professional rules
The Banque Centrale Populaire is a credit institution under Moroccan law governed by Dahir No. 1.00.70 of October 17, 2000 (Law No. 12-96) and approved by decision of the Governor of Bank Al-Maghrib No. 28 of 17 Kaada 1431 (October 25, 2010), whose headquarter is located at 101, Bd Mohamed Zerktouni, Casablanca, registered in the Casablanca Trade Register under number 28173.
The platform
https://bpnet.gbp.ma/
- (CHAABI NET) - is a transactional service of remote banking that enables the individual, professional or corporate subscriber to access their accounts and perform a range of banking transactions independently, confidentially and securely, whether in Morocco or abroad.
C. Use of cookies
A cookie is a piece of information deposited on your hard drive (Computer, Smartphone, Tablet...), as files, by the server of the website you are browsing.
It contains several data:
- the name of the server that deposited it;
- a unique identification number;
- possibly an expiration date...
The website
https://bpnet.gbp.ma/
may use cookies and, thus, store files on your device allowing easy access to the services offered.
Under no circumstances will cookies from the site
https://bpnet.gbp.ma/
will not be used to collect personal data without your explicit consent. This information will not be transmitted beyond the Banque Populaire Group and its partners. Nor will it be used in the context of unsolicited communication campaigns. In accordance with the regulations, we must inform you that you may oppose the storage of these cookies by configuring your device depending on the versions of the web browsers you use. To do so, please refer to the help sections of your browsers.
D. General conditions
Clients can access the information made available to them via the website
https://bpnet.gbp.ma/
whose navigation is subject to the applicable rules and regulations and to the present conditions of access and use.
Clients agree to the following rules:
1. Terms of access and use:
Subscription management:
Non-subscribing Clients can launch their application online through the CHAABI NET website, safely and without the need to go to a agency. Applications will be validated at the agency holding the account.
Membership is initiated at a Banque Populaire ATM and completed on the Chaabi Net website under the "Subscribe " section.
Subscription requires: A valid credit card, a valid e-mail address and a valid mobile phone No.
The subscription will be approved by the agency only after receipt of the contract signed and scanned by the client. No presence in the agency is required.
The subscription application includes Chaabi Net and Chaabi Mobile.  
The subscription will allow Banque Populaire Clients to access the Chaabi Net and Pocket Bank services free of charge.
You will have access to a wide range of useful information 24 / 7 with a simple click".
CONSULTATIONS:
The CHAABI NET platform enables you to consult and carry out certain tasks related to the client's account, namely:
- Viewing the savings and checking account summary 24 / 7;
- Viewing the record of transactions for the last 3 months;
- Edition of the Banking Identity Statement (RIB);
- Access to 10 years of bank document archives (account statements, transaction notices, amortization schedules, etc.);
- Viewing the history of transactions carried out by electronic payment cards during of the last six months;
- Follow-up of loans and the list of unpaid bills;
- Viewing the securities portfolio, the order book and the history of securities movements;
- Edition of support contracts and follow-up of repayment files;
- Loans simulations;
- Value and currency rates;
- Commission book.
OPERATIONS:
The client can also launch the following operations through the CHAABI NET platform:
- Provision of cash to the entire Banque Populaire network;
- Account to account transfer;
- Bill and internet purchase payments;
- Purchase code request on the internet;
- Ordering means of payment ;
- Oppose payment cards;
- Beneficiary management;
- Customization of Chaabi Net services;
- Setting alerts, mail and SMS;
- Management of bank documents' mailing.
E-MAILING:
The client receives automatically on his e-mail address and at his request, the following information:
- The statement and the balance of his accounts;
- The unpaid loan deadlines;
- The transfers authorized but not executed;
- Unpaid checks;
- Unpaid direct debits.
2. Warnings:
Banque Populaire declines all responsibility for the website's content and any use that may be made of it by the client.
Any client seeking to purchase a product or service described in the website must contact his Banque Populaire agency to inquire about its availability, contractual conditions and applicable fares.
Any website's visitor is deemed to accept the application of Moroccan laws and the attribution of jurisdiction to the Moroccan courts.
We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of messages that you may send to us and which transit through an open telecommunications network. For all confidential messages, please directly address your Banque Populaire agency. Under no circumstances can Banque Populaire accept to receive, via messages, instructions to carry out a banking or financial transactions that recquire a written and signed authorization from the client, except for the transactions mentioned above for which the client has already subscribed.
Website users acknowledge that they have the skills and means necessary to access and use this website.
3. Security and processing of personal data
In compliance with the provisions of Law No. 09-08 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data, the Client gives consent to the Bank to process the personal data collected with reference to the decision of the National Commission for the Control of Personal Data Protection (CNDP) on the keeping of client accounts and the management of related transactions.
Furthermore, the client consents to the communication of his/her personal data to the Central Bank, the regional Banques Populaires, the bank's subsidiaries, its subcontractors, other account-keeping institutions for fund transfers, intermediaries for the execution of certain banking transactions, competent or authorized supervisory authorities, information centres, duly authorized insurance companies and brokers, authorized beneficiaries, guardians and authorized agents.
The personal data collected may be transferred abroad in the course of various operations. This transfer must be authorized in advance by the CNDP in accordance with Articles 43 and 44 of Law 09-08.
The client, proving his identity and in accordance with Law 09-08, has a right of access his personal data, a right to rectify them and a right to oppose, for legitimate reasons, the processing of his data. To exercise your rights you can contact the agency managing your account.
This processing has been authorized by the CNDP under No. A-GC-220/2014.
Pursuant to the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation applicable to customers located in the territory of the European Union
As part of its contractual relationship with the Customer, the Bank collects, uses and stores personal data concerning the Customer (“Personal Data”). These data are used in various processing operations which are governed by the principles set out below:
Data controller: the data controller is BCP, whose head office is located at 101 boulevard Zektouni - BP 10622 - 20100 Casablanca.
Categories of data – legal basis: the Bank only processes Personal Data necessary or useful for the execution of this Account Agreement, for compliance with its legal or regulatory obligations or for its legitimate interests. The provision of these Personal Data is compulsory and may condition the conclusion of the framework agreement between the Bank and Customers using the electronic platform for negotiating foreign exchange transactions, modify the nature of the contractual relations, or influence the management of contractual relations.
Purposes of the processing carried out: the purpose of processing corresponds to the objective, the need it meets for the data controller. Personal Data collected under this agreement and those collected throughout its execution are subject to computerised processing or other means for the following purposes:
- Management of the banking relationship including the management of account(s) and the control of banking transactions, the prevention of unpaid debts, the collection or assignment of receivables and the management of payment incidents, the control of the quality of the service and the updating of this information;
- Execution of Customers' orders and transactions;
- Prospecting and carrying out commercial solicitations relating to products and services similar to those already provided to the Customer promoted by BCP or by other entities belonging to the group of which the Bank is a member;
- Service personalisation;
- Staff training through the use of real situations for illustrative purposes, including the recording of certain telephone calls;
- Monitoring BCP activities;
- Carrying out studies, models and statistics;
- Ensuring the security of computer networks and transactions as well as the use of international payment networks;
- Accounting operations, financial management;
- Compliance with legal, regulatory and banking obligations.
The Customer expressly authorises the Bank to use their contact details for prospecting purposes and to carry out commercial solicitations relating to products and services similar to those already provided to the Customer promoted by BCP or by other entities belonging to the group of which the Bank is a member.
Recipients of Personal Data: by express agreement and by derogation from banking secrecy, the Bank is authorised by the Customer to communicate their personal data:
- To its employees, to entities belonging to the group of which BCP is part, as well as to their employees within the limits of their authorisations;
- To providers, subcontractors, intermediaries and partners of the Bank (in particular Bank Al Maghrib or GPBM) or any delegate appointed by them, for the performance of tasks relating to the purposes described above;
- To the entities of the Group, of which BCP, the Central Bank, the Banque Populaire regional banks and the Bank's subsidiaries, for the presentation of similar products and services managed by these entities as well as in the event of pooling of resources or groupings of companies;
- To authorised third parties, regulated professions, public bodies, administrative or judicial authorities and authorised supervisory authorities in order to meet legal, regulatory and banking obligations.
Data transfer: your personal data collected may be transferred to a country located within the European Union, as well as to a country located outside the European Union, subject to having provided appropriate guarantees in accordance with the legislation in force.
Retention period: the retention period of these personal data by Banque Populaire, as data controller, complies with the regulations in force.
Exercise of rights: in accordance with the regulations in force, the Customer has a right of access, rectification, erasure, limitation of processing, as well as the right to the portability of data concerning them.
The Customer may, for reasons relating to their situation, raise an objection to the processing of data concerning them. They can thus at any time, oppose their Personal Data being used for purposes of commercial prospecting, without having to justify this request.
To exercise their rights, the Customer sends a dated and signed letter accompanied by proof of identity to the address of the branch managing their account in Morocco.
Finally, the Customer may lodge an appeal with the competent courts, without prejudice to their right to submit a complaint to the competent Supervisory Authority (for example the CNIL in France – www.cnil.fr, the CNDP in Morocco – www .cndp.ma) if they consider themselves to be the victim of a violation of the regulations relating to the protection of Personal Data.
4. Intellectual Property:
"The presentation and content of this website, of which Banque Populaire is the owner, are protected by applicable intellectual property laws. No reproduction and/or representation, partial or complete, may be made without the prior written consent of the Banque Centrale Populaire.
The name Banque Centrale Populaire, its logo, the name of the products in its range and the slogans are, unless otherwise indicated, registered trademarks of Banque Centrale Populaire.
The drawings, photographs, images, texts, animated sequences with or without sound, and other documentation represented in this website are subject to industrial and/or intellectual property rights and are, depending on the case, the property of Banque Populaire or of third parties who have authorized Banque Populaire to use them. As such, any reproduction, representation, adaptation, translation and/or transformation, in whole or in part, or transfer to another website is prohibited.
The reproduction of any documents published on the website is only authorized for the exclusive purpose of information for personal and private use, provided that the copyright or other mentions relating to intellectual or industrial property rights are not removed. This private use does not grant any right whatsoever on these documents.
Their partial or complete reproduction, without the prior written consent of Banque Populaire, is strictly prohibited.
Furthermore, any reproduction, transmission, use of the Banque Populaire website for public or commercial purposes, or any creation of links related to it, without the prior written consent of Banque Populaire is strictly prohibited.
5. Hypertext Links:
"Banque Populaire" declines all responsibility for the use and content of links external to its own website; logging in to another website by means of a hypertext link is the personal choice of the user, and is operated under the latter's sole responsibility.
The user must take all precautions to ensure that the website accessed through the hyperlink does not contain any viruses.
In general, Banque Populaire cannot be held responsible for any direct or indirect damage suffered by the user as a result of the use of this website.
6. Communication:
The content of messages or documents transmitted to Banque Populaire via e-mail or any other medium through the website, including data, questions, comments, suggestions or any other communication of this kind, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary content and therefore deemed freely usable by Banque Populaire, its Regional Banques Populaires and its subsidiaries or affiliates, including, without limitation, for the purposes of reproduction, communication, transmission, publication, distribution and mailing. Furthermore, Banque Populaire is free to reuse, for development, production, marketing or other purposes, any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in messages, regardless of the subject matter, that you may have sent through the website.
7. No warranties:
Banque Populaire makes no warranties, neither explicit nor implicit (including, but not limited to, implied warranties of ownership or non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) for the accessibility, accuracy, reliability, updating or content of these pages. In no event shall Banque Populaire be held responsible for any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, loss of profits or business interruption, resulting from decisions made on the basis of the content of these pages, or from the use or inability to use this service, even if Banque Populaire has been notified of the possibility of such damages. Banque Populaire cannot, under any circumstances, be held responsible for decisions taken in the light of the content of these pages.
8. Pricing:
Access to the website
https://bpnet.gbp.ma/
is reserved for Clients with a subscription to this service in compliance with current pricing, excluding Internet service providers and the costs of phone calls that are billed directly by the operators.
The services offered by
https://bpnet.gbp.ma/
are subject to fees and commissions. The client has a Repertoire on the website enabling him to find out about the said fees and commissions.
9. Legal and applicable law:
The Commercial Court of Casablanca represents the only legal entity which, by applying Moroccan law, can rule on any dispute concerning the interpretation or execution of the legal notices and general conditions of use as presented on the website.
https://bpnet.gbp.ma/
.
The requested feature will be available soon.
SECTION CHOICE
Dashboard
My accounts
Cards
Payments & Transfers
Loans
Insurance & support
Stock Exchange
Simulators
Contact us
Cette rubrique ne contient pas encore un tutoriel.....