Privacy policy
Effective date: May 20th, 2023
Drinker’s Helper, LLC (“our,” “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use and distribute information through our application, website, and related services (together, the “Services”).
When you use the Services you accept and agree to both the Terms and Conditions and to the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to be bound to the Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Services immediately. By accessing and using our Services you affirm that you have read the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy and that you understand, agree and acknowledge to all the terms contained in both of them.
1.
Consent
By using the Services, you consent to the use of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information will not be used for any other purpose without your consent.
2.
Collection of information
To let us operate the Services effectively and to let you use the Services, we have to collect and use some information from you (the "Information"). The different types of Information we collect and how we intend to use them are detailed below.
1.     Personal Information:
If you contact Drinker’s Helper for customer service or another purpose, we will require your email address to be able to respond to your inquiry. If you use the app, we will require your gender in order to be able to provide the corresponding guidance on low risk drinking limits.
2.     Log Data:
When you use the Services, servers of third party services automatically record information that your mobile device sends ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include, but is not limited to, information such as your device, actions that you take, and other statistics. We may use this information, either by itself or in conjunction with other information, to monitor, analyze and improve the use and functionality of the Services, the Services’ technical operation and the match of the Services functionality to your needs and preferences. If you allow Tracking by the app, we may also use this information and your anonymous advertising identifier to allow us to advertise the Services to people similar to our app users, and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns.
3.     Session Data:
While using the Services, you will likely send messages containing text in the Drinker’s Helper app. This Session Data may be used, either by itself or in conjunction with other information, for the following purposes:
1.     Supervise, administer and monitor the Services
2.     Address malicious use of the services
4.     Testimonials:
If you write a review of the app, or write an email to us praising the app, we may use your testimonial in a de-identified, anonymous way in marketing materials.
5.     Strategies & benefits:
For all users who have Community Insights enabled, we may share their strategies and benefits anonymously with other members. Community Insights is enabled by default but may be disabled at any time, and once it is disabled, no further strategies or benefits will be shared with the community.
6.     Crash Information:
If you run into technical errors in the course of using the Services, we may request details that help us to diagnose and fix the problem. Such Crash Information may include information regarding your Operating System version, hardware, browser version (and .NET version information in case of Windows systems), and your email address, if provided.
7.     Cookies and web beacons:
As you use our Services, we may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons. Such Information may include standard information regarding your mobile device, browser type, browser language, Operating System, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on our web site (such as the web pages viewed and the links clicked) or while using the Services. We may use this Analytics Information in a de-identified, anonymous way in conjunction with an analytics service such as Google Analytics to monitor and analyze use of the Services, for the Services’ technical administration, and to increase the Services’ functionality and user-friendliness. We may also use this information to allow us to advertise the Services to people similar to our website visitors.
3.
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information
We may share aggregated information that does not include any Personal Information with third parties for any purpose, including but not limited to industry analysis, research, business transactions and public relations.
4.
Links
The Services may contain links to other websites, services or offers which are owned, operated or maintained by third parties. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third website or service. The fact that we link to a website or service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not have control over third party websites and services and we do not have control over their privacy policies and terms of use.
5.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 21 or knowingly allow such persons to become users. The Services are not directed and not intended to be used by anyone under the age of 21. If you're aware that we have collected Personal Information from anyone under age 21 please let us know by contacting us and we will delete that information.
6.
International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, we may transfer Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. If you are located in the United States and choose to provide information to us, we may also transfer some Personal Information outside of the US and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to such transfers.
7.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information, including Personal Information, to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of ourselves or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. We may disclose information, including Personal Information, to take precautions against liability. You should also be aware that Providers may be obliged to disclose information to law enforcement or other authorities to conform to their professional and legal responsibilities.
8.
Transfer of Business
We may sell the company in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, joint venture, reorganization or sale of assets. Such a transaction would be covered by a confidentiality agreement. Outside such a context, we will not sell your information.
9.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, to perform certain tasks which are related to the Services or to provide audit, legal, operational or other services for us. These tasks include, but not limited to, customer service, advertising, technical maintenance, monitoring, email management and communication, database management, billing and payment processing, reporting and analytics. When needed we may disclose information, including Personal Information, to such third parties but we will try to limit the Personal Information disclosed to the minimum necessary to perform their task.
10.
Data Retention
We will keep your Personal Information for as long as it remains necessary for the identified purpose or as required by law, which may extend beyond the termination of our relationship with you. We may retain certain data as necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally-identifiable data, or account recovery. All retained Personal Information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please note that if you request that your Personal Information be removed from our databases, it may not be possible to completely delete all of your Personal Information due to technological or legal constraints.
11.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding your information. The security of your Personal Information is very important to us. Therefore, we employ measures to protect this information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. However, the confidentiality of any communication transmitted through the Services or stored with us cannot be guaranteed against all malicious attacks. Please remember that no method of electronic transmission over the Internet or method of storage can be 100% secure. You acknowledge and agree that you share and transmit the information at your own risk. If you have reason to believe that there has been a breach of security, you must notify us immediately.
12.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy statement at our sole discretion. The date of the last revision of this policy appears at the top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy policy and practices.
13.
Contacting us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy-related practices, please contact us
here
.