Privacy Policy
​
Viatom’s Privacy Policy explains how we process your Personal data when you use our Products and Services. In addition, the following applies to your use of Viatom Products and Services ("Product(s) and Service(s)")
The Products and Services are composed of various software applications (including mobile applications, web Applications, PC software), cloud based Services and Products that gather, store and process data to provide you insights and Services to help you lead a healthier life.
What Information do we collect and when?
When you are using Viatom Products and Services, we may need to collect data to provide you the Service as described in the Viatom’s Privacy Policy. As transparency and easy access are key factors for us, we have created this list of pictograms so that you can easily identify what Personal data is processed in the following scenarios.
Identity data means the data which can directly identify you. They include, among others, your email address, birth date, name, surname, phone number, delivery address, IP address, videos and pictures of you.
Activity data means data which correspond to a measurement of your physical/sports activities. They include, among others and depending on your Product, your number of steps, number of calories burned, type of activity, activity session time, sleep time.
Body metrics data means data which correspond to an accurate measurement of your physical features and your body activity. They include, among others and depending on your Product, your weight, fat, heart rate, SpO2, breathing rate, blood pressure, body temperature.
Cookies – technical features mean data, not directly identifying you, which allows you to use our Products and Services and allow us to improve your personal experience. They are, among others, your Wi-Fi network, technical logs, date of Product activation, battery measurement, manufacturing ID, debug technical information.
When you create a Viatom cloud account
When creating a Viatom cloud account, You will therefore need to provide us with certain Personal data. Your Viatom cloud account is the core component of Products and Services. It allows you to access and control your Personal data. Such data are collected and used during Viatom cloud account and/or user profile creation, when logging on to your account, adding a photograph, etc. All Personal data stored under your Viatom cloud account will be protected as described in Viatom’s Privacy Policy and in this document.
When you use our applications
Certain Personal data are communicated to us when you download, install, and use features of the application and the web application. This is the case when you share information, measure ECG or SpO2, fill in a field in the Application, etc. It is also through the application that your Personal data is communicated to us when you install and synchronize your Product. All your Personal data collected when using our applications will be under your Viatom cloud account.
When you contact our customer support
Our Products and Services allow the collection of Personal data, enabling monitoring by their accumulation. Each Product requires specific Personal data. Your Personal data gathered by your Products are under your Viatom cloud account and transmitted to our servers when you synchronize your Product with our applications. All Personal data stored under your Viatom cloud account will be protected as described in Viatom’s Privacy Policy and in this document.
Why Do We Process Personal Data?
Viatom may process your personal data for the following purposes. One or more purposes may apply simultaneously.
Providing products and services We may use your personal data to provide you with our products and services, to process your requests or as otherwise may be necessary to perform the contract between you and Viatom, to ensure the functionality and security of our products and services, to identify you as well as to prevent and investigate fraud and other misuses.
Accounts Some services may require an account to help you manage your content and preferences.
Developing and managing products and services We may use your personal data to develop and manage our products, services, customer care, sales and marketing. We may combine personal data collected in connection with your use of a particular Viatom product and/or service with other personal data we may have about you, unless such personal data was collected for a different purpose.
Communicating with you We may use your personal data to communicate with you, for example to inform you that our services have changed.
Marketing We may contact you to inform you of new products, services or promotions we may offer and to conduct market research when we have your consent or it is otherwise allowed. We may use your personal data to personalize our offering and to provide you with more relevant services, for example, to make recommendations and to display customized content and advertising in our services.
How do we use your Personal data
We undertake not to sell your Personal data without your prior consent. At Viatom, protecting the privacy of our users is of utmost importance. We firmly believe that data can serve the collective interest when de-identified and that the insights provided by our Products and Services may allow you to make informed choices and sustainable changes.
The data you have generated and collected through Viatom Products and Services is processed by Viatom as described in Viatom’s Privacy Policy and for the following specific purposes. One or more purposes may apply simultaneously:
Providing Products and Services
Personal data processed by Viatom Products and Services may be displayed on the application allowing you to access to you Viatom cloud account. Personal data may be indicated as raw data (number of steps, weight, etc.), or as a result of a specific processing (heart rate, respiration, movement which produces your sleep patterns, etc.).
Developing and managing Products and Services
Your Personal data are used to improve our Products and Services, ensure the availability of our platform and improve the user experience. Also, in accordance with Internet standards, we retain a record of operations conducted in log form and we always work with de-identified data unless you have granted us your consent.
Communicating with you
When you contact our customer support department to resolve a problem that you have reported, our team members may be required to process your Personal data to help you.
Marketing, advertising and making recommendations
Your Personal data may be used to offer surveys, competitions, discount coupons or events in which you are free to participate. The same medium shall also be used to provide you information on our Products, such as new features, sales offers from Viatom, or to announce new Products.
Do We Share Personal Data?
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties.
For how long do we retain your Personal data?
For the Personal data under you Viatom cloud account, we retain until the account deletion.
Where are your Personal data kept
Unless otherwise required by your local laws, your Personal data is stored within United States and are subject to regulations that guarantee a high level of protection for your Personal data.
Who Is The Controller of Your Personal Data?
Shenzhen Viatom Technology Co., Ltd. is the controller of your Personal data.
In matters pertaining to Viatom’s privacy practices you may want to contact us through our customer support department at:
Email:
info@viatomtech.com
Address: 3#4E, Tingwei Park, Honglang North 2nd Road, Baoan District, Shenzhen, 518101, P.R.China
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Viatom may from time to time change this Policy or change, modify or withdraw access to this site at any time with or without notice. However, if this Policy is changed in a material, adverse way, Viatom will post a notice advising of such change at the beginning of this Policy and on this site's home page for 30 days. We recommend that you re-visit this Policy from time to time to learn of any such changes to this Policy.