We use cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.
I agree
I decline
Change my preferences
Privacy Policy Tellmewow Studios / Senior Games
As a company based in Spain with global operations, we strictly comply with Spanish privacy laws, but we also strive to comply with the best practices worldwide. This privacy policy sets out how we handle your privacy. By accessing our website and installing our mobile apps, the user agrees with the practices laid down in this privacy policy.
1. Automatic Database of Personal Information
In accordance with the Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13th on the Protection of Personal Data, Tellmewow Studio, S.L. hereby informs the user of an automatic database of personal information named Usuarios Web, whose main purpose is to provide information about the products, promotions, and competitions offered by Tellmewow Studio S.L., registered in the General Registry of Data Protection. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, the user manifests knowledge of the database and consents to the automatic handling of the user’s data. Tellmewow Studios, S.L. (Tellmewow) respects the privacy rights and data protection of its users and recognizes the importance of protecting their collected personal information.
2. Advertising
Some of our apps contain third-party advertising. We may occasionally promote other products of our own within our apps. We may occasionally cross-promote the products of other affiliated developers that offer similar products and share similar values as expressed on their own published privacy policies.
3. Third-party sites
Our Apps may contain links to third party websites, products, or services. For example, the Apps may feature offers from third party advertisers or the ability to engage in transactions with such entities. Please note that while using such third party offerings, you are using sites, products, and services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the actions of those people or companies, the content of their sites, products or services, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Our link to such third parties does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies. Nor is such linking an endorsement of such third party’s privacy or information security policies or practices or their compliance with laws. Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location information or contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. These other websites or services may place their own cookies or other files on your computing device, collect information or solicit personal information from you. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of third parties with which you interact. We are not responsible or liable for your interaction with such third parties, the information requests initiated by such third parties, or the subsequent use, treatment or dissemination of information you voluntarily choose to provide to them.
4. Use of the gathered information
Tellmewow is committed to the respect and absolute confidentiality of the personal information of our users that we gather and handle. Most of the information we gather and keep is aimed at improving gaming experience, but it is also used for other purposes such as those related to marketing. Tellmewow uses gathered information to:
- Create, improve, and optimize our apps and user experience.
- Offer tech support and address user complaints.
- Collaborate in creating a safer and more reliable environment for our users, to help prevent fraud or potentially illegal acts.
- Offer contextual advertising suited to the user.
- Notify about updates or new functionalities available in our website or mobile apps.
-Send promotional messages about new products or special offers.
Tellmewow will preferably send information through email or notifications on its own website, but may use other channels when available (mail, telephone, or any other electronic medium). All promotional messages sent by electronic media will include easy and cost-free information on how to unsubscribe. Requests to unsubscribe will be handled as soon as possible and always within the period established by law.
5. Right of access, rectification, cancellation and objection
Any user who fills their personal information in the various subscription forms is able to exercise their right of access, rectification, cancellation and objection by request to the mailing address of the owner of the database, Uribitarte Kalea 1, 1 48001 Bilbao, or by email to hola@tellmewow.com. Tellmewow may make changes to its Privacy Policy. If these changes affect the rights of the users, they will be notified by email. The updated Privacy Policy into effect is permanently accessible on the website.
Cookie Consent by
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Update cookies preferences