APP – Privacy Policy
JSHealth Products Pty Ltd ABN 39 616 181 910 of Level 1, 1 Bungan Lane, Mona Vale, NSW, 2103 (“JSHealth” “us”, “we”, “our”), complies with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“Privacy Act”) and the applicable Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act when handling personal information, together with the together with the Health Records and Information Privacy Act 2002 (NSW) (“HRIP Act”) and the applicable Health Privacy Principles in the HRIP Act when handling personal information which is health information, together with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to the extent it applies.
We take the protection of your personal information seriously. Personal information includes personal data (as defined in the GDPR) and means any information or opinion, whether true or not, about a person who is identified or whose identity can reasonably be established or any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Personal Information”).
Collection:
We collect Personal Information for the purposes of delivering our products and services (“Services”). We may collect information through our JSHealth downloadable application for mobile phone and other devices (“App”), or in the course of providing our Services via the App, email, in person, verbally or by any other means at any time from time-to-time.
We collect Personal Information:
from our customers – when they register an enquiry, request an assessment for the purposes of dietary advice, purchase a nutritional plan or associated package, purchase a product, or otherwise in the course of providing our Services at any other time from time-to-time;
when we receive enquiries through the App and when the App is otherwise accessed or used;
when we receive enquiries via email; and
from third party service providers – when they are engaged to supply Services to us (such as professional services), provide information to us or invoice us for the provision of services.
The kind of Personal Information we may collect will depend on who you are (e.g. a customer or third party service provider) and the nature of your interaction with us, and may include your full name, email address, postal or residential address, age, weight, height, dietary habits, exercise habits and any medical conditions or allergies/intolerances, billing information and other Personal Information. If you do not provide us with all the information we request, we may not be able to deliver our Services.
Some Personal Information we collect may include health information. Health information includes any information collected about your health or disability, and any information collected in relation to a health service you have received (“Health Information”). We collect Health Information from customers for the purposes of providing our Services, including our dietary advice and meal plans. This enables us to safely, appropriately and accurately provide our Services and assess the needs of our customers in the provision of our Services and to generally assist in optimising the quality of our Service.
Consent:
By engaging us or registering your details on our App, and/or using our App or supplying information or documents to us or otherwise engaging our Services, you freely give your specific and informed consent to us collecting, using and disclosing your Personal Information (including Health Information) for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
Use:
We may use any Personal Information collected (excluding Health Information) to provide our Services, operate App, send you our newsletter, respond to feedback and complaints, communicate with third party service providers, develop new Services, or if needed to enforce our
Terms of Use
with you.
If you are a third-party service provider, we will use your Personal Information to email you to accept your offer to provide Services, correspond with you in relation to the provision of Services and to pay your invoices.
In all cases, unless you have opted out, you consent to us using your Personal Information (excluding Health Information) for direct marketing purposes by us alone in order to tell you about our Services. We may contact you by mail, telephone, email or SMS to market our products and Services. We will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving any future direct marketing correspondence.
Health Information:
We comply with the Health Privacy Principles and the GDPR in the collection, use and disclosure of all Health Information. We collect Health Information:
from our customers when they request an assessment for the purposes of dietary advice, and/or purchase a meal plan or associated package;
as necessary for the provision of our Services, but only as necessary for the provision of our Services, or as otherwise in accordance with your consent, or as may be required by law including Court order;
only from you (or from someone authorised by you) (including your caregiver if you have one);
with care, taking reasonable steps to ensure your information remains confidential and that any persons we disclose it to in accordance with this Privacy Policy are also required to keep it confidential;
with accuracy, on the basis that you may at any time request a copy of the Health Information that we hold by emailing us at
support@30acres.jessicasepel.com
. In the event our records are found to be inaccurate, we will rectify any inaccuracies on the basis of the further information you provide.
Disclosure and Sharing:
You expressly agree that we may disclose Personal Information (excluding Health Information) to third parties for purposes associated with your purchase of our Services and to third party service providers we engage to help us deliver our Services and for our own marketing purposes. We will only disclose Personal Information to additional third parties with your consent or if permitted or authorised to do so by law. Some places outside of Australia may have inadequate data protection laws or may offer differing levels of protection of Personal Information which are not as high as in Australia. We agree only to use data processers who provide sufficient guarantees and that they will implement appropriate technical and organisational measures that ensure compliance with the GDPR and protect the rights of the data subject, and only to third parties who agree to comply with this Privacy Policy.
You may authorise us to stop processing your Personal Information at any time.
Data Security, Protection and Quality:
We will protect the Personal Information we collect and hold from misuse, loss and interference and from unauthorised access and modification, and to make sure it is accurate, complete and up-to-date when we collect, use or disclose it.
We have procedures of monitoring the security and safety of data as well as procedures in place for dealing with any data breaches, and the associated requirements of notifying you and appropriate authorities where that data security of your Personal Information is breached. To assist us, please ensure you provide us with your correct details, and let us know if you believe the information we have about you is inaccurate, incomplete, out of date or misleading (and we will take reasonable steps to correct the information). We may take steps to destroy or permanently de-identify information when it is no longer needed for any purpose for which it may be used or disclosed.
Your Right to Erasure:
The right to erasure (which encompasses the ‘right to be forgotten’) gives you a right to require us to delete your Personal Information in certain circumstances, and/or to return it to you including, but not limited to where your Personal Information is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, or where you withdraw your consent and there is no other legal ground for processing your data. If you wish to have your Personal Information erased and/or returned to you please notify us at
support@30acres.jessicasepel.com
Cookies:
We may use “cookies”; technology to store data on your device using the functionality of your browser. Many Apps do this because cookies allow the App publisher to do useful things like find out whether the device downloaded an App before.
You can modify your browser to prevent cookie use – but if you do this our Service (and our App) may not work properly. The information stored in the cookie is used to identify you. This enables us to operate an efficient service and to track the patterns of users of our App.
In the course of serving advertisements to our App (if any), third-party advertisers or ad servers may place or recognise a unique cookie on your browser. The use of cookies by such third-party advertisers or ad servers is not subject to this Privacy Policy, but is subject to their own respective privacy policies.
Access, Correction and Complaints:
You can request, and we will provide you with access to, and a copy of any Personal Information we hold about you (including any Health Information) (subject to any applicable legal exceptions). Please also let us know if you have any concerns or complaints about the way we are handling your Personal Information so we can address them. Requests should be submitted by email to
support@30acres.jessicasepel.com
. Where our records are found to be inaccurate, or if you wish to modify the Personal Information we hold about you, we will promptly make these changes on the basis of the further information you provide.
Transfer in Certain Circumstances:
If there is a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganisation or liquidation of us then, in our sole discretion, we may transfer, sell or assign Personal Information collected to one or more relevant third parties, subject always to this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy forms part of our
Terms of Use
and therefore the agreement between you and us (either in your capacity as a client or a third-party service provider). We may, from time to time, amend this Privacy Policy, in whole or part, in our sole discretion. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on
http://www.theprogram.30acres.jessicasepel.com
. Depending on the nature of the change, we may announce the change on the
http://www.theprogram.30acres.jessicasepel.com
homepage or by email (if we have your email address). However, in any event, by continuing to use the App and/or our service following any changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time, in whole or part, you must terminate your use of the App and inform us immediately prior to any further receipt of our Services.
Contact us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to request access to your Personal Information, correct or update you details or raise any privacy concerns you may have, please contact us at
support@30acres.jessicasepel.com
.
For further information on your privacy rights go to:
www.privacy.gov.au
For further information on the HRIP Act, go to:
http://www.ipc.nsw.gov.au/hrip-act
http://www.ipc.nsw.gov.au/sites/default/files/file_manager/FS-HPPs-for-agencies-May14-ACC_0.pdf
For further information on the GDPR, go to:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://jessicasepel.com/privacy-policy/www.privacy.gov.au:
Skip to content
STORY
Recipes
Breakfast
LUNCH & DINNER
ONE-PAN DINNERS
SIDE DISHES & SALADS
SNACKS & SWEETS
DRINKS & SMOOTHIES
VEGAN
DAIRY-FREE
JSHealth Bowls
Blog
Lifestyle
Nutrition
BODY LOVE REAL TALK
Beauty
Fitness
Healthy Travel
Testimonials
Products
All Products
JSHealth App
Books By Jessica Sepel
Media
APP
Contact
Terms
Privacy
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
It looks like nothing was found at this location. Maybe try one of the links below or a search?
Search
Recent Posts
5 Recipes for Hormone Health
My IWD Letter To You
Salmon, Beetroot & Brown Rice Salad
How Routines Changed My Life
4 Nourish Bowls To Try This Week
Most Used Categories
Easy Healthy Recipes
(537)
Dairy Free
(198)
Vegetarian
(188)
Vegan
(173)
Lunch/Dinner
(169)
Gluten Free
(159)
Snacks/Sweet Treats
(159)
All about Jess
(485)
Lifestyle
(366)
Health & Lifestyle
(259)
Archives
Try looking in the monthly archives. 🙂
Archives
Select Month
March 2025
February 2025
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
September 2024
August 2024
July 2024
June 2024
May 2024
April 2024
March 2024
February 2024
January 2024
December 2023
November 2023
October 2023
September 2023
August 2023
July 2023
June 2023
May 2023
April 2023
March 2023
February 2023
January 2023
December 2022
November 2022
October 2022
September 2022
August 2022
July 2022
June 2022
May 2022
April 2022
March 2022
February 2022
January 2022
December 2021
November 2021
October 2021
September 2021
August 2021
July 2021
June 2021
May 2021
April 2021
March 2021
January 2021
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
Tags
balance
breakfast
breakfast ideas
chocolate
chopped salad
delicious
dessert
dinner
easy
entertaining
festive food
festive recipes
festive season tips
festive sides
food
gluten-free
gut health
health
healthy
healthy breakfast
healthy dinner
healthy eating
healthy recipe
healthy recipes
healthy snacks
lifestyle
lunch
media
nourish bowl
nutrition
nutritious
one pan
recipe
recipes
salad
salad recipe
salmon
simple
snack
soup
sweet
tips
Treat
vegetarian
video
NUTRITION
vitamins
app
nourish hub
Sub-policy 1
https://jessicasepel.com/privacy-policy-2/:
Skip to content
STORY
Recipes
Breakfast
LUNCH & DINNER
ONE-PAN DINNERS
SIDE DISHES & SALADS
SNACKS & SWEETS
DRINKS & SMOOTHIES
VEGAN
DAIRY-FREE
JSHealth Bowls
Blog
Lifestyle
Nutrition
BODY LOVE REAL TALK
Beauty
Fitness
Healthy Travel
Testimonials
Products
All Products
JSHealth App
Books By Jessica Sepel
Media
APP
Contact
Terms
Privacy
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Privacy Policy
JSHealth Pty Ltd ACN 167 908 303 of 31-33 Knox St, Double Bay, NSW, 2023 (“
JSHealth
” “
us
”, “
we
”, “
our
”), complies with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“Privacy Act”) and the applicable Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act when handling personal information, together with the together with the Health Records and Information Privacy Act 2002 (NSW) (“
HRIP Act
”) and the applicable Health Privacy Principles in the HRIP Act when handling personal information which is health information.
We take the protection of your personal information seriously. Personal information includes any information or opinion, whether true or not, about a person who is identified or whose identity can reasonably be established.
Collection:
We collect personal information for the purposes of delivering our products and services. We may collect information through the JSHealth Website located at https://jessicasepel.com (“Website”) or in the course of providing our Services in person, verbally and/or in writing from time-to-time.
We collect personal information:
from our customers – when they register an enquiry, request an assessment for the purposes of dietary advice, purchase a nutritional plan or associated package, purchase a product, or otherwise in the course of providing our Services at any other time from time-to-time;
when we receive enquiries through the Website or when the Website is otherwise accessed or used;
when we receive enquiries via email; and
from third party service providers – when they are engaged to supply Services to us (such as professional services), provide information to us or invoice us for the provision of services.
The kind of personal information we may collect will depend on who you are (e.g. a client or third party service provider) and the nature of your interaction with us, and may include your full name, email address, postal or residential address, age, weight, and any medical conditions or allergies/intolerances, billing information and other personal information. If you do not provide us with all the information we request, we may not be able to deliver our Services.
Some personal information we collect may include health information. We collect health information from customers for the purposes of providing dietary advice and meal plans.
This enables us to safely, appropriately and accurately provide our Services and assess the needs of our customer in the provision of our Services and to generally assist in optimising the quality of our service.
Consent:
By engaging us or registering your details on our Website, and/or using our Website or supplying information or documents to us or otherwise engaging our Services, you consent to us collecting, using and disclosing your personal information (including health information) for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
Use:
We may use any personal information collected (excluding health information) to provide our Services, operate the Website, send you our newsletter, respond to feedback and complaints, communicate with third party service providers, develop new Services, or if needed to enforce our Terms and Conditions with you. If you are a third-party service provider, we will use your personal information to email you to accept your offer to provide Services, correspond with you in relation to the provision of Services and to pay your invoices.
In all cases, unless you have opted out, you consent to us using your personal information (excluding health information) for direct marketing purposes in order to tell you about our Services. We may contact you by mail, telephone, email or SMS to market our products and Services. We will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving any future direct marketing correspondence.
Health Information
We comply with the Health Privacy Principles in the collection, use and disclosure of all health information. We collect your health information:
from our customers when they request an assessment for the purposes of dietary advice, and/or purchase a meal plan or associated package;
as necessary for the provision of our Services, but only as necessary for the provision of our Services, or as otherwise in accordance with your consent, or as may be required by law including Court order;
only from you (or from someone authorised by you) (including your caregiver if you have one);
with care, taking reasonable steps to ensure your information remains confidential and that any persons we disclose it to in accordance with this Privacy Policy are also required to keep it confidential;
with accuracy, on the basis that you may at any time request a copy of the health information that we hold by emailing us at support@jessicasepel.com. In the event our records are found to be inaccurate, we will rectify any inaccuracies on the basis of the further information you provide.
Disclosure and sharing:
We may disclose personal information (excluding health information) to third parties for purposes associated with your purchase of our Services and to third party service providers we engage to help us deliver our Services and for marketing purposes. We will only disclose personal information to additional third parties with your consent or if permitted or authorised to do so by law. Some places outside of Australia may have inadequate data protection laws or may offer differing levels of protection of personal information which are not as high as in Australia. By submitting personal information to us, you acknowledge that, provided we have used your personal information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy, we cannot be held responsible for any use of your data by third parties located overseas who receive and process your data.
Data security and quality:
We will take reasonable steps to protect the personal information we collect and hold from misuse, loss and interference and from unauthorised access and modification, and to make sure it is accurate, complete and up-to-date when we collect, use or disclose it.
To assist us, please ensure you provide us with your correct details, and let us know if you believe the information we have about you is inaccurate, incomplete, out of date or misleading (and we will take reasonable steps to correct the information). We may take steps to destroy or permanently de-identify information when it is no longer needed for any purpose for which it may be used or disclosed. We may retain and use de-identified information.
Our Website
https://jessicasepel.com
Cookies:
We may use “cookies”; technology to store data on your computer using the functionality of your browser. Many Websites do this because cookies allow the Website publisher to do useful things like find out whether the computer has visited the Website before.
You can modify your browser to prevent cookie use – but if you do this our service (and our Website) may not work properly. The information stored in the cookie is used to identify you. This enables us to operate an efficient service and to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our Website.
In the course of serving advertisements to our Website (if any), third-party advertisers or ad servers may place or recognise a unique cookie on your browser. The use of cookies by such third-party advertisers or ad servers is not subject to this Privacy Policy, but is subject to their own respective privacy policies.
Access, correction and complaints:
You can request, and we will provide you with access to, any personal information we hold about you (including any health information) (subject to any applicable legal exceptions). Please also let us know if you have any concerns or complaints about the way we are handling your personal information so we can address them. Requests should be submitted by email to support@jessicasepel.com. Where our records are found to be inaccurate, we will promptly rectify any inaccuracies on the basis of the further information you provide.
Transfer in certain circumstances:
If there is a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganisation or liquidation of us then, in our sole discretion, we may transfer, sell or assign personal information collected to one or more relevant third parties.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms and Conditions and therefore the agreement between you and us (either in your capacity as a client or a third-party service provider). We may, from time to time, amend this Privacy Policy, in whole or part, in our sole discretion. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on https://jessicasepel.com. Depending on the nature of the change, we may announce the change on the https://jessicasepel.com homepage or by email (if we have your email address). However, in any event, by continuing to use the Website and/or our service following any changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time, in whole or part, you must terminate your use of the Website and inform us immediately prior to any further receipt of our Services.
Contact us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to request access to your personal information, correct or update you details or raise any privacy concerns you may have, please contact us at support@jessicasepel.com
For further information on your privacy rights go to: www.privacy.gov.au
For further information on the HRIP Act, go to:
http://www.ipc.nsw.gov.au/hrip-act
http://www.ipc.nsw.gov.au/sites/default/files/file_manager/FS-HPPs-for-agencies-May14-ACC_0.pdf
NUTRITION
vitamins
app
nourish hub