《Service Agreement》
Please be sure to read and understand all the rights and obligations stipulated in this Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement").Please be sure to accept the terms of this agreement, otherwise you are not authorized to download, install or use this APP And its related services.
This agreement is a legal agreement between the user and BLUE VIDEO TECHNOLOGY EUROPE LTD. (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") regarding the download, installation, use, and reproduction of the user, and the app (hereinafter referred to as the "Software") accompanying this agreement.
1. Declaration of rights
this "software" All intellectual property rights, and all information content related to the"
        Software ", including
        but not limited to: text expressions and their combinations, icons, graphics, images, charts, colors, interface
        design, layout framework, relevant data, additional programs , Printed materials or electronic documents The
        company is protected by the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, the International
        Copyright Treaty and other relevant intellectual property laws and regulations.
2. Permitted scope
2.1 Download, install and use: This software is a free application, users can download, install and
        use
        this app for non-commercial, unlimited quantity.
2.2 Copying, Distribution and Dissemination: Users may copy, distribute and disseminate the Software
        Product in a non-commercial, unlimited number. However, it must be guaranteed that every copy, distribution, and
        transmission is complete and true, including all software, electronic documentation, copyrights, and trademarks
        related to this software product, as well as this agreement.
3. Restrictions of rights
3.1 Prohibition of reverse engineering, reverse compilation, and reverse assembly: The user may not
        reverse engineer the software product (Reverse Engineer), Decompile or Disassemble, and you must not modify any
        resources compiled inside the
        program file. In addition to the laws and regulations expressly allowing the above activities, users must abide
        by this agreement.
3.2 Component division: This is a single product that is licensed to use a software product. The
        user must not separate the parts for any purpose.
3.3 Non-commercial use: This software is free software, and users are not allowed to sell, copy, and
        distribute it commercially, including but not limited to software sales, pre-installation, bundling, etc.
3.4 Rights reserved: All other rights not expressly authorized in this agreement remain with the
        company Therefore, the user must obtain the written consent of the company when using other rights.
4. Instructions for users
4.1 This software provides user registration, login, device addition, preview, playback, intercom,
        alarm push And other services. The company reserves the right to adjust the service content and service methods
        from time to time. If you do not accept the adjusted service content and service methods, please stop using the
        software.
4.2 This software is only available for Android / IOS operating system, if the user wants to give up
        the use for any reason after installing the
        software, he can uninstall the software.
4.3 The network usage fee and traffic cost incurred during the use of this software shall be paid by
        the
        user to the network service provider.
4.4 This software is provided by our company with product and technical support. Please upgrade the
        software to the latest version in time. After the new version is released, the old version will no longer be
        maintained. The company reserves the right to stop and continue to support and maintain a certain version. .
4.5 Software modification and upgrade: The company reserves the right to provide users with modified
        and
        upgraded versions of the software.
4.6 Product Attachment: The user hereby agrees that in order to improve the user experience, the
        company
        can attach other related products of the company to the software for users to download and install on their
        own.
4.7 This software does not contain any malicious code designed to destroy user operating system data
        and obtain user privacy information. It does not contain any function code to track and monitor the user's
        operating
        system. Personal software such as other software and documents will not reveal user privacy.
4.8 The user shall use the software in compliance with the law and this agreement. Users are not
        authorized to perform actions including but not limited to the following:
4.8.1 not to delete or change all rights management electronic information on the software;
4.8.2 shall not intentionally avoid or undermine the technical measures taken by the copyright owner
        to
        protect the copyright of this software;
4.8.3 Users must not use this software to mislead or deceive others;
4.8.4 Violation of national regulations System functions are deleted, modified, added, and
        interfered, causing the operating system to fail
        to run normally;
4.8.5 Undermine the normal operation of the software system or website, and
        intentionally spread
        destructive programs such as computer viruses;
4.8.6 Any other acts that endanger the security of computer information networks;
4.9 The company cannot guarantee the security of the software product downloaded from a site other
        than
        the company's designated site and the software product obtained from a medium not distributed by the company.
        The use of such software may lead to unpredictable risks. Users are advised not to download, install, and use
        easily, and the company does not assume any legal liability arising therefrom.
4.10 Any The services provided by the software to upload, publish, transfer, share, and download
        pictures,videos, applications, or other materials, whether publicly or privately, are the responsibility of the
        user.
        Users are solely responsible for their own actions on the software.
4.11 Any content uploaded, published, transmitted, shared, shared, and downloaded by users using
        this
        software shall comply with the relevant provisions of the current national laws and regulations, and shall not
        contain the following:
4.11.1 Violating the basic principles established by the Constitution; Containing other contents
        prohibited
        by laws and administrative regulations;
4.11.2 Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining
        national unity;
4.11.3 Those who harm the honor and interests of the country, attack the party and government and
        their
        leaders;
4.11.4 Those who incite ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermine ethnic solidarity;
4.11.5 Those who incite illegal assemblies, associations, processions, demonstrations, and crowds to
        disturb the social order, and act in the name of illegal civil organizations;
4.11.6 Those who undermine the country's religious policies and promote cults and feudal
        superstitions;
4.11.7 Spreading rumors or untrue news, disrupting social order and destabilizing society;
4.11.8 Spread reactionary, obscene, pornographic, gambling, violence, homicide, terror
        or instigate crimes;
4.11.9 False, harassing, insulting, intimidating, harmful, provocative, vulgar
        information; 4.9.10 Violates
        the traditional virtues of the Chinese nation, social morality, ethics, and socialist spiritual civilization;
4.11.10 Statements and news that promote racial discrimination and undermine the unity of the
        country, nation, and region;
4.11.11 Violating the right of others to portrait, name, reputation, privacy or other personal
        rights;
4.11.12 Information that infringes the patent, copyright, copyright, trademark, reputation, or any
        other
        legal rights of any other third party.
4.11.13 There are other contents prohibited by laws, administrative regulations and national
        regulations.
        The user shall bear all civil, administrative or criminal legal liabilities caused by improper uploading,
        publishing, transmitting, sharing, sharing, and downloading of information.
4.12 Privacy protection
4.12.1 The company has formulated strict user upload information processing rules and security
        protection
        measures to ensure that Collect user information beyond the purpose and scope, ensure the security of user
        uploaded
        information, and ensure that user uploaded information is not abused. The company guarantees that it will not
        disclose or provide users' registration information to third parties, unless the following circumstances occur:
(1) Relevant legal requirements or legal service procedures of the company;
(2) To protect the rights of users and the public in emergency situations;
(3) Other circumstances in which personal information is required to be disclosed, edited or
        disclosed in accordance with the law.
5. Liability and limitation of liability
5.1 This software has undergone detailed testing, but it cannot be guaranteed to be fully compatible
        with all software and hardware systems, and it cannot be guaranteed to be completely error-free. In case of
        incompatibilities and software errors, users can call the technical support phone or log in to the company's
        official website Report the situation to the company for technical support. If the compatibility issue cannot be
        resolved, the user can remove the software.
5.2 Use of this software product is at the user's own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by
        applicable law, damages and risks arising from the use or inability to use the software, including but not
        limited to direct or indirect personal damage, loss of commercial profits, Trade disruption, loss of business
        information or any other economic loss,The company does not assume any responsibility.
5.3 The company does not guarantee that it will be suitable for the user's requirements and
        expectations; it does not guarantee that it will not be interfered or maliciously attacked; it does not
        guarantee that the quality of service is timely, safe, reliable or free from errors.
5.4 The user shall bear the relevant consequences for the account, password loss, information
        leakage,
        data loss, account banned or closed due to the user's act of recording, posting, transmitting, sharing, sharing,
        using illegal acts or other negligent acts. And corresponding legal responsibilities.
5.5 For telecommunications systems or Internet failures,The company does not assume any
        responsibility for operating system failures or viruses, damaged or
        lost information, operating system problems, or any other cause of force majeure.
5.6 The user violates the provisions of this agreement, the company The right to take measures
        including, but not limited to, discontinuing the use license, stopping
        the provision of services, restricting use, and legal investigation.
6. Law and dispute resolution
6.1 This agreement is governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China.
6.2 Any disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement,The parties shall resolve the
        dispute through friendly negotiation; if the negotiation fails, either
        party may submit the relevant dispute to the court of the defendant's residence for settlement.
7. Other terms
7.1 If any clause in this agreement is wholly or partially invalid or unenforceable for any reason,
        or
        violates any applicable law, that clause is considered deleted, but the remaining clauses of this agreement
        shall remain valid and binding .
7.2 The company has the right to modify this agreement in accordance with changes in relevant laws
        and
        regulations and adjustments to the company's operating conditions and operating strategies. The revised
        agreement will be announced on the company's official website and attached to the new version of the software.
        When relevant disputes occur, the latest agreement text shall prevail. If the user continues to use the
        software, it is deemed that you accept the changes in this agreement.
7.3 The company has the right to send notifications, advertisements, etc. to users through website
        announcements or emails.
7.4 All notifications to users under this agreement can be made through webpage announcements,
        client
        popups, emails, mobile text messages or regular letter delivery; all notifications and announcements are
        considered part of this agreement, and notifications are sent from Day is deemed to have been delivered to the
        recipient.
7.5 The company has the right to interpret and modify this agreement to the maximum extent permitted
        by law.
Our company appreciates your trust in us. In order to bring you a more satisfactory user experience, and to
            better communicate with you about our products, we provide our quality services. When you use our software
            (APP), we collect certain information. This policy is designed to help you understand the types and uses of
            the information we collect when you use the software, and our corresponding information protection measures.
            The terms of this privacy protection policy explain the collection and use of users' personal information
            and apply to all related services of our software.
If you submit information to our server during the use of our products, it means that you have agreed to the
            collection purpose, collection purpose, and use of the collected information as defined in our
            policy.
The information we collect online
Personal information
This privacy policy of "personal information" means any personally identifiable information,
            including
            e-mail, and other information when needed to provide incidental services. We only in the case that
            you
            voluntarily provide (for example, you register in our software, comments or questions to us) to
            collect your
            personal information.
Device Information
We will collect device information of customers added to their accounts in order to provide software
            functions and applications for you, when you use our software, our software also requires certain
            information about your non-personally identifiable information such as your domain names, IP
            addresses,
            phone language. Our software will store this information for the next automatically.
How do we use your information?
We will collect personal information and device information for the following purposes:
Services and other functions of the software itself;
To improve the content, appearance and function of software services;
To understand your needs and preferences;
For research and evaluation;
To manage and develop our business and operations and management of customers, etc.;
To detect and protect our and other third parties against negligence, fraud, damage, theft
                and other
                illegal acts caused;
Any legal, regulatory requirements, procedures or terms of the license, and shall comply
                with the
                requirements of implementation;
Information disclosure
Including requirements for law enforcement to respond to judicial proceedings, as well as to protect
            the
            user, we and its associated companies and other third-party security, property or legal rights
            required by
            law, we must also retain disclose your personal information rights.
Minor's privacy
We very concerned about the safety of children when using the Internet. If you are minors under 18
            years,
            before using we service, you should obtain prior written consent from a parent or legal guardian. We
            protect
            personal information of minors in accordance with relevant state laws and regulations.
Information security
We adopted many security measures to protect your personal information strict security. We use a
            variety of
            systems, security technologies and procedures and other measures to protect your personal
            information from
            unauthorized access, use or disclosure. If you have any questions about our personal information
            protection,
            please phone us.
Statement modified
This Privacy Statement may be modified from time to time update (without
            prior
            informed to you). For privacy modified content will be posted on our website.
BLUE VIDEO TECHNOLOGY EUROPE LTD.
FIFTH FLOOR 3 GOWER STREET LONDON UNITED KINGDOM WC1E 6HA