Home
About Us
Our Games
News
Home
About Us
Our Games
News
​Introduction
In this Privacy Policy, “Mad Hook” refers to Mad Hook LLC, a developer and publisher of games and mobile game applications based in Jordan. Mad Hook is a game development studio that develops and publishes games on multiple platforms including mobile phones.
Mad Hook is committed to protecting the privacy of its users and providing them with a better gaming experience.
We respect your privacy and have devoted our efforts to ensure all Personal Information and details are secured as possible, subject to the T&Cs and the Privacy Policy that is incorporated into the T&Cs. The defined terms under this Privacy Policy refer to the interpretation and terms under the T&Cs unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy or otherwise defined herein.
Please take the time to read carefully the Privacy Policy as by using any of our Platform(s), web page(s), websites and applications owned by or operated by Mad Hook “Platform” you automatically agree that you have read and accepted to be bound by our T&Cs and Privacy Policy. The type of information we collect may vary depending on your use of our Platform and Services;
By using the Platform and Services, You understand and do not object to the collection, disclosure, storage and use of Your Personal Information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If You do not want Mad Hook to collect, store, use or share Your Personal Information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, You should not play games developed by Mad Hook or use Our Platform or any of Our Services.
When we say “Mad Hook”, “application”, “our,” “we,” or “us,” we’re talking about Mad Hook LLC and any of its subsidiaries, all Mad Hook applications and Services available at our website. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to all of our websites, applications, services, features, software, products, content, Madhook.io and/or the other domains provided by Mad Hook (together, “Services”) unless specified otherwise.
The purpose of this policy is to provide you with all the important information and explanations about how and why some of your data may be collected and processed by Mad Hook when you use one of our applications or browse on our website or use any of our Services. This privacy policy governs and details the main principles that Mad Hook applies to the data we collect and process, to:
(i) develop and publish mobile apps (“Mad Hook Apps and Games”),
(ii) serve advertising that are tailored to the interests of users (“Mad Hook Ads”) and
(iii) run our corporate website (“www.madhook.io”).
This Privacy Policy also aims to remind you about your rights and to provide you with all the elements you need to exercise them.
Should you have any questions related to this Privacy Policy or our practices around privacy and data protection in general, please don’t hesitate to contact Mad Hook support email as indicated in the contact section of this Privacy Policy.
Mad Hook Apps and Games
Why does Mad Hook collect data from its apps and games?
When you install and use Mad Hook mobile applications, we can collect and process some of your data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why Mad Hook may collect data and the legal bases Mad Hook relies on in each case.
Mad Hook collects data:
To provide you with the services you asked for (e.g., Knowing how many users completed the first 10 levels)
Legal basis – such data processing is strictly necessary for the service(s) asked
To run analytics and understand how users interact with our product, applications and Services in order to continuously improve it
(e.g., Knowing that some obstacles are hard to overcome based on user progression)
Legal basis - Express consent. Mad Hook only processes or shares personal data collected through Mad Hook apps for analytics purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in our apps.
To serve advertising tailored to the preference and interests of our users
and allow Mad Hook to continue to provide free services and products
Legal basis – Express consent. Mad Hook only processes or shares personal data collected through Mad Hook apps for personalized advertising purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in one of our apps.
For all data processing activities that rely on users’ consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time from the “settings” page in our various applications.
Please only note that in the case where you withdraw your consent or where you refuse to consent in the first place, you will still be served with advertising but that may be less relevant to you as it will not be tailored to your interests.
The legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information and data depends on what the Personal Information and data is and the context in which We collect the data.
In accordance with Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR”, We will process Your Personal Information for the purposes of Mad Hook’s legitimate interests pursued for ensuring secure optimization and improvement of Our Services, Platform and performance and for efficiently fulfilling Our contractual obligations. In some cases, the processing is necessary for the compliance and fulfillment of a legal obligation, or to protect Your vital interests or those of another natural person/user.
What data does Mad Hook collect from its apps and games?
“Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy is individual information about personal or objective circumstances of a specific or identifiable person, e.g. Your name, address or e-mail address, IP addresses and device-related identifiers.
For the purposes of providing you with the Services listed above and on our Platforms, and to the extent necessary to fulfil one or more of its functions and activities, by reasonable means, you provide us with your Personal Information and details with your consent to use, share and make available, where applicable, to other users and/or any Third-Party or the public as deemed necessary.
Usage Information
Whenever you use or visit our Platform and Services, Mad Hook, uses a variety of technologies to collect information about you (“Usage Information”). Usage Information include without limitations, the name of your internet service provider, the browser and the type of machine (“Device Type”), operating system, application, the time, the page served and the preceding page views and your use of features on the application version you are using, and any website that may refer you to us and the pages you visit to help manage and enhance the application. In addition to technical information about the device you use and your connection (user agent, type of connection, timestamp).
Device Identifier
Whenever you use or visit our application and services, Mad Hook, uses a variety of technologies to collect information about you your IP address or other unique identifiers for any device you use to access and use our application such as (computer, mobile phone, tablet or any other device). We, our affiliates, service providers, business partners or any third party may use a device identifier among other things, to administer the application; help diagnose problems, analyze trends, track users’ web page movement over time and access different websites, platforms or other mobile, online or offline services. We collect and identify your device primarily using your mobile device advertising identifier, e.g. Apple’s iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) or Google’s Android Advertising ID, as well as other identifiers, which are technical identifiers developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes which remain under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in through your device settings.
Personal Information
We may collect Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as, name, email, telephone number, home address, demographic information (zip code, age), contact details (phone book) and/or payment information such as account or credit card numbers and details). In addition to Data pertaining to your activities on our applications, website and Services and notably the way in which you interact with our applications, website and Services (for how long do you use our application everyday) and with the advertising served in our applications (how many ads you see per day).
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third parties, and affiliates. For example, when you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Google Play Game Services, iOS Game Center or Facebook), we collect information in accordance with the privacy policies and authorization procedures determined by those services. The information We receive depends on which Mad Hook game You’re playing, others or third-parties application, and Your privacy settings.
Other Information You Provide to Us.
When You provide us with additional information other than the information under this Privacy Policy, We collect the information, for example when You provide Us you’re your financial data, or when you communicate with others or post, use messenger or chat services, upload or store content, contact our Support team, or provide billing information, You give Us Your consent to process the provided information for the intended purpose
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use information we have collected and stored for a variety of reasons; to provide you with Our Services, a better gaming experience and/or information you request, such as new games information alerts, promotions, participate in promotional activities, or otherwise, including without limitation:
Create Your game accounts;
Improve our Services, Platform, applications and Your experience;
Respond to your questions, inquiries and requests, such as, games information, alerts and provide customer support services and technical support;
Advice you of important safety-related information;
Enable you to participate in activities or programs and communicate with other users;
Notify You of game and application updates, new content and/or offers;
Verify your identity, and prevent fraud or illegal activities;
Provide you with access to the website, applications and some areas and features such as your interactions with other users;
Communicate with you about your account and activities on the applications and in our sole discretion change to any Mad Hook policy or notice;
Tailor, manage and deliver content, advertisements;
For our records to enable us to operate and provide our Services, including providing users support, and improving, fixing, and customizing our Services, website and applications by developing and testing new services and features.
Comply with the license and legal obligations, where applicable.
With whom may your data be shared & why?
Mad Hook does not share your personal data with third parties without your prior consent. When you consent to the collection of data for advertising and analytics purpose, we may share the data listed above with the following categories of recipients:
With Your Consent. We will share information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Mad Hook only when we have your consent to do so.
With Service Providers. We provide Personal Information to trusted partners who work on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
For Legal and Other Purposes. We may access, preserve, and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of our Terms of Service; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Mad Hook, its users, or the public; (v) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (vi) as otherwise required by law.
With Ad Partners: We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in applications. These entities may use cookies, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services, websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages, or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. Which allows us to monetize the ad inventory of our apps and provide users with free products and services.
Those partners usually collect data via their own tools (Software Development Kits or “SDK”). You will find a list of our partners implementing advertising SDKs through our applications and the privacy policies of their services that describe their practices and allow you to exercise your rights directly toward them hereafter:
Adcolony -
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Applovin -
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
UnityAds
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Facebook -
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Fyber -
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
Google -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Inmobi -
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Chartboost -
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Mopub -
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Tapjoy -
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/tapjoy-users/#privacy-policy
Vungle -
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Analytic companies: that provide us with tools and technologies that allow us to better understand how users interact with our services and will help us improve it. Those partners also usually collect data via their own SDKs. You will find a list of our partners implementing analytical SDKs through our applications hereafter:
Unity Analytics
GameAnalytics -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Authorities: only to the extent we are obliged to by applicable laws and regulations.
Advertisements
Why does Mad Hook collect data for advertising purposes?
Mad Hook monetizes advertising inventory by allowing advertisers to serve personalized advertising to users.
In order to deliver such services for its clients and partners, Mad Hook can receive and process data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why Mad Hook may collect data and the legal bases it relies on in each case.
To personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content, or features that are targeted toward your interests (behavioral advertising).
To help our publisher partners monetize their ad inventory
Just like Mad Hook relies on advertising to provide free apps and games, our partners can use Mad Hook Ads services to monetize their ad inventory.
To help advertiser partners promote their products and services
Mad Hook helps advertisers promote their products and services to an audience that has demonstrated interests in similar products and services and allows them to optimize their marketing spends.
● To create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps, third-parties and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads, and information on user experiences.
What data does Mad Hook collect for advertising purposes?
For the purposes of providing you with the Services listed above on our applications, you provide us with your Personal Information and details with your consent to use, share and make available, where applicable, to other users and/or any Third-Party or the public. The data we collect is limited to the aforementioned points under “Mad Hook Apps and Games” of this Privacy Policy in addition to Data pertaining to your interactions with the advertisements served (e.g., number of ads served, potential clicks), Your game social network ID and any contextual data about Your game play such as Your level and other technical information.
With whom is your data shared & why?
Data collected for the purposes of Ad serving are only shared with the following category of recipients and only to the extent such data is necessary for the purpose they are following, which are advertisers that advertise inside our applications and Platforms to serve personalized or non-personalized advertising. When clicking on a third-party advertisement, You will no longer be on a Service or Platform provided by Mad Hook.
Mad Hook Website
Why does Mad Hook collect data from its website?
Like on most websites, when you browse on Mad Hook.io certain information about your connection and device(s) are automatically collected for the website to operate properly.
Mad Hook and its partners also use cookies and similar technologies to analyze how our users interact with our services and administer the website. Cookies are small text files stored on your browser that allow the collection of non-personally identifiable information related to your navigation on a website.
You can control the use of cookies in your browser settings but if you choose to disable cookies it may affect certain websites’ functionalities.
What data does Mad Hook collect from its website?
For the purposes listed above the data that Mad Hook and its partners collect is limited to:
Browsing events and interactions with the website’s contents and services
Cookie identifiers, IP address and technical information related to your browser and/or device (user agent)
Information you provide us with voluntarily when you contact Mad Hook
Analytics and Third-Party Cookies
Mad Hook uses Weebly to collect information related to the web traffic on our website. This service allows us to measure the performance and proper functioning of our website and to provide you with a better experience. For more information on the data protection and privacy aspects of these analytics services, you can refer to Weebly privacy policy accessible here:
https://www.weebly.com/privacy
​Mad Hook uses technologies such as Device Identifiers and Cookies (data files placed on a device when its used to visit the application) to collect information and help analyze page view and flow, in addition, to associate users with social networking sites. Please be aware that some features and functionalities may not work properly without using Cookies because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your Mad Hook account. As such, if you block or delete cookies, not all tracking that we have described in our Privacy Policy will stop. Also, please note that Third-Parties may opt to use cookies or similar files on your device to personalize your experience on their websites or applications. You may opt to decline cookies at any time.
Social Networks and other Communication Tools
Our website also offers communication tools allowing users to share content on social networks. When you interact with such social media widgets or “share buttons”, these social network companies may collect information about you and/or your device and connection. Your interactions with these services are governed by the respective privacy policies of the companies providing these services. For more information on the data protection and privacy practices of these companies, you can refer to their specific policies listed below:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Linkedin:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Youtube:
https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks/policies/
Security and other important information
How long does Mad Hook keep your data?
Personal data collected, received and processed for the purposes described in this policy is not kept longer than necessary for the purposes described above in this section.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children. We do not knowingly or willingly collect, use, or share Personal Information from children under the age of 13 or 16 (depending on the jurisdiction of the user) as defined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") and the applicable law. If you believe that your child may have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at
support@madhook.io
International Transfers
Mad Hook is based in Jordan and we process and store information on a secure server. As such, we and our service providers may transfer your information to, or store or access it in, other jurisdictions. We will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
Some of the partners and processors referred to in this Policy are located outside of the European Union.
In such case, we ensure that:
the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection or,
Personal data is transferred to certified entities under the Privacy Shield or,
For personal data transferred outside of countries recognized by the European Commission as having a sufficient level of protection, any of the mechanisms offering appropriate guarantees is used, for which provision is made by applicable regulations, and in particular the adoption of the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We will only keep Your Personal Information only for as long to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, to comply with Our business requirements, applicable laws and meet our legal obligations.What rights do you have?Consent withdrawal and opt-out of
sale of information
You can change your consent status at any time from the Privacy Settings available in Mad Hook mobile games and applications.
Please note that if Mad Hook does not sell the Personal Information of its users, we may share it with third parties such as analytics and advertising companies in order to improve and personalize your experience and adapt the content and ads of our services.
Adjusting your consent settings within Mad Hook apps and games, will allow you to block the collection of data for these purposes and will de facto prevent the sharing of information with our analytics and/or advertising partners.
Access right
In accordance with Article 15 of GDPR, upon Your request, Mad Hook will provide You with information concerning You, and whether we hold any of your Personal Information. You may access Your Personal Information or request deletion of your Personal Information by contacting Mad Hook support as indicated in the “Contact” section below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. If you have linked a social account (e.g., Facebook, GPGS, or Game Center), then you can unlink the app with those social providers to disassociate yourself with any stored data. If you do this, your username and gameplay may no longer be retrievable.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject cookies; however, the Services may not function properly if you do so as some functions of the website may not be displayed correctly.
Cookies contain information about the current or last visit to Our Platforms, for example, the type of device You are using, Your operating system version, Your mobile device’s identifiers, Your browser types and language, exit pages and URLs, number of clicks on a page or feature, domain names, pages viewed and order and amount of time spent on particular pages.
Notifications
You have the ability to turn application notifications on and off by adjusting the settings of your mobile device. If you wish to allow or discontinue receiving Push Notifications or Local Notification, please consult the settings on your mobile device.
Rectification and erasure
You may request Mad Hook the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you, as well as the completion of incomplete personal data in accordance with Article 16 of the GDPR. You may also contact and request Mad Hook to erase without undue delay your personal data when it is no longer necessary for Mad Hook to retain such data in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or processed (Article 17 GDPR).
In order for your data to be erased or rendered inaccessible you can either:
reset your mobile advertising identifier (IDFA on iOS, GAAID on Android) or activate “Limit Ad Tracking” in your device’ settings in order to make previously collected data non linkable to you or your device anymore and limit further data collection if you choose to enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” option
contact Mad Hook Support, as indicated in the “Contact” section below in order to have the data previously collected by Mad Hook on you and/or your device permanently erased or anonymized
Portability
Upon request, Mad Hook will provide you with the personal data that you provided to us and, if possible, will communicate this information directly to another data controller of your choice in a portable format when the processing is based on consent or contract.
​
General
We may update, change or modify this Privacy Policy and you accept to be solely responsible for reviewing the Policy from time to time as any update, change or modification by Mad Hook shall effective immediately upon posting at any time and at its discretion.
This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms and shall read with it all the time, the other provisions available on the Terms shall apply on this Privacy Policy.
Contact
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please contact us at:
support@madhook.io