PRIVACY POLICY
1. Scope and acceptance of this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to the personal data that we collect about you for the purposes of providing you with our products and services we offer. By using Aadhan (as defined below) or by giving us your personal data, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to this Privacy Notice, please do not use Aadhan (as defined below) or give us any personal data.
Aadhan reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice at any time. We encourage you to regularly review this Privacy Notice to make sure you are aware of any changes and how your personal data may be used.
2. Data collected by Aadhan
Aadhan may collect personal data about you from a variety of sources, including through: Online and electronic interactions with us, including via Aadhan websites, mobile applications, text messaging programs or through Aadhan branded pages or applications on third party social networks (e.g. Facebook) (Aadhan); Offline interactions with us, including via direct marketing campaigns, hard copy registration cards, competition entries and contacts through Aadhan consumer services call centres; and Your interaction with online targeted content (such as advertisements) that Aadhan, or service providers on our behalf, provide to you via third party websites or applications.
2.1 Data that you provide to us directly
This is data that you provide to us with your consent for a specified purpose, including
Personal contact information, including any information allowing Aadhan to contact you in person (e.g. name, home or (e)mail address, and phone number).
Demographic information, including date of birth, age, gender, location (e.g. zip code, city and state and geo-location), favourite products, hobbies, interests, and household or lifestyle information.
Account login information, including any information that is required for you to establish a user account with Aadhan (e.g. login ID/email, user name, password and security question/answer).
Consumer feedback, including information that you share with Aadhan about your experience in using Aadhan products and services (e.g. your comments and suggestions, testimonials and other feedback related to Aadhan products).
Consumer-generated content, including any content (e.g. photos, videos and personal stories) that you create and then share with Aadhan (and perhaps others) by uploading it to a Aadhan Site.
2.2 Data that we collect when you interact with Aadhan
We use cookies and other tracking technology which collect certain kinds of information when you interact with Aadhan.
2.3 Data collected from other sources
We may collect information about you from other legitimate sources for the purpose of providing you with our products and services. Such sources include third party data aggregators, Aadhan promotional partners, public sources and third party social networking sites. Such information may include
personal contact information
any personal data that is part of your profile on a third party social network (e.g. Facebook) and that you allow that third party social network to share with us (e.g. name, email address, gender, birthday, city, profile picture, user ID, friend list). You can learn more about the data that we may obtain about you by visiting the website of the relevant third party social network. We may also receive personal data about individuals when we acquire other companies.
3.Children’s personal data
Aadhan does not knowingly solicit or collect personal data from children below the age of 12. Children between 12-18 years should provide their data either through their parents or with the consent of their parents. If Aadhan discovers that it has accidentally collected personal data from a child below [12], it will remove that child’s personal data from its records as soon as reasonably possible. However, Aadhan may collect some data and statistics of children below the age of 12 years of age from the parent or custodian directly and therefore with their explicit consent.
4.Why Aadhan collects personal data and how it uses it
Aadhan collects and uses personal data only as necessary for the purposes for which it was obtained. Aadhan may use your personal data for some or all of the following purposes
Orders - to process and ship your orders and to inform you about the status of your orders. Please note that there are many e-commerce websites that sell Aadhan products but that are not controlled or operated by Aadhan. We recommend that you read their policies, including on privacy, before making any purchases on those websites.
Account maintenance - to create and maintain your accounts with us, including administering any consumer loyalty or rewards programs that are associated with your account.
Consumer service - to provide you with consumer service, including responses to your inquiries, complaints and general feedback about our products. Consumer service may be provided through various forms of communication, including via email, letter, telephone and online chat features.
Consumer engagement - to get you more actively engaged with our products and services. This may involve the use or publication of consumer-generated content.
Personalisation - Aadhan may combine personal data about you collected from one source (e.g. a website) with data collected from another source (e.g. an offline event). This provides Aadhan with a more complete view of you as a consumer, which, in turn, allows Aadhan to serve you better and with greater personalisation, including in respect of the following
Websites
- to improve and personalise your experience on websites, using data such as account login information, technical computer information, and/or previous website usage information
Products
- to improve Aadhan’s products, tailor them to your needs and come up with new product ideas. This includes the use of demographic information, consumer profiling information and consumer feedback
Interest-based advertising
- to serve you advertisements tailored to your interests. One way Aadhan does this is to match activities or information collected on Aadhan with data collected about you on third party sites (i.e. data-matching). This type of advertising is also known as “online behavioural advertising” or “targeted advertising”. Such personalisation is typically performed via cookies or similar technologies.
Marketing communications - to provide you with marketing communications where you have opted-in to receiving such communications (including information about Aadhan, its products and services, competitions and promotions). These can be shared via electronic means (e.g. SMS, emails and online advertising) and via post.
If you opt-in to receiving SMS, your mobile service provider’s policy for receiving SMS will apply, which may be at a fee.
Social features – to offer you a number of social features, including the following
Website community features on a Aadhan Site
- When you visit a Aadhan Site with a community feature and upload or share recipes, pictures, videos, artwork or other content, Aadhan may use and display the personal data that you share on such sites.
Website viral features
- Aadhan may use your personal data to offer you website viral features, such as a tell-a-friend program, where you can share certain news, product information, promotions or other content with family and friends. This typically requires the collection and use of personal contact information (e.g. names and emails) so that the selected one-time message/content can be delivered to their recipients.
Third party social networking
- Aadhan may use your personal data from when you interact with third party social networking features such as “Facebook Connect” or “Facebook Like”. These features may be integrated on Aadhan including for purposes such as running contests and allowing you to share content with friends. If you use these features, Aadhan may have the ability to obtain certain personal data about you from your social networking information. You can learn more about how these features work, and the profile data Aadhan may obtain about you, by visiting the website of the relevant third party social network.
Other specific purposes
- We may use your personal data for other specific business purposes, including to maintain the day-to-day operation and security of Aadhan, to conduct demographic studies or audits, and to contact you for consumer research.
5.Sharing of personal data by Aadhan
Aadhan will never share your personal data with any third party that intends to use it for direct marketing purposes, unless you have provided specific consent in relation to this. Aadhan may share your personal data with third parties for other purposes, but only in the following circumstances:
5.1 Affiliates
Aadhan may provide your personal data to its affiliates or related companies for legitimate business purposes.
5.2 Service providers
Aadhan may engage service providers, agents or contractors to provide services on its behalf, including to administer Aadhan and services available to you. These third parties may come to access or otherwise process your personal data in the course of providing these services. Aadhan requires such third parties, who may be based outside the country from which you have accessed the Aadhan Site or service, to comply with all relevant data protection laws and security requirements in relation to your personal data, usually by way of a written agreement. Aadhan sometimes stores your data out of country. In some instances there is a possibility that such data is transferred from one location to another. Such storage and transfers are undertaken with utmost care and attention. We contractually bind the service providers to store or transfer your information in a confidential manner and they are made to treat the data only according to relevant privacy laws of the land.
5.3 Partners and joint promotions
Aadhan may run a joint or co-sponsored program or promotion with another company and, as part of your involvement in the activity, collect and use your personal data. Your personal data will only be shared with another company if you have opted in to receive information directly from that company. Aadhan encourages you to read the privacy notice of any such company before sharing personal data. If you do not want your personal data to be collected by or shared with a company other than Aadhan, you can always choose not to participate in such activity. If you do opt-in to communications from such a company, remember that you always have the right to opt-out and you would need to contact that company directly to do so.
5.4 Legal requirements and business transfer
Aadhan may disclose your personal data if it is required to do so by law or if, in Aadhan’s good faith judgment, such legal disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal processes or respond to any claims. In the event of a full or partial merger with, or acquisition of all or part of Aadhan by another company, the acquirer would have access to the information maintained by that Aadhan business, which could include personal data.
6. Your rights
6.1 Right to opt-out of marketing communications
You have the right to opt-out of receiving marketing communications about Aadhan and can do so by
following the instructions for opt-out in the relevant marketing communication
if you have an account with Aadhan, you may have the option to change your opt-in/opt-out preferences under the relevant edit-account section of the account or
contacting us.
Please note that even if you opt-out from receiving marketing communications, you may still receive administrative communications from Aadhan, such as order confirmations and notifications about your account activities (e.g. account confirmations and password changes).
6.2 Access and rectification
You have a right to request access to your personal data. You may send us a request for access. If Aadhan cannot provide access to your personal data, it will provide you with the reasons why. You also have the right to request that Aadhan correct any inaccuracies in your personal data. If you have an account with Aadhan for a Aadhan Site, this can usually be done through the appropriate "your account" or “your profile” section(s) on the Aadhan Site (if available). Otherwise, you can send us a request to rectify your data.
7. Cookies and other tracking technologies
7.1 What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
7.2 How and why do we use cookies?
We use cookies to improve the use and functionality of Aadhan and to gain a better understanding of how visitors use Aadhan and the tools and services offered on them. Cookies help us tailor Aadhan to your personal needs, to improve their user-friendliness, gain customer satisfaction feedback and to communicate to you elsewhere on the internet.
7.3 What types of cookies may be used on Aadhan?
We may use the following types of cookies on Aadhan:
Session cookies
- These are temporary cookie files which are erased when you close your browser. When you restart your browser and go back to the site that created that cookie, the website will treat you as a new visitor.
Persistent cookies
– These cookies stay on your browser until you delete them manually or until your browser deletes them based on the duration period set within the cookie. These cookies will recognize you as a return visitor. Necessary cookies - Necessary cookies are strictly necessary for the operation of a Aadhan Site. They enable you to navigate around the site and use our features.
Cookies that send information to us
- These are the cookies that we set on a Aadhan Site and they can only be read by that site. This is known as a “First Party” cookie.
We also place cookies on Aadhan advertisements which are placed on other websites owned by third parties (e.g. Facebook). We obtain information via those cookies when you click on or interact with the advertisement. In this situation Aadhan is placing a “Third Party” cookie. Aadhan may use the information obtained by these cookies to serve you with advertising that is relevant and of interest to you based on your past online behaviour.
Cookies that send information to other companies - These are cookies that are set on a Aadhan Site by our partner companies (e.g. Facebook or advertisers). They may use the data collected from these cookies to anonymously target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to the Aadhan Site. For example, if you use a social widget (e.g. the Facebook icon) on a Aadhan Site, it will record your “share” or “like”. Facebook (as the company setting the cookie) will collect the data.
7.4 Other similar technologies
Aadhan also make use of other tracking technologies including IP addresses, log files and web beacons, which also help us tailor Aadhan to your personal needs.
IP addresses
An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet. We may record IP Addresses for the following purposes: (i) troubleshoot technical concerns, (ii) maintain website safety and security (iii) better understand how our websites are utilized, and (iv) to better tailor content to your needs depending on the country you are in.
Log File
We (or a third party on our behalf) may collect information in the form of logs files that record website activity and gather statistics about a user’s browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help us gather (among other things) (i) a user’s browser type and operating system, (ii) information about a user’s session (such as the URL they came from, the date and time they visited our website, and which pages they've viewed on our website and for how long), and, (iii) other similar navigational or click-stream data (e.g. site traffic reporting and unique visitor counts).
7.5 Manage your cookies/preferences
You should ensure that your computer setting reflects whether you are happy to accept cookies or not. You can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, or you can simply set it to refuse them. You do not need to have cookies on to use or navigate through many parts of Aadhan although you may not have access to all the features on Aadhan if you do so. See the 'help' button on your browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Firefox) for how you can do this. Remember that if you use different computers in different locations, you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
As a web beacon forms part of a webpage, it is not possible to ‘opt-out’ but you can render them ineffective by opting out of the cookies they set.
8. Data security and retention
8.1 Data security
In order to keep your personal data secure, Aadhan has implemented a number of security measures, including:
Secure operating environments - Aadhan stores your data in secure operating environments and only accessible to Aadhan employees, agents and contractors on a need-to-know basis. Aadhan also follows generally accepted industry standards in this respect.
Prior authentication for account access - - Aadhan requires its registered consumers to verify their identity (e.g. login ID and password) before they can access or make changes to their account. This is aimed to prevent unauthorized accesses.
Please note that these protections do not apply to personal data you choose to share in public areas such as on community websites.
8.2. Retention
Aadhan will only retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the stated purpose, taking into account also our need to answer queries or resolve problems, provide improved and new services, and comply with legal requirements under applicable laws.
This means that we may retain your personal data for a reasonable period after your last interaction with us. When the personal data that we collect is no longer required in this way, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner.
8.3. User Data Deletion
Users can delete the facebook account data access to Aadhan app any time by following the below instructions.
Login to your facebook account.
Go to Account --> Settings & Privacy --> Privacy centre --> Settings --> Facebook settings --> Apps and websites.
You can see all the apps and websites here if you gave data access previously for any app or website. And you can see Aadhan from the list if you have already logged into the aadhan app or website using facebook login anytime.
Now you can select the Remove button to remove all your connections between Facebook and Aadhan.
9. Contact us
Aadhan acts as “data controller” for the personal data it processes in the framework of this Privacy Notice. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Notice or Aadhan’s personal data collection practices, please contact us
team@aadhan.in