Effective November 15, 2022
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about your use of the Tripmaker Platform. By accessing or using the Tripmaker Platform, you agree with this policy.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) constitute a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") between you and Unikoom, LLC and its affiliated companies through the Tripmaker brand (Tripmaker or "us" or "we") and describes how we provide our service, use and share the information you provide to us or we gather from you while you access or use tripmaker.guru (the "Site"), the Tripmaker mobile application (the "App"), and related services that link to this Policy (together, the “Tripmaker Platform”).
We may also supplement this Policy with other policies in the Tripmaker Platform. This Policy apply only to information collected by us through the Tripmaker Platform and does not apply to services that link to other policies, including any third-party websites or services you connect to from the Tripmaker Platform, such as social-networking platforms or connected third-party applications. Tripmaker is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such third parties. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of those third parties.
We collect and process personal information about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.
As the provider of the Tripmaker Platform, Unikoom, LLC does not own, create, sell, resell, provide, control, manage, offer, deliver, or supply any services, nor is Unikoom an organizer or retailer of travel packages under Directive (EU) 2015/2302.
Personal Data Collected
As used in this Policy, “Personal Data” means information relating to you as an identified or identifiable individual. You provide Personal Data directly into the Tripmaker Platform. For example, as part of activating an account with Tripmaker, we collect your name, email address and password. If you create the account using one of the available social networking or third-party platform connection options (a “social sign-in” like Google or Facebook), we will collect your associated email address and related profile information from the social sign-in provider, if permitted. You may also provide a photo of yourself or provide us with additional email addresses for purposes of collecting itinerary information and to ensure that you retain access to your account even if you no longer have access to your primary email address.
To take full advantage of features and functionality of the Tripmaker Platform, you may also provide us with additional information for your profile, such as date of birth, or your travel preferences.  If you wish to receive alerts via text messages, you must provide your mobile phone number. If you book your accommodations, rides, flights, events or other services through us, we may collect certain billing and payment information. If we process any payments, it is done so by using third parties, and we would retain only the last four digits of your credit card number and expiration date. Some services may not be available or function correctly if you are not willing to provide personal information.
We may also collect Personal Data from other sources and combine that with Personal Data we collect from you through the Tripmaker Platform, as described below.
Third-Party Connected Services
The Tripmaker Platform may also enable you to connect your Tripmaker App account with third-party applications and service providers. These connected third-party applications may enable Personal Data about you to be transferred into the Tripmaker Platform. For example, if you book airline travel using a connected third-party application from the airline, the corresponding booking information may be transferred into the Tripmaker Platform. Your use of any third-party applications is subject to the terms and conditions you have agreed to with such third parties, including third-party privacy notices, and Tripmaker is not responsible for the quality or accuracy of third-party data available to the Tripmaker Platform from third parties.
Third-Party Social Sign-Ins
You can sign in to the Tripmaker Platform using third-party social sign-ins (e.g. Facebook). These social sign-in providers will share certain Personal Data with us as described in their sign-in notices or in their privacy policies, which might include information such as your name, profile picture, age range, gender, and other public information. We encourage you to review relevant third parties privacy polices prior to signing in through them.
Cookies, Analytics, and Tracking
When you use the Tripmaker Platform through the Site, some information such as Internet protocol (IP) address, device or browser information, logs, or clickstream information is automatically collected about your usage and activity to address technical support issues and understand how you use the Site. Tripmaker may use certain tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, or third-party analytics tools to obtain such information. Our App utilizes tracking technologies from third-party service providers we have engaged to provide services on our behalf. In some cases, these are analytics providers that provide services such as application analytics and crash reporting. In other cases, these are advertising or campaign measurement providers. These providers may also automatically collect some of the information described above, including, for example, usage information, IP address, access times, browser type and language, device type, device identifiers, and Wi-Fi information. These providers may also automatically collect the above information about you through the App and on other sites and services, including personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites, devices, online services, and applications when you use our App. Some third parties help us and others associate your activities across the browsers and devices you use, or that your household uses, for retargeting, cross-device advertising, analytics, and measurement purposes. The third-party analytics and advertising providers we use include but not limited to: Google Analytics, Facebook Analytics, Amplitude, UXCam and others. Some third-party providers allow you choices about their collection or use of your information. Some of these providers may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
Contacts
If you would like us to invite another individual to join the Tripmaker Platform, you may provide us their email address so that we may send them an invitation on your behalf to visit the Tripmaker Platform. When using the App, the App may also access your device contacts if you enable those permissions.
Location Data
Certain features of the Tripmaker Platform may collect precise geolocation data, including through GPS (global positioning systems), IP address, and other location-based technologies. Additional information about these features is provided below, along with the settings screens for the features in the App.
How Personal Data Is Used
Tripmaker will use Personal Data as described in this Policy and as disclosed to you in the Tripmaker Platform, which include for the following purposes:
-	Creating and maintaining your travel itineraries and your profile and otherwise providing, operating, hosting, maintaining, connecting, and improving the Tripmaker Platform. Responding to your comments and questions and providing customer service.
-	Training and operating automated systems that recognize and extract user behavior. Updating you on new features and functionality of the Tripmaker Platform, as well as other news and information about products and services offered by Tripmaker, other affiliated companies, and our selected partners.
-	Providing you information via email or another form of electronic notification related to your use, requests, and purchases, such as transaction confirmations, invoices, technical notices, and other notices about security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Tripmaker Platform.
-	Personalizing your Tripmaker Platform experience, content, marketing, and recommendations, including to target content and services to more closely match your interests or location.
-	Creating anonymized data sets from Personal Data to improve our and our affiliates’ products and services.
-	Enforcing our terms and conditions or protecting our business, partners, or users.
-	Protecting against, investigating, and deterring fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing, or illegal activity.
Choices You Have Regarding Personal Data
Profile and Transaction Information
If you wish to ask for access, correction, or deletion of any of your information held by us, or a change in the way we use your information, please contact us at: privacy@unikoom.com. We reserve the right to charge you a fee, as permitted by applicable law, and may decline requests that are unreasonable, prohibited by law, or are not required to be honored by applicable law.
Location Data
The Tripmaker Platform provide features that require your precise location and the use of location services on your mobile device through the App. You may enable or disable these services in the privacy settings in your mobile device. The Tripmaker Platform may also provide you with navigation services. These services require that location services on your mobile device be enabled only when you are using the App.
Connections with Other Services
You may now, if available, or in the future, choose to connect other third-party services with the Tripmaker Platform.  Some of those third-party services may be featured on the Tripmaker Platform and give you social-media options to interact with buttons or widgets that let you “like” information or post information about your activities publicly from the Tripmaker Platform to third-party sites and platforms or privately within your network. By connecting your Tripmaker Platform account with third-party services, you enable third-party services to access the Tripmaker Platform API and gain access to your trip plan information, as well as your profile information. Their use of this information is governed by their user terms with you and their privacy policies.
Email and Marketing Choices
You can unsubscribe from promotional emails by: (1) following the unsubscribe instructions in our emails; or (2) emailing us at privacy@unikoom.com. Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email messages, we may still need to contact you with important transactional information related to your account and your use of the Service. For example, even if you have unsubscribed from our email messages, we will still send you emails relating to security, billing, or account services such as password reset
Connections, Groups, and Sharing Your Travel Information
The Tripmaker Platform may enable you to keep in touch with your contacts and other members of the Tripmaker Platform when you travel, such as by importing your contacts as described above. You may also invite other Tripmaker Platform users to become connections in your personal network within the Tripmaker Service or search for and join groups of Tripmaker Platform users so that you can more easily coordinate travel plans and share travel information. In your settings menu, you may configure certain privacy controls that enable the sharing of profile information, traveler information, and itinerary information and statistics with other users or with the general public (including external search engines). You can share specific itineraries with both Tripmaker Platform users and non-users. If we send an itinerary on your behalf to a non-user, you represent that you have permission to direct us to send said information to such person.
Analytics and Tracking
It may not always be possible to disable tracking and analytics technologies in the App. We may not recognize or respond to every type of "do not track" signal or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personal Data about an individual consumer’s in app activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
How Tripmaker Shares Personal Data
The Tripmaker Platform may share your Personal Data as described in this Policy and as follows:
-	With your consent.
-	With third parties to the extent that you have enabled a connection between your Tripmaker Platform account and a third-party service.
-	With other TTripmaker users or the public through your public profile in accordance with your privacy settings, if you share trip plans, and if you grant another Tripmaker user access to manage or view your travel plans.
-	When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Tripmaker, our users, or others; and in connection with the enforcement of our terms and contracts.
-	In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, acquisition, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. We may assign or transfer your information as part of the transaction. With third-party vendors, consultants, and other service providers that are working on our behalf and need access to your information to provide specific services to us as part of the Tripmaker Platform, such as credit card processing companies, or hosting, email messaging, or SMS providers.
-	In an aggregated form that does not directly identify you.
-	As required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served to us.
How Personal Data May Be Transferred
The Tripmaker Platform operate from data centers in multiple locations globally, including United States, Europe, and Asia. Using the Tripmaker Platform may result in the transfer, use, processing, or storage of Personal Data to a country where Tripmaker operates or maintains facilities or service centers, including jurisdictions that may not have data privacy laws that provide protections equivalent to those provided in your home country. Tripmaker takes steps designed to ensure that the Personal Data is processed according to applicable law wherever the data is located and the provisions of our agreements, including any intercompany data-processing agreements among corporate affiliates.
By providing your information to us through your use of the Tripmaker Platform, you agree to that transfer, storage, and processing of your Personal Data globally.
Rights for Certain Users
Tripmaker adheres to applicable data protection laws in the European Economic Area (EEA), which, if applicable to you, include the following rights:
-	Where processing of Personal Data is based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw consent at any time for future processing.
-	You have a right to request access to, rectification, or erasure of your Personal Data, or to transfer or receive a copy of your Personal Data in a usable format.
-	You have a right to object to the processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances.
-	You have a right to lodge a complaint with an applicable data protection authority.
-	Unkioom, LLC is the controller of your Personal Data for the Tripmaker Platform, and is located at 1253 Worcester Rd Suite 301 Framingham MA 01701 USA which you may contact at privacy@unikoom.com. The data protection officer for Unikoom is Mike Tokar (privacy@unikoom.com).
If applicable under French law, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal information after your death by contacting us at privacy@unikoom.com.
The services hereunder are not intended for use by the citizens of the Russian Federation who reside in Russia. If you are a Russian citizen residing in Russia, you are hereby notified that any Personal Data that you input into the services will be solely at your own risk and responsibility. You explicitly agree that we may accumulate your Personal Data and will process this data in the United States and in other countries, and that you will not hold Tripmaker accountable for any potential nonobservance of the Russian Federation legislation.
Security and Retention of Personal Data
We maintain data handling and storage practices and procedures that are designed to promote the integrity and confidentiality of the personally identifiable information. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to provide the Tripmaker Platform and for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different services, actual retention periods can vary significantly. The criteria used to determine retention include (1) the length of time Personal Data is needed to provide the applicable services (such as maintaining and improving the performance of the Tripmaker Platform, enabling system security measures, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records); (2) if users have provided, created, or maintained Personal Data with the expectation that we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it (in which case we may maintain the data until actively deleted by the user); (3) whether the Personal Data is of a sensitive type (a shortened retention time may be appropriate); and (4) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data (such as mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation).
Updates and Questions
We may update these Terms of Service from time to time without notice to you other than posting the revised policy on the Tripmaker Platform or by providing such notice about or obtaining consent to changes as may be required by applicable law. If we change our Policy, we will post those changes to this Policy and change the effective date above. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you have any questions about this Policy, or to file any complaint regarding this policy, please contact us at the following address:
Unikoom, LLC
1253 Worcester Rd Suite 301
Framingham MA 01701 USA
Attention: Privacy Policy Manager
Telephone: +1 (508) 834-9860
privacy@unikoom.com
Tripmaker will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information by referencing the privacy principles stated in this Policy.
Unikoom, LLC | All rights reserved | ©
2025