Effective Date: November 28th, 2023
Last Updated Date: November 25th, 2023
PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT (THE
“TERMS”
) CAREFULLY AS THEY
FORM A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND
QUPPY EUROPE OU ,
an
Estonian company with the address at Harju Maakond, Tallinn, Kesklinna Iinnaosa, Parda tn 3-326, 10151, Estonia
(“
QUPPY
” OR “
WE
AND ITS DERIVATIVES).
THIS SITE AND ANY OTHER SITES OF QUPPY (COLLECTIVELY, THE
“SITE”
) AND THE INFORMATION ON IT ARE CONTROLLED BY QUPPY. THESE TERMS GOVERN THE USE OF THE SITE AND APPLY TO ALL VISITORS TO THE SITE AND THOSE WHO USE THE CURRENCY MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE, INCLUDING VIRTUAL CURRENCE SERVICES, EXCHANGE SERVICES AND E-WALLET SERVICES AS CENTRILISED AND DECENTRALISED (
WALLET
) THAT IS DOWNLOADABLE FROM THE SITE (THE “
SOFTWARE
”), AS WELL AS OTHER SERVICES AND RESOURCES AVAILABLE OR ENABLED VIA THE WALLET OR SITE,
OR VIA OUR PARTNERS SEVICES AS DESCRIBED BELOW
(EACH A
“SERVICE”
AND COLLECTIVELY, THE
“SERVICES”,
WHICH TERM INCLUDES THE SOFTWARE AND THE SITE UNLESS EXPLICITLY SET FORTH BELOW).
THIS DOCUMENT SETS OUT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR QUPPY WALLET AND RELATED SERVICES USING QUPPY SOFTWARE.
BY CLICKING ON THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE AND/OR BROWSING THE SITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT
(1) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS,
(2) YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO FORM A BINDING CONTRACT WITH QUPPY,
AND
(3) YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THE TERMS PERSONALLY OR ON BEHALF OF THE LEGAL ENTITY ON FOR WHOM YOU ARE USING THE SERVICES.
THE TERM
“YOU”
REFERS TO YOU INDIVIDUALLY OR THE LEGAL ENTITY ON WHOSE BEHALF THE SERVICES ARE USED, AS APPLICABLE.
IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE
SERVICES
.
Quppy may modify these Terms at any time and in our sole discretion. If we do so, we will change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of these Terms and, as available, inform you through or within the Services. By continuing to use the Site or Services following the release of updated Terms you consent to such updated Terms.
We invite you to check this page regularly for updates to the Terms.
Use of the Services. The Software, the Site, the Services, and the information and content available therein (“Quppy Content”) are protected worldwide by copyright laws. Subject to the Terms, Quppy grants you a limited license to reproduce portions of Quppy Content solely as required to use the Services for your personal or internal business purposes. Unless otherwise specified by Quppy in a separate license, your right to use any Quppy Content is subject to these Terms.
Quppy is not a bank or
financial institution and does not provide investment or financial advice or
consulting services to users of the Services. We are solely the provider of the
Services.
SEPA / Euro Transactions. By entering this Terms, you agree to the terms of use of our Canadian MSB partner
https://2payapp.com/terms.html
and /or Clear Junction, our euro-based SEPA processing partner.
LATAM transactions. By entering this Terms, you agree to the terms of use of our LATAM Partner such as FACILITA PAGAMENTOS S/A, our Brazilian based processing partner, and it can be found here:
https://www.facilitapay.com/terms-and-conditions
.
Crypto exchange. By entering this Terms, you agree to the terms of use of our crypto exchange and wallet provider Partner such as Digital Lamp sp. z.o.o., and it can be found here:
https://digitallamp.co/terms.html
1.1.4 You undertake not to use the Service to perform criminal activity of any sort, including but not limited to, money laundering, illegal gambling operations, financing terrorist organizations, or malicious hacking. You are responsible for any and all damages caused and all liability actions brought against Quppy for infringement of any third party rights or violation of any applicable laws.
1.1.5. You can use our Services only if you can lawfully enter into this agreement with Quppy under applicable law. If you use our Services, you agree to do so in compliance with Terms and with applicable laws and regulations. You are solely responsible for understanding and complying with any and all laws, rules and regulations of Your specific jurisdiction that may be applicable to You in connection with the use of any and all Services.
1.1.6. To use the Services You must:
- be at least 18 years old;
establish the Wallet in accordance with the instructions given in these Terms, on our website and/or our Android and iOS mobile apps;
- not be in violation of any of the provisions of these Terms or applicable laws and regulations,
- not be a resident of any of the High Risk or  Restricted Countries where cryptocurrency banned and as stated in
Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing and according to the list of
Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
1.1.7. To use the Services You must apply for Services and provide all requested information. You must not provide any false, inaccurate, incomplete or misleading information. You must notify Quppy immediately upon any change of the information provided for the Wallet registration by sending us email at info@quppy.com or by using mobile app's interface. The usage of your information is a subject of the Privacy Policy which provides details of Your information that Quppy collects, how such information is used, and who Quppy shares it with.
Depending on where you use the Software, this may include a processing of your personal information outside of the European Economic Area, and by using the Services you agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed outside the European Economic Area, for the purposes as stated in our Privacy Policy.
1.2. Quppy Software.
Use of the Software is governed by these Terms. Quppy delivers the Software via download and Quppy will not provide you with any tangible copy of the Software. Subject to your compliance with the Terms, Quppy grants you a non-assignable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, and non-exclusive license to use the Software on devices you own or control solely for your personal or internal purposes. There are no special technical requirements to use the Service. Nevertheless, you have to have a computer or a mobile device with Internet or data services
Because the Software is locally installed, you are
responsible for the security of the device on which it is installed, including
ensuring that you keep anti-virus software current and otherwise protect the
device on which the Software is installed against malware.
Quppy is not
responsible for any loss or damages – including loss of funds or lockout from
accounts accessed via the Software – resulting from your failure to keep the
device on which the Software is installed safe and free of any malware. Quppy
cannot recover passwords or unlock account information stored in your decentralized Wallet and on the Software
in any circumstances, including if the Software is compromised by malware on
your computer, and it is your sole responsibility to take all reasonable precautions
to secure and backup your copy of the Software and the information stored on it.
1.3.
Updates.
The Software and Services are evolving and you may be required you to accept or install updates to the Software or Services, or update third party software (i.e., browsers or OS)  in order to keep using the Software or Services or access their latest features, including security updates. We may update the Software and Services at any time, without providing notice.
1.4.
Certain Restrictions.
By accessing the Services, you agree not to: (a) license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, reproduce, distribute, host or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or Quppy Content, or any portion thereof, including on a service bureau or equivalent basis; (b) frame or enclose any trademark, logo, or other Quppy Content, (including images, text, page layout or form); (c) use any metatags or other “hidden text” using Quppy’ name or trademarks; (d) modify, translate, adapt, merge, make derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Services or Software (except to the extent this restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law); (e) use any manual or automated software, devices or other processes (including spiders or other data mining tools) to “scrape” or download
data from any web pages in the Site (except that we grant operators of public search engines revocable permission to do so for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices (but not caches or archives) of such content; (f) access the Site, Services, or Software in order to build a similar or competitive Site, Services, or Software; (g) copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post or transmit any Quppy Content except as expressly permitted herein; and (h) remove or destroy any copyright notices or other proprietary markings contained on or in the Services or Quppy Content. Quppy, its suppliers and service providers reserve all rights not granted in the Terms. Any unauthorized use of the Services terminates the licenses
granted by Quppy herein.
1.5
.
Third-Party Services.
The Services may incorporate, or may provide access to, applications or materials that are hosted by another party, including digital currencies such as Ethereum and Bitcoin or cryptocurrency exchanges (e.g. Shape-Shift, Digital lamp) (collectively, “
Third Party Services
”).
You agree that it is impossible for Quppy to monitor Third Party Services and that you access them at your own risk.
Do not share
any credential, private key, or other sensitive information with any third party
without validating their legitimacy
.
To the extent Third Party Services incorporated into or linked to the Services (i.e., communications functionality) have terms that differ from these Terms, you may be required to agree to those terms in order to access the Third Party Service.
We do not control the terms, policies, or performance of
any third party, and are not responsible for any performance, or failure to perform,
of any Third Party Services, including with respect to exchange rates, processing
of transactions, and similar activities.
1.6
.
User Content
. You are responsible for all data and information provided or uploaded by you to the Services (“
User Content
”), whether publicly posted (i.e., in a user forum, if applicable) or privately transmitted (i.e., to us in connection with a support request). You are solely responsible for the accuracy and completeness of User Content you submit, and represent and warrant that you have all rights required in order to post such User Content. We may, in our sole discretion, delete any User Content that we determine violates these Terms. To the extent that you provide us with or we may have access to any information that allows us to identify you or any other individual (“
Personal Information
”) in connection with your use of the Services, we will preserve, safeguard, and use such information as set forth in our
Privacy Policy
.
1.7. YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
You have the right to use the Services, as long as you agree to and actually complies with these Terms. You undertakes to monitor all and any changes on Your Wallet and immediately inform Quppy about any unusual, suspicious, unclear or abnormal changes on your Wallet or/and any unauthorized use of your Account or password, or any other breach of security. Otherwise you will be responsible for any loss or damage You, Quppy or/and third parties may incur as a result.
2. Ownership.
2.1.
Generally.
Quppy and its suppliers own all right, title and interest in and to the Site, Services, Software, and Quppy Content. You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Site, the Services, or Quppy Content.
2.2.
Trademarks.
Quppy Europe and other related graphics, logos, service marks and trade names used on or in connection with the Services are the trademarks of Quppy and may not be used without permission in connection with any third-party products or services. Other trademarks, service marks and trade names that may appear on or in the Site or Services are the property of their respective owners.
2.3.
User Content
. You own your User Content. By posting, displaying, sharing or distributing User Content on or through the Services, you grant us, and any Third Party Services used in connection with the Services, a nonexclusive license to use the User Content solely for the purpose of operating the Services. Except as prohibited by applicable law, we may disclose any information in our possession (including User Content) in connection with your use of the Services, to
(a) comply with legal process;
(b) enforce these Terms,
(c) respond to your requests for customer service, or
(d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Quppy, our employees, directors or officers, partners and agents, or members of the public.
2.4.
Feedback.
You may provide ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals about the Services to Quppy through any means (
“Feedback”
), and you grant Quppy a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and sublicensable right and license to use Feedback for any legitimate purpose.
3.
User Conduct.
You may not use the Services for any purpose that is prohibited by the Terms or applicable law. You will not (and will not permit any third party to) take any action or make available any content on or through the Services that: (a) infringes any intellectual property rights of any person or entity; (b) is unlawful, threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortious, obscene, or offensive; (c) is unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail; (d) involves commercial activities and/or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes; (e) impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of Quppy; (f) interferes with the proper functioning of the Services; (g) engages in any potentially harmful acts directed against the Services, including violating any security features of the Services, introducing viruses, worms, or
similar harmful code into the Services; or (h) attempts to do any of the foregoing.
4.
Investigations.
Although Quppy does not generally monitor user activity on the Site or Services, if Quppy becomes aware of any possible violations by you of any provision of the Terms, Quppy may investigate such violations, at its sole discretion, take any of the actions set forth in Section 10 below.
5.
Third-Party Properties.
The Services may contain links to third-party websites and applications (collectively,
“Third-Party Properties”
). When you click on a link to a Third- Party Property, we will not warn you that you have left the Services and are subject to the terms and conditions (including privacy policies) of another website or application.
Quppy provides these Third-Party Properties only as a convenience and does not make any representations with respect to Third-Party Properties, or their products or services.
You use Third-Party Properties at your own risk. You should review applicable terms and
policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any Third-Party Properties, and should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any third party.
6.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold Quppy, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors (collectively, the
“Quppy
Parties”
) harmless from any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) relating to or arising out of:
(a) your use of, or inability to use, the Services;
(b) your violation of the Terms;
(c) your violation of any rights of another party, including any other users of the Services;
or (d) your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
Quppy may, at its own cost, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Quppy in asserting any available defenses. This provision does not require you to indemnify any Quppy Party for any fraud, gross negligence, or willful misconduct in connection with the Services.
7. Disclaimer of Warranties.
7.1.
As Is.
THE SITE, SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND QUPPY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF THE SITE, SERVICES, AND SOFTWARE, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL RISK OF USE OF THE SITE, SERVICES, AND SOFTWARE RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
7.2.
Beta Releases
. FROM TIME TO TIME, QUPPY MAY OFFER NEW “BETA” FEATURES OR TOOLS WITH WHICH ITS USERS MAY EXPERIMENT. SUCH FEATURES OR TOOLS ARE OFFERED SOLELY FOR EXPERIMENTAL PURPOSES, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND MAY BE MODIFIED OR DISCONTINUED AT QUPPY’ SOLE DISCRETION.
7.3.
Third Party Conduct.
QUPPY IS NOT LIABLE, AND YOU AGREE NOT TO SEEK TO HOLD QUPPY LIABLE, FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES ON OR ACCESSED VIA THE SERVICES, INCLUDING OPERATORS OF THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND THIRD PARTY PROPERTIES AND OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES, AND THAT THE RISK OF INJURY FROM SUCH THIRD PARTIES RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
8. Limitation of Liability.
8.1.
Disclaimer.
IN NO EVENT WILL QUPPY BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUE OR DATA, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES OR COSTS DUE TO LOSS OF PRODUCTION OR USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, WHETHER OR NOT QUPPY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY ASSERTED.
8.2.
Cap on Liability.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL QUPPY BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE SERVICES EXCEEDING $100.
8.3.
Exceptions.
The limitations in Sections 8.1 and 8.2 will not apply to damages caused by the fraud, gross negligence, or willful misconduct of Quppy, or to the extent such limitations are precluded by applicable law (in which case Quppy’ liability will be increased to the minimum amount required to comply with such law).
8.4.Any activity related to cryptocurrency carries with it significant risks. Prior to using Quppy services, you should carefully consider the risks. If you are in any doubt as to the actions you should take, please consult your legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor(s). If any of the risks are unacceptable to you, you should not use our services. You acknowledge and agree that you will access and use the services at your own risk.
9. Term and Termination.
9.1.
Term.
The Terms commence on the date when you accept them (as described in the preamble above) and remain in full force and effect for so long as you access or use the Site, Services, or Software, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Section 9.
9.2
. Termination by Quppy.
Quppy may, at any time and for any reason, cease providing any or all of the Services, and/or terminate the Terms. Without limiting the foregoing, we may also terminate your access to any or all of the Services If you materially breach any provision of the Terms, or if Quppy is required to do so by law (e.g., where the provision of the Services is, or becomes, unlawful).
9.3.
Termination by You.
Except as set forth in Section 9.4, these Terms will be of no further force and effect with respect to you if you cease all use of the Services and Software and no longer visit the Site.
9.4.
Effect of Termination.
Upon termination of any Service, your right to use such Service will automatically terminate immediately. Quppy will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any suspension or termination. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination of Services will do so, including Sections 2, 6,7, 8, 9.4, 10 and 11.
10.
Dispute Resolution
10.1. Applicability of Arbitration
.
You agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to your access or use of the Site, Services, or Software, or to any aspect of your relationship with Quppy, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that (1) you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify, so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non representative) basis; and (2) you or Quppy may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents).
This Arbitration
Agreement will apply, without limitation, to all claims that arose or were asserted
before the Effective Date of this Agreement or any prior version of this Agreement.
IF YOU AGREE TO ARBITRATION WITH QUPPY, YOU ARE AGREEING IN ADVANCE THAT YOU WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN OR SEEK TO RECOVER MONETARY OR OTHER RELIEF IN ANY LAWSUIT FILED AGAINST QUPPY ALLEGING CLASS, COLLECTIVE, AND/OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIMS ON YOUR BEHALF. INSTEAD, YOU MAY BRING YOUR CLAIMS AGAINST QUPPY IN AN INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION PROCEEDING. IF SUCCESSFUL ON SUCH CLAIMS, YOU COULD BE AWARDED MONEY OR OTHER RELIEF BY AN ARBITRATOR. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT YOU MAY CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY IN DECIDING WHETHER TO ACCEPT THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.
10.2.
Survival of Agreement
.
This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with
Quppy
.
10.3. Modification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if Quppy makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, it will not apply to any individual claim(s) that you had already provided notice of to Quppy.
11. General Provisions.
11.1.
Electronic Communications.
Communications between you and Quppy use electronic means, whether made via the Site or Services or sent via e-mail, or whether Quppy posts notices on the Site or Services. For contractual purposes, you (1) consent to receive communications from Quppy in an electronic form; and (2) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Quppy provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were to be in writing.
11.2.
Assignment.
The Terms, and your rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated or otherwise transferred by you without Quppy’s prior written consent.
11.3.
Force Majeure.
Quppy will not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents ,electricity supply interruptions, 3d parities’ stop of services, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities,  energy, labor or materials.
11.4.
Complaints, Claims, Disputes
If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Site, Services or Software, please contact us at:
support@quppy.com
or
Quppy Europe OU
Harju Maakond, Tallinn, Kesklinna Iinnaosa, Parda tn 3-326, 10151, Estonia
We will do our best to address your concerns.
Refund, Cancellation
Our Services connected to the transactions and deemed to be provided after transaction have been performed, if you have any requests regarding your transaction  please write your request and details to
support@quppy.com
from the authorized email.
11.5.
Governing Law.
THE TERMS AND ANY ACTION RELATED THERETO WILL BE GOVERNED AND INTERPRETED BY AND UNDER THE LAWS OF THE REPUBLIC OF ESTONIA, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY PRINCIPLES THAT PROVIDE FOR THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.
Any disputes related to the Terms or the Quppy Software shall be heard in the courts of Republic of Estonia.
11.6.
Notice.
Where Quppy requires that you provide an e-mail address, you are responsible for providing Quppy with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address you provided to Quppy is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you any notices required/ permitted by the Terms, Quppy’s dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice.
Notice will be deemed given when received by Quppy by letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first class postage prepaid mail at the above address.
11.7.
Waiver.
Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of the Terms on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.
11.8.
Severability.
If any portion of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion will be construed in a manner to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intention of the parties, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
11.9.
Entire Agreement.
These Terms are the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
Related articles
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Digital Fraud and Fraud Prevention Activities
Terms and Conditions for the Bluecode services
Quppy Referral program
How long do transfers take?
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.quppy.com/hc/en-us/articles/10542496942865-Bluecode-Software-Privacy-Policy:
Quppy
Legal
Legal: Policies on Fraud Prevention, Bluecode, and Quppy
Articles in this section
Digital Fraud and Fraud Prevention Activities
Terms and Conditions for the Quppy Cashback Promotion at Müller Stores
Bluecode Software Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions for the Bluecode services
Nutzungsbedingungen für Bluecode Zahlungen
Quppy Referral program
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
Datenschutzerklärung
Bluecode Software
Fassung Dezember 2021
(SDK VAS V12/2021)
Verantwortlicher
Verantwortlich im Sinne des Datenschutzrechts für die Erhebung und Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten durch die Bluecode Software ist die
Blue Code International AG
CHE-281.323.867, Handelsregister-Amt Schwyz
Schützenstrasse 7
CH-8853 Lachen
Schweiz
E-Mail: office@bluecode.com
Datenschutz-Vertreter in der EU im Sinne von Art. 27 DSGVO als Anlaufstelle für Aufsichtsbehörden und betroffene Personen bei sämtlichen Fragen im Zusammenhang mit dem EU-Datenschutzrecht:
Secure Payment Technologies GmbH
FN 364923 b, Handelsgericht Innsbruck
Müllerstr. 27
A-6020 Innsbruck
Austria
E-Mail: datenschutz@spt-payments.com
Datenerhebung bei Nutzung der Bluecode Software in einer App
Unter „Bluecode Software“ wird die Software verstanden, die für die Nutzung der Bluecode Zahlungsfunktion einschließlich möglicher Mehrwertdienste (wie z.B. die Verknüpfung mit einem Bonusprogramm), in eine App integriert ist. Eine solche App wird im Rahmen dieses Dokuments auch als „Bluecode-fähige App“ bezeichnet. Wir, die Blue Code International AG, respektieren die Privatsphäre aller Personen, die die Bluecode Zahlungsfunktion in einer Bluecode-fähigen App nutzen.
Daher möchten wir Sie darüber informieren, welche Daten wir von Ihnen verarbeiten. Es handelt sich hierbei um technische Daten, welche weiter unten unter dem Punkt „Datenerhebung“ detaillierter aufgelistet sind.
Wir, die Blue Code International AG, kennen Ihre Identität (= Name des Bluecode Nutzers) nicht.
Bei der Nutzung von „Minis“ (Mehrwertfunktionen von Drittanbietern) kann es notwendig sein, dass für deren Nutzung personenbezogene Daten anzugeben sind und verarbeitet werden, wobei hier die jeweiligen Datenschutzhinweise des Anbieters der Mini gelten. Die Blue Code International AG verarbeitet diese Daten nicht.
Die Nutzung der Bluecode Zahlungsfunktion in einer App mittels der Bluecode Software macht die Verarbeitung verschiedener Informationen erforderlich (diese finden Sie unter dem Punkt „Datenerhebung“ aufgelistet), damit Sie alle Funktionalitäten der Bluecode Software, und somit der Bluecode Zahlungsfunktion, sicher in der jeweiligen App nutzen können. Darüber hinaus richtet sich der Umfang der Datenverarbeitung danach, welche Funktionalitäten Sie nutzen und inwieweit Sie uns eine entsprechende Einwilligung dazu erteilt haben (z.B. hinsichtlich Ihrer Standortdaten).
Wir halten uns an alle geltenden Datensicherheits- und Datenschutzgesetze, einschließlich der jeweils geltenden EU-Datenschutzvorschriften. Wir behandeln Ihre persönlichen Informationen vertraulich und gemäß den gesetzlichen Anforderungen.
Die Datenschutzerklärung und Nutzungsbedingungen für die Zahlungsfunktion Bluecode bzw. für das Bluecode Lastschriftverfahren finden Sie im jeweiligen Registrierungsprozess und werden nicht mit uns geschlossen, sondern mit dem jeweiligen Herausgeber/Anbieter.
Datenerhebung
Bei Nutzung der Bluecode Software, d.h. wenn Sie in einer Bluecode-fähigen App Bluecode nutzen, erheben wir die nachfolgend beschriebenen technischen Daten, um Ihnen die Funktionen der mobilen Zahlungsmethode anzubieten und deren Stabilität und Sicherheit zu gewährleisten (Rechtsgrundlage ist Vertragserfüllung gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b DSGVO):
• IP-Adresse
• User agent (Browser und Betriebssystem)
• Standortdaten (basierend auf GPS oder IP- Adresse)
• Eindeutige Werbe-Identifikatoren für iOS- und Android-Geräte (IDFA/Android
Advertising ID)
• Datum und Uhrzeit von Anfragen
• Inhalt der Anforderung (konkreter Seitenaufruf bzw. Aktivität)
• Zugriffsstatus/HTTP-Statuscode
• jeweils übertragene Datenmenge
• Sprache (sog. Locale)
• Betriebssystem und Version
Die IP-Adresse ist eine Online-Kennung. Jedes Gerät, welches sich ins Internet einwählt, bekommt vom jeweiligen Internet-Anbieter eine IP-Adresse zugewiesen. Diese ermöglicht eine eindeutige Identifizierung und Erreichbarkeit des Geräts. Die Verarbeitung der IP-Adresse durch uns ist notwendig, um eine Verbindung zwischen Ihrem Endgerät und unserem Server zu ermöglichen. Hierfür muss Ihre IP-Adresse für die Dauer der Sitzung gespeichert bleiben.
Wenn Sie die Bluecode Software nutzen, werden Daten zu Ihrem Standort für die Anzeige von Händlern in Ihrer Nähe, welche eine Zahlung mittels Bluecode akzeptieren, erhoben (siehe unten „Zugriffsrechte“). Außerdem ermöglicht uns die Erhebung Ihrer Standortdaten, Ihnen personalisierte Informationen und Werbeangebote dieser Händler anzuzeigen. Die Übertragung Ihrer Standortdaten erfolgt über eine verschlüsselte Verbindung.
Die eindeutigen Werbe-Identifikatoren für iOS- (Identifier for Advertiser, kurz „IDFA“) und Android-Geräte (Android Advertising-ID, kurz „AAID“) sind zufällige Gerätekennungen, die das
Betriebssystem dem Gerät eines Nutzers zuweist. Diese werden verwendet, um die Nutzung der App durch den Nutzer zu verfolgen und ihn wiederzuerkennen ohne persönliche Informationen preiszugeben. Wir verwenden diese, damit wir für Sie personalisierte Werbeanzeigen/-angebote bereitstellen können (Rechtsgrundlage ist unser berechtigtes Interesse zur Bereitstellung von Werbung, welche für Sie von Interesse ist gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO).
Darüber hinaus erheben wir Nutzungsdaten, die bei der Nutzung der Bluecode Software in der jeweiligen App entstehen (z.B. App Sessions, Sessiondauer, App Interaktionen), um diese zur Verbesserung unserer Funktionen und Individualisierung von Werbeanzeigen und -angeboten verarbeiten zu können (Rechtsgrundlage ist unser berechtigtes Interesse zur Optimierung unserer Software-Funktionen gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO).
Zugriffsrechte
Sofern Sie bestimmte Services von uns nutzen wollen, benötigen wir die folgenden Zugriffsrechte (welche Sie für die Bluecode-fähige App aktivieren müssen), um auf bestimmte Funktionen Ihres Geräts zugreifen zu können:
• Eindeutige Werbe-Identifikatoren für iOS- und Android-Geräte (um individuelle bzw. personalisierte Werbeanzeigen/-angebote bereitzustellen). Nähere Infos finden Sie weiter unten (Einsatz von Analyse Tools → Retargeting).
• Standort (zur Anzeige der Bluecode Händler in Ihrer Nähe bzw. für Werbeanzeigen/-angebote dieser Händler)
• Internetverbindung (um alle Funktionen innerhalb der Bluecode Software anbieten zu können)
• Kamera (für das Scannen von z.B. QR-Codes)
• Netzwerkstatus (z.B. ob das Gerät offline ist, u.a. für das Laden von Inhalten)
Die Verarbeitung der erhobenen Daten erfolgt auf der Grundlage des Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a bzw. b DSGVO aufgrund Ihrer Einwilligung bzw. um Ihnen die uneingeschränkte Nutzung der Bluecode Software anbieten zu können. Zudem erfolgt die Verarbeitung auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Unsere Interessen ergeben sich als berechtigt im Sinne der vorgenannten Vorschrift und folgen aus den oben aufgelisteten Zwecken zur Datenverarbeitung.
Änderung dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, im Zuge der Implementierung neuer Technologien, der Verwendung neuer oder Entfernung bisheriger Tools, bei Änderung der Rechtslage oder der Art der Datenerfassung, diese Datenschutzbestimmungen unter Einhaltung der gesetzlichen Vorgaben jederzeit zu ändern. Sie finden die aktuelle Datenschutzerklärung in der App unter den Einstellungen/Datenschutz.
Empfänger von Daten und Datenübermittlung in Drittländer
Die Daten, die wir von Ihnen im Rahmen der Nutzung der Bluecode Software (d.h. der Nutzung der Bluecode Zahlungsfunktion und ggf. Mehrwertdienste in der jeweiligen App) erheben, werden lediglich mit in die Datenverarbeitung eingeschalteten Auftragsverarbeitern auf der Grundlage einer gültigen Vereinbarung zur Auftragsdatenverarbeitung übermittelt (Rechtsgrundlage ist Vertragserfüllung, um Ihnen die uneingeschränkte Nutzung der Bluecode Software anbieten zu können gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO sowie unser berechtigtes Interesse zur Optimierung der Software gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO).
Die Daten, die wir von Ihnen im Rahmen der Nutzung der Bluecode Software erheben, werden in der Regel nicht in Drittländer außerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraumes übermittelt.
Beim Einsatz der folgenden Anwendungen können Daten in Drittländer übermittelt werden:
• Sentry (Fehlerverfolgung und Alarmierung)
• Mixpanel (Datenauswertung und -visualisierung)
Die konkreten Details zur Datenübermittlung finden Sie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung an den jeweiligen Stellen der einzelnen Funktionen („Einsatz von Analyse Tools“).
Zur Erfüllung gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen kann eine Weitergabe von Informationen an entsprechende staatliche Stellen erfolgen, z.B. bei strafrechtlichen Verfahren auf richterliche Anordnung (Rechtsgrundlage ist die Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. c DSGVO).
Einsatz von Analyse Tools
Wir bedienen uns u.a. Drittanbietern, welche Ihre Daten unter Umständen in den USA verarbeiten. In diesem Zusammenhang weisen wir Sie darauf hin, dass die Europäische Kommission den USA derzeit kein angemessenes EU-Datenschutzniveau bescheinigt und ein dementsprechender Schutz somit hier nicht sichergestellt werden kann:
Sentry
Wir verwenden das Fehlermanagement-Tool Sentry der Functional Software Inc., 132 Hawthorne Street, San Francisco, USA. Sentry bietet eine Echtzeit-Fehlerverfolgung u.a. für Web-Apps und mobile Apps, die es Entwicklern ermöglicht, Abstürze zu reproduzieren und zu beheben, um die technische Stabilität der App durch Überwachung der Systemstabilität und Ermittlung von Codefehlern zu verbessern. Sentry dient allein diesen Zielen und wertet keine Daten zu Werbezwecken aus.
Sollten wir Fehler oder Abweichungen feststellen, erfassen wir die von Ihnen getätigten Zugriffe auf unsere Online-Dienste, um die Ursache zu ermitteln und das Problem zu beheben. Dabei ist eine Verarbeitung von Nutzungsdaten, IP-Adressen und Gerätekennungen nicht ausgeschlossen, diese Daten werden aber sofort anonymisiert und nicht personenbezogen genutzt sowie nach 90 Tagen gelöscht.
Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung im Rahmen der Nutzung von Sentry ist unser berechtigtes Interesse an der Ermittlung von Fehlern in unserem System zur Gewährleistung einer nutzergerechten Gestaltung unserer Angebote gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 f DSGVO.
Weitere Informationen hierzu finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung und Data Processing Addendum von Sentry: https://sentry.io/privacy/ und https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/.
Mixpanel
Wir nutzen die Analysetechnologie Mixpanel zur Datenauswertung und -visualisierung. Anbieter ist die Mixpanel, Inc., San Francisco 405 Howard Street, Floor 2, CA 94105. Wir möchten mit dieser Analyse die Benutzerfreundlichkeit der App optimieren und diese kontinuierlich für Sie verbessern.
Die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten erfolgt pseudonymisiert, d.h. es werden keine personenbezogenen
Daten (wie z.B. Namen) verarbeitet und Ihre IP-Adresse wird verkürzt. Stattdessen erfolgt die Verarbeitung nur auf der Grundlage einer pseudonymisierten, technischen ID. Etwaige Mixpanel mitgeteilte IDs werden als sog. Hashwerte verschlüsselt und als eine Serie von Zeichen, die keine Identifizierung erlauben, gespeichert. Die Daten werden nicht verwendet, um Besucher dieser App zu identifizieren, und nicht mit anderen Daten in Bezug auf den Inhaber eines Pseudonyms abgeglichen.
Die durch Mixpanel erfassten Daten werden nicht an Dritte weitergegeben. Die Speicherung und Verarbeitung der erfassten Daten erfolgt in den USA.
Die Verwendung von Mixpanel erfolgt zur Optimierung der Benutzerfreundlichkeit der Software und stellt damit ein berechtigtes Interesse im Sinne des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar.
Details finden Sie in den englischen Datenschutzbestimmungen und dem Data Processing Addendum von Mixpanel Inc.: https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/ und https://mixpanel.com/legal/dpa/.
Retargeting
Diese Funktion dient dazu, Nutzern der Bluecode-fähigen App im Rahmen des Besuchs von anderen Webseiten, wie Suchmaschinen oder sozialen Netzwerken, personalisierte Werbeanzeigen/-angebote zu präsentieren. Jedes mobile Endgerät hat eine spezifische WerbeID, welche von Apps gelesen und an ein Werbenetzwerk weitergeleitet werden kann, d.h. die Bluecode-fähige App leitet die Werbe-ID an den Anbieter von Online-Werbung (z.B. Google). Wenn das Werbenetzwerk dieselbe Werbe-ID von einer anderen App oder einem anderen Browser erhält, erkennt dieses, dass der Nutzer die Bluecode-fähige App verwendet hat und zeigt Ihnen personalisierte Werbung an (z.B. sog. Retargeting-Banner). Vor der Verwendung von Werbe-IDs ist jedoch Ihre Zustimmung erforderlich. Wir tun dies, um Ihnen personalisierte Werbung anzeigen zu können, die für Sie von Interesse ist. Sie können die Verwendung von
Werbe-IDs jedoch wie nachfolgend beschrieben deaktivieren oder beschränken. (Rechtsgrundlage ist Ihre Einwilligung zur Verwendung von Werbe-IDs gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO sowie unser berechtigtes Interesse Ihnen Werbung anzeigen zu können, die für Sie interessant ist gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO).
In den iOS-Einstellungen unter „Datenschutz“ – „Tracking“ können Sie die Option „Apps erlauben, Tracking anzufordern“ deaktivieren.
In den Android-Einstellungen unter „Datenschutz“ - „Anzeigen“ können Sie die Option
„Personalisierte Werbung deaktivieren“ oder „Werbe-ID zurücksetzen“ wählen.
Wir weisen Sie darauf hin, dass Sie eventuell nicht alle Funktionen der Bluecode Software nutzen können, wenn Sie die Nutzung des IDFA bzw. AAID beschränken.
Aufbewahrung und Löschung der erhobenen Daten
Wir speichern die erhobenen Daten nur solange bis der Zweck für deren Verarbeitung (Nutzung der Bluecode Software) entfällt bzw. erfüllt ist, oder wenn Sie die erteilten Zugriffsrechte widerrufen. Im Falle eines Widerrufs Ihrer Einwilligung werden Ihre Daten unverzüglich gelöscht. Dort, wo wir gesetzlichen Aufbewahrungsfristen für die Speicherung von Daten (z.B. steuer- oder unternehmensrechtlich) unterworfen sind, sind wir verpflichtet Ihre Daten für die dort normierte Dauer zu speichern (Rechtsgrundlage ist die Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. c DSGVO).
Datensicherheit
Wir haben technische und organisatorische Sicherheitsmaßnahmen getroffen, um die erhobenen Daten vor Verlust, Zerstörung, Manipulation und unberechtigtem Zugriff zu schützen. Alle unsere Mitarbeiter und Mitarbeiterinnen sowie alle an der Datenverarbeitung beteiligten Dritten sind verpflichtet, das Datenschutzgesetz einzuhalten und mit personenbezogenen Daten vertraulich umzugehen.
Im Falle der Erhebung und Verarbeitung persönlicher Daten werden die Informationen in verschlüsselter Form übertragen, um einem Missbrauch der Daten durch Dritte vorzubeugen.
Ihre Rechte
Als betroffene Person haben Sie das Recht, uns gegenüber Ihre Betroffenenrechte geltend zu machen. Dabei haben Sie insbesondere die folgenden Rechte:
• Auskunft: Sie haben nach Maßgabe des Art.15 DSGVO das Recht, Auskunft darüber zu verlangen, ob und gegebenenfalls in welchen Umfang wir personenbezogene Daten zu Ihrer Person verarbeiten oder nicht.
• Berichtigung: Sie haben das Recht, nach Maßgabe des Art. 16 DSGVO, von uns die Berichtigung Ihrer Daten zu verlangen.
• Löschung: Sie haben das Recht, nach Maßgabe des Art. 17 DSGVO, von uns die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen.
• Einschränkung: Sie haben das Recht, nach Maßgabe des Art. 18 DSGVO, die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten einschränken zu lassen.
• Datenübertragbarkeit: Sie haben das Recht, nach Maßgabe des Art. 20 DSGVO, die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie uns bereitgestellt haben, in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format zu erhalten, und diese Daten einem anderen Verantwortlichen zu übermitteln.
• Widerruf der Einwilligung: Sofern Sie uns eine gesonderte Einwilligung in die Datenverarbeitung erteilt haben, können Sie diese Einwilligung nach Maßgabe des Art. 7 Abs. 3 DSGVO jederzeit widerrufen. Durch einen solchen Widerruf wird die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung, die bis zum Widerruf aufgrund der Einwilligung erfolgt ist, nicht berührt.
• Widerspruchsrecht: Sie haben nach Maßgabe des Art. 21 DSGVO das Recht, gegen jede Verarbeitung, die auf der Rechtsgrundlage des Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 e oder f DSGVO beruht, Widerspruch einzulegen.
Bezüglich Ihrer oben angeführten Betroffenenrechte, sowie bei Fragen zur Erhebung, Verarbeitung oder Nutzung von personenbezogenen Daten, wenden Sie sich bitte an:
datenschutz@spt-payments.com
Wir werden Ihnen unverzüglich, jedenfalls aber innerhalb eines Monats nach Eingang Ihres
Antrags, die entsprechenden Informationen über die Maßnahmen zur Verfügung stellen. Die Frist kann um weitere zwei Monate verlängert werden, wenn dies aufgrund der Komplexität und der Anzahl der Anträge erforderlich ist. Wir informieren Sie jedoch jedenfalls innerhalb eines Monats nach Eingang Ihres Antrags über eine mögliche Fristverlängerung und die Gründe dafür.
Sie haben außerdem die Möglichkeit, sich mit einer Beschwerde an die zuständige nationale Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde zu wenden.
Related articles
Terms and Conditions for the Bluecode services
Nutzungsbedingungen für Bluecode Zahlungen
Digital Fraud and Fraud Prevention Activities
What is the minimum EUR or GBP transaction amount in Quppy Wallet?
Fees for Quppy Wallet services in EUR and GBP
Sub-policy 1
https://support.quppy.com/hc/en-us/articles/360023810251-Privacy-Cookies-Policy:
Quppy
Legal
Legal: Policies on Fraud Prevention, Bluecode, and Quppy
Articles in this section
Digital Fraud and Fraud Prevention Activities
Terms and Conditions for the Quppy Cashback Promotion at Müller Stores
Bluecode Software Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions for the Bluecode services
Nutzungsbedingungen für Bluecode Zahlungen
Quppy Referral program
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
This Privacy & Cookies policy (
"Privacy Policy"
) together with our Terms of Service (which can be found at  Quppy.com (
"Terms of Service"
) sets out the basis on which any Personal Information we - Quppy Europe OÜ an Estonian company with the address at Harju maakond, Kesklinna linnaosa, Parda tn 3-326, Tallinn, 10151, Estonia (hereafter “
Quppy
”) collect from you (
"you"
,
"your"
, or
"customer"
), or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
This Privacy Policy together with our Terms of Service and any other Quppy agreements will apply to your use of:
• our website at Quppy.com (the "Site");
• our currency management software (mobile Wallet application ("Wallet"), once you have downloaded a copy of the Wallet onto your mobile device or hand-held device;
and
• any of our other services available via our Site or Wallet (our "Services")
and sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed and used by us.
We are the controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation, we determine the purposes and means of processing your personal data.
If you have any questions about your personal information or this Privacy policy, please direct your questions to support@quppy.com
We will collect and process the following data about you
Information you provide to us,
"
Submitted Information
" is information you give us about yourself by completing forms on the Wallet and/or the Site, or by corresponding with us i.e. by e-mail. It includes information you provide when you register to use the Wallet, download the Wallet, subscribe to any of our Services, enter into any transaction on the Wallet or the Site, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with either the Wallet, the Services or the Site. If you contact us, we will keep a record of that correspondence. The information you give us may include your name, address, date of birth, e-mail address, phone number, the device's phone number, username, password and other registration information. It may include financial information, details of your bank Wallet including the bank Wallet number, bank sort code, IBAN, details of your debit and credit cards including the long number, relevant expiry dates, CVC, identification document numbers, copies of identification documents (for example, passport details, driving license and utility bills) personal description, photographs and any other information you provide us in order to prove your eligibility to use our Services.
Information we collect about you and your device. Each time you visit the Wallet or our Site we will automatically collect the following information:
• technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, device information and the type of mobile device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your device's IMEI number, the MAC address of the device's wireless network interface, or the mobile phone number used by the device), mobile network information, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile browser you use, time zone setting "Device Information";
• information about your visit, including the full uniform resource locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our Site (including date and time), services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, device information;
• transaction information including date, time, amount, currencies used, exchange rate, beneficiary details, details and location of the merchant or ATMs associated with the transaction, IP address of sender and receiver, sender's and receiver's name and registration information, messages sent or received with the payment, device information used to facilitate the payment and the payment instrument used;
• information stored on your device, including if you allow Quppy to access contact information from your address book, login information, photos, videos or other digital content, check ins (Content Information). The Wallet will periodically recollect this information in order to stay up-to-date;
• details of your use of our Wallet or your visits to our Site including transaction details relating to your use of our Services, including who you have sent money or electronic money to, foreign exchange transactions you have entered into, the time, date and location of the place the transaction was entered into;
• location information; we use GPS technology and your IP address to determine your location. This is used to prevent fraud, for instance if your mobile phone is saying that you are based in the UK but your card is being used to enter into an ATM Withdrawal or point of sale purchase in Germany, we may not allow that transaction to be processed. Our card protection and fraud-prevention measures require this personal data for the feature to work. If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling location permission for the Wallet within your device settings; and
• information to help us deliver our Service to you. We work closely with third parties in order to help us deliver our Services to you. These third parties are business partners (such as those we partner with to offer additional Quppy Services), sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies, customer service providers and developers. Information we may collect about you from such parties can include credit search information, information which helps us to verify your identity or information relating to your payment transactions.
COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES
Our Site uses cookies, cookies are small text files placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit our Site or use our Wallet. Cookies collect information about users and their visit to our Site or use of the Wallet, such as their Internet protocol (IP) address, how they arrived at the Site (for example, through a search engine or a link from another website) and how they navigate within the Site or Wallet. We use cookies and other technologies to facilitate your internet sessions and use of our Wallet, offer you products and/or services according to your preferred settings, track use of our Site and Wallet and to compile statistics about activities carried out on our Site. We also use cookies and/or a technology known as web bugs or clear gifs, which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our emails and to provide you with a more personalized experience when using our Site.
You may set up your web browser to block cookies from monitoring your website visit. You may also remove cookies stored from your computer or mobile device. However, if you do block cookies you may not be able to use certain features and functions of our Site.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
Below is a summary of the key types of data that we make use of as part of the Services.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Submitted Information
We will use this information:
• to carry out our obligations arising from any transactions you enter into with us, i.e. top ups, transfers, ATM withdrawals, card purchases and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
• to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may be of interest you;
• to verify your identity to protect against fraud, comply with financial crime laws and to confirm your eligibility to use our products and Services;
to notify you about changes to our service; and
• to ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Device Information
We will use this information:
• to administer our Site and the Wallet for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
• to improve our Site and the Wallet to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
• to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so;
• as part of our efforts to keep our Site and the Wallet safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
• to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may interest you;
• to verify your identity, protect against fraud, comply with anti-financial crime laws and to confirm your eligibility to use our products and services; and
• to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Location Information
We will use this information:
• to deliver relevant advertising to you, for example, information on nearby merchants; and
• to protect against fraud.
Third Party Information
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information:
• to help us better understand your financial circumstances and behaviour so that we may make decisions about how we manage your Quppy Wallet;
• to process Walletlications for products and services available through us including making decisions about whether to agree to Walletrove any Walletlications; and
• for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
We may associate any category of information with any other category of information and will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy for as long as it is combined. For example, we may use credit reference agencies to carry out credit searches on you, so that, when you Wallet for credit products or when we suggest credit products to you via the Wallet, we will be able to tailor our credit offering to your needs. Any such search under this section may leave a footprint on your credit file. You acknowledge that we may carry out such credit search in the knowledge that it may leave a footprint on your credit history. We do not allow joint Wallet holders, however in certain circumstances credit reference agencies may link your record with your spouse, partner or other financial associate.
If we decide to engage advertisers to promote our products and services, the advertisers and their advertising networks may require anonymized personal data to serve relevant adverts to you. We will never disclose identifiable information about individuals to advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help our advertising partners provide a tailored and targeted campaign, relevant for a sub-section of our users. In some instances, we may use personal data we have collected from you to enable our advertising partners to display their advertisement to their target audience.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will disclose the data we collect from you to certain third parties who use personal data in delivering their services to us, they use data securely and confidentially and under strict contractual controls in accordance with data protection laws and controls enforced by Quppy.
We send personal data to the following sets of data processors in order to perform the Quppy Services:
•
Fraud prevention agencies
. This is in order to verify your identity, protect against fraud, comply with anti-money laundering laws and to confirm your eligibility to use our products and services. Please note that if fraud is detected, you could be refused our Services;
•
Cloud storage providers
. This is in order to safely and securely store your data with Quppy;
•
Banking and financial services partners
. Financial services providers that help us provide the Services including banking partners, banking intermediaries and international payments services providers;
• Credit reference agencies
. For the purpose of assessing your credit score;
Card manufacturing/personalization and delivery companies. For the purpose of creating your personalized Quppy card and delivering this to you at your requested address; and
• Advertisers and analytics providers
. If we decide to engage advertisers to promote our products and services, the advertisers and their advertising networks may require anonymized personal data to serve relevant adverts to you and others. We will never disclose identifiable information about individuals to advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help our advertising partners provide a tailored and targeted campaign, relevant for a sub-section of our users. In some instances, we may use personal data we have collected from you to enable our advertising partners to display their advertisement to their target audience. We also use analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Site.
•
Companies within the Quppy Group and/or affiliates
. In order to provide a unified service across all of our products and services, we may disclose your personal information to any member of the Quppy Group and/or affiliates, which means any of our subsidiaries or related entities. Companies in the Quppy Group will be acting as joint controllers or processors in order to provide the Services.
We may also disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
• if we or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
• if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligations or request;
if we need to enforce or Walletly the ToS or any other agreements between you and us or to investigate potential breaches; or
• protect the rights, property or safety of Quppy, our customers or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
STORAGE SECURITY & INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination inside the European Economic Area (EEA). As we provide an international service your data may be processed outside of the EEA in order for us to fulfil our contract with you to provide our Services. We will need to process your personal data in order for us, for example, to action a request made by you to execute an international payment, process your payment details, provide global anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing solutions and provide ongoing support services. We will take all steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions carried out by us or our chosen third-party provider of payment processing services will be encrypted using Secured Sockets Layer technology or a secure virtual private network. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our Wallet and/or our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Wallet or our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Any third party that receives or has access to your data is required to protect such data. We shall ensure any such third party is aware of our obligations under this Privacy Policy and ensure we enter into contracts with such third parties, bound by terms no less protective than the obligations we undertake to you under this Privacy Policy or which are imposed on us under Wallet applicable data protection laws.
You acknowledge that by using our Services You will be providing us with your data. You consent to us disclosing that information where required by this Privacy Policy and/or law.
RETENTION
Your data will be retained as long as it is necessary for us to do so, having regard to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and our own legal and regulatory requirements. In accordance with our record keeping obligations we will retain Wallets and personal information for at least a period of five years after they are closed by you.
SECURITY
We have implemented security measures to ensure the confidentiality of your data and to protect your data from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorised personnel of Quppy have access to your data, and these personnel are required to treat the information as confidential. The security measures in place will, from time to time, be reviewed in line with legal and technical developments.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
You have the right to:
• request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you. If you require this, then please contact us at
info@Quppy.com
;
• request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. If you require this, then please contact us at
info@Quppy.com
;
• request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Please note, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. Quppy is under certain obligations to retain certain data for a minimum of 5 years. Please note that these retention requirements supersede any right to erasure requests under applicable data protection laws;
• to object to the processing of your personal data. This is in situations where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights. Quppy is under certain obligations to process and retain certain data for compliance purposes. Please note that these requirements supersede any right to objection requests under applicable data protection laws. If you object to the processing of certain data then we may not be able to provide the Services and it is likely we will have to terminate your Wallet;
• request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
• if you want us to establish the data's accuracy;
• where our use of your data is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase it;
• where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
• you have objected to our use of your data, but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Please note that any requests in relation to the restriction of the processing of your data means that we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (including the Services). In this case, we may have to cancel your use of the Services, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time;
• request for the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, which you can then transfer to an Wallet or third party. Note that this right only Wallet or to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. If you require this then please contact us at
info@Quppy.com
;
• request for the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, which you can then transfer to a Wallet or third party. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. If you require this then please contact us at
info@Quppy.com
; and
• withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide the Services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
For information, Estonian’s competent data protection authority.
WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (including the Quppy Services). In this case, we may have to cancel your use of our Services, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be revised, modified, updated, and/or supplemented at any time and without prior notice at the sole and absolute discretion of Quppy. We will make available the updated Privacy Policy on our website. All communications, transactions and dealings with us shall be subject to the latest version of this Privacy Policy in force at the time.
LINKS
There may be links from our site to other websites and resources provided by third parties. This Privacy Policy applicable to Wallet and only to our Site. We do not control those third-party websites or any of the content contained therein and you agree that we are in no way responsible or liable for any of those third-party websites.
MARKETING
We will obtain your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Quppy Group of companies for marketing or promotional purposes. You have the right to ask us not to process your data for marketing purposes. You can exercise Your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us support@quppy.com
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices as they relate to our Services, please contact us at the following e-mail address:
support@quppy.com
Related articles
Terms of Use
Digital Fraud and Fraud Prevention Activities
Quppy Referral program
How to verify my account?
How long do transfers take?
Sub-policy 2
https://support.quppy.com/hc/en-us/related/click?data=BAh7CjobZGVzdGluYXRpb25fYXJ0aWNsZV9pZGwrCMtgF9NTADoYcmVmZXJyZXJfYXJ0aWNsZV9pZGwrCCtgF9NTADoLbG9jYWxlSSIKZW4tdXMGOgZFVDoIdXJsSSI7L2hjL2VuLXVzL2FydGljbGVzLzM2MDAyMzgxMDI1MS1Qcml2YWN5LUNvb2tpZXMtUG9saWN5BjsIVDoJcmFua2kG--28e630b6d35256d7720b6c804c18a2ffe6532710:
Quppy
Legal
Legal: Policies on Fraud Prevention, Bluecode, and Quppy
Articles in this section
Digital Fraud and Fraud Prevention Activities
Terms and Conditions for the Quppy Cashback Promotion at Müller Stores
Bluecode Software Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions for the Bluecode services
Nutzungsbedingungen für Bluecode Zahlungen
Quppy Referral program
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
This Privacy & Cookies policy (
"Privacy Policy"
) together with our Terms of Service (which can be found at  Quppy.com (
"Terms of Service"
) sets out the basis on which any Personal Information we - Quppy Europe OÜ an Estonian company with the address at Harju maakond, Kesklinna linnaosa, Parda tn 3-326, Tallinn, 10151, Estonia (hereafter “
Quppy
”) collect from you (
"you"
,
"your"
, or
"customer"
), or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
This Privacy Policy together with our Terms of Service and any other Quppy agreements will apply to your use of:
• our website at Quppy.com (the "Site");
• our currency management software (mobile Wallet application ("Wallet"), once you have downloaded a copy of the Wallet onto your mobile device or hand-held device;
and
• any of our other services available via our Site or Wallet (our "Services")
and sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed and used by us.
We are the controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation, we determine the purposes and means of processing your personal data.
If you have any questions about your personal information or this Privacy policy, please direct your questions to support@quppy.com
We will collect and process the following data about you
Information you provide to us,
"
Submitted Information
" is information you give us about yourself by completing forms on the Wallet and/or the Site, or by corresponding with us i.e. by e-mail. It includes information you provide when you register to use the Wallet, download the Wallet, subscribe to any of our Services, enter into any transaction on the Wallet or the Site, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with either the Wallet, the Services or the Site. If you contact us, we will keep a record of that correspondence. The information you give us may include your name, address, date of birth, e-mail address, phone number, the device's phone number, username, password and other registration information. It may include financial information, details of your bank Wallet including the bank Wallet number, bank sort code, IBAN, details of your debit and credit cards including the long number, relevant expiry dates, CVC, identification document numbers, copies of identification documents (for example, passport details, driving license and utility bills) personal description, photographs and any other information you provide us in order to prove your eligibility to use our Services.
Information we collect about you and your device. Each time you visit the Wallet or our Site we will automatically collect the following information:
• technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, device information and the type of mobile device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your device's IMEI number, the MAC address of the device's wireless network interface, or the mobile phone number used by the device), mobile network information, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile browser you use, time zone setting "Device Information";
• information about your visit, including the full uniform resource locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our Site (including date and time), services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, device information;
• transaction information including date, time, amount, currencies used, exchange rate, beneficiary details, details and location of the merchant or ATMs associated with the transaction, IP address of sender and receiver, sender's and receiver's name and registration information, messages sent or received with the payment, device information used to facilitate the payment and the payment instrument used;
• information stored on your device, including if you allow Quppy to access contact information from your address book, login information, photos, videos or other digital content, check ins (Content Information). The Wallet will periodically recollect this information in order to stay up-to-date;
• details of your use of our Wallet or your visits to our Site including transaction details relating to your use of our Services, including who you have sent money or electronic money to, foreign exchange transactions you have entered into, the time, date and location of the place the transaction was entered into;
• location information; we use GPS technology and your IP address to determine your location. This is used to prevent fraud, for instance if your mobile phone is saying that you are based in the UK but your card is being used to enter into an ATM Withdrawal or point of sale purchase in Germany, we may not allow that transaction to be processed. Our card protection and fraud-prevention measures require this personal data for the feature to work. If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling location permission for the Wallet within your device settings; and
• information to help us deliver our Service to you. We work closely with third parties in order to help us deliver our Services to you. These third parties are business partners (such as those we partner with to offer additional Quppy Services), sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies, customer service providers and developers. Information we may collect about you from such parties can include credit search information, information which helps us to verify your identity or information relating to your payment transactions.
COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES
Our Site uses cookies, cookies are small text files placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit our Site or use our Wallet. Cookies collect information about users and their visit to our Site or use of the Wallet, such as their Internet protocol (IP) address, how they arrived at the Site (for example, through a search engine or a link from another website) and how they navigate within the Site or Wallet. We use cookies and other technologies to facilitate your internet sessions and use of our Wallet, offer you products and/or services according to your preferred settings, track use of our Site and Wallet and to compile statistics about activities carried out on our Site. We also use cookies and/or a technology known as web bugs or clear gifs, which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our emails and to provide you with a more personalized experience when using our Site.
You may set up your web browser to block cookies from monitoring your website visit. You may also remove cookies stored from your computer or mobile device. However, if you do block cookies you may not be able to use certain features and functions of our Site.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
Below is a summary of the key types of data that we make use of as part of the Services.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Submitted Information
We will use this information:
• to carry out our obligations arising from any transactions you enter into with us, i.e. top ups, transfers, ATM withdrawals, card purchases and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
• to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may be of interest you;
• to verify your identity to protect against fraud, comply with financial crime laws and to confirm your eligibility to use our products and Services;
to notify you about changes to our service; and
• to ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Device Information
We will use this information:
• to administer our Site and the Wallet for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
• to improve our Site and the Wallet to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
• to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so;
• as part of our efforts to keep our Site and the Wallet safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
• to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may interest you;
• to verify your identity, protect against fraud, comply with anti-financial crime laws and to confirm your eligibility to use our products and services; and
• to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Location Information
We will use this information:
• to deliver relevant advertising to you, for example, information on nearby merchants; and
• to protect against fraud.
Third Party Information
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information:
• to help us better understand your financial circumstances and behaviour so that we may make decisions about how we manage your Quppy Wallet;
• to process Walletlications for products and services available through us including making decisions about whether to agree to Walletrove any Walletlications; and
• for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
We may associate any category of information with any other category of information and will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy for as long as it is combined. For example, we may use credit reference agencies to carry out credit searches on you, so that, when you Wallet for credit products or when we suggest credit products to you via the Wallet, we will be able to tailor our credit offering to your needs. Any such search under this section may leave a footprint on your credit file. You acknowledge that we may carry out such credit search in the knowledge that it may leave a footprint on your credit history. We do not allow joint Wallet holders, however in certain circumstances credit reference agencies may link your record with your spouse, partner or other financial associate.
If we decide to engage advertisers to promote our products and services, the advertisers and their advertising networks may require anonymized personal data to serve relevant adverts to you. We will never disclose identifiable information about individuals to advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help our advertising partners provide a tailored and targeted campaign, relevant for a sub-section of our users. In some instances, we may use personal data we have collected from you to enable our advertising partners to display their advertisement to their target audience.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will disclose the data we collect from you to certain third parties who use personal data in delivering their services to us, they use data securely and confidentially and under strict contractual controls in accordance with data protection laws and controls enforced by Quppy.
We send personal data to the following sets of data processors in order to perform the Quppy Services:
•
Fraud prevention agencies
. This is in order to verify your identity, protect against fraud, comply with anti-money laundering laws and to confirm your eligibility to use our products and services. Please note that if fraud is detected, you could be refused our Services;
•
Cloud storage providers
. This is in order to safely and securely store your data with Quppy;
•
Banking and financial services partners
. Financial services providers that help us provide the Services including banking partners, banking intermediaries and international payments services providers;
• Credit reference agencies
. For the purpose of assessing your credit score;
Card manufacturing/personalization and delivery companies. For the purpose of creating your personalized Quppy card and delivering this to you at your requested address; and
• Advertisers and analytics providers
. If we decide to engage advertisers to promote our products and services, the advertisers and their advertising networks may require anonymized personal data to serve relevant adverts to you and others. We will never disclose identifiable information about individuals to advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help our advertising partners provide a tailored and targeted campaign, relevant for a sub-section of our users. In some instances, we may use personal data we have collected from you to enable our advertising partners to display their advertisement to their target audience. We also use analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Site.
•
Companies within the Quppy Group and/or affiliates
. In order to provide a unified service across all of our products and services, we may disclose your personal information to any member of the Quppy Group and/or affiliates, which means any of our subsidiaries or related entities. Companies in the Quppy Group will be acting as joint controllers or processors in order to provide the Services.
We may also disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
• if we or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
• if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligations or request;
if we need to enforce or Walletly the ToS or any other agreements between you and us or to investigate potential breaches; or
• protect the rights, property or safety of Quppy, our customers or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
STORAGE SECURITY & INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination inside the European Economic Area (EEA). As we provide an international service your data may be processed outside of the EEA in order for us to fulfil our contract with you to provide our Services. We will need to process your personal data in order for us, for example, to action a request made by you to execute an international payment, process your payment details, provide global anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing solutions and provide ongoing support services. We will take all steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions carried out by us or our chosen third-party provider of payment processing services will be encrypted using Secured Sockets Layer technology or a secure virtual private network. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our Wallet and/or our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Wallet or our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Any third party that receives or has access to your data is required to protect such data. We shall ensure any such third party is aware of our obligations under this Privacy Policy and ensure we enter into contracts with such third parties, bound by terms no less protective than the obligations we undertake to you under this Privacy Policy or which are imposed on us under Wallet applicable data protection laws.
You acknowledge that by using our Services You will be providing us with your data. You consent to us disclosing that information where required by this Privacy Policy and/or law.
RETENTION
Your data will be retained as long as it is necessary for us to do so, having regard to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and our own legal and regulatory requirements. In accordance with our record keeping obligations we will retain Wallets and personal information for at least a period of five years after they are closed by you.
SECURITY
We have implemented security measures to ensure the confidentiality of your data and to protect your data from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorised personnel of Quppy have access to your data, and these personnel are required to treat the information as confidential. The security measures in place will, from time to time, be reviewed in line with legal and technical developments.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
You have the right to:
• request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you. If you require this, then please contact us at
info@Quppy.com
;
• request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. If you require this, then please contact us at
info@Quppy.com
;
• request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Please note, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. Quppy is under certain obligations to retain certain data for a minimum of 5 years. Please note that these retention requirements supersede any right to erasure requests under applicable data protection laws;
• to object to the processing of your personal data. This is in situations where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights. Quppy is under certain obligations to process and retain certain data for compliance purposes. Please note that these requirements supersede any right to objection requests under applicable data protection laws. If you object to the processing of certain data then we may not be able to provide the Services and it is likely we will have to terminate your Wallet;
• request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
• if you want us to establish the data's accuracy;
• where our use of your data is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase it;
• where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
• you have objected to our use of your data, but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Please note that any requests in relation to the restriction of the processing of your data means that we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (including the Services). In this case, we may have to cancel your use of the Services, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time;
• request for the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, which you can then transfer to an Wallet or third party. Note that this right only Wallet or to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. If you require this then please contact us at
info@Quppy.com
;
• request for the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, which you can then transfer to a Wallet or third party. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. If you require this then please contact us at
info@Quppy.com
; and
• withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide the Services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
For information, Estonian’s competent data protection authority.
WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (including the Quppy Services). In this case, we may have to cancel your use of our Services, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be revised, modified, updated, and/or supplemented at any time and without prior notice at the sole and absolute discretion of Quppy. We will make available the updated Privacy Policy on our website. All communications, transactions and dealings with us shall be subject to the latest version of this Privacy Policy in force at the time.
LINKS
There may be links from our site to other websites and resources provided by third parties. This Privacy Policy applicable to Wallet and only to our Site. We do not control those third-party websites or any of the content contained therein and you agree that we are in no way responsible or liable for any of those third-party websites.
MARKETING
We will obtain your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Quppy Group of companies for marketing or promotional purposes. You have the right to ask us not to process your data for marketing purposes. You can exercise Your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us support@quppy.com
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices as they relate to our Services, please contact us at the following e-mail address:
support@quppy.com
Related articles
Terms of Use
Digital Fraud and Fraud Prevention Activities
Quppy Referral program
How to verify my account?
How long do transfers take?