Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Veggly is part of Similar Souls, a company with a passion to helping people finding their soul mate.
Our website address is: https://www.veggly.net
How we protect your data
At Veggly, we take your privacy very seriously. Your privacy is at the core of the way we design and build the services you know and love, so that you can fully trust them and focus on finding your connections.
We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly.
We strive to be transparent in the way we process your data.
Because we use many of the same online services you do, we know that insufficient information and overly complicated language are common issues in privacy policies. We take the exact opposite approach: we have written our Privacy Policy and related documents in plain language. We actually want you to read our policies and understand our privacy practices!
We work hard to keep your information secure
We work hark in keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
In order to helping you develop meaningful connections we collect some basic information about you, such as basic profile details and the types of people you’d like to meet. We also collect information generated as you use our services, for example access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social media account.
Information you give us
You choose to grant us information when using our services. This includes:
When you first create an account, you provide us with at least your login credentials, as well as some basic details necessary for the service to work, such as your gender, sexual orientation and age.
When you complete your profile, you can share with us additional information, such as details on your personality, lifestyle, interests and other details about you, as well as content such as photos. To add certain content, like pictures or videos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album. Some of the information you choose to provide us may be considered “special” or “sensitive” in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation and religious beliefs. By choosing to provide this information, you consent to our processing of that information.
When you participate in surveys or focus groups, you give us your insights into our products and services, responses to our questions and testimonials.
When you choose to participate in our promotions, events or contests, we collect the information that you use to register or enter.
If you contact our customer care team, we collect the information you give us during the interaction. Sometimes, we monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.
If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information of other people (for example, if you ask us to send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
We also process your chats with other users as well as the content you publish, as part of the operation of the services.
Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Other Users
Other users may provide information about you as they use our services. For instance, we may collect information about you from other users if they contact us about you.
Social Media
You may be able to use your social media to login to our application (such as Facebook Login). This saves you from having to remember a new user name and password and allows you to share some information from your social media account with us.
Other Partners
We may receive info about you from our partners, for instance where ad networks.
Information collected when you use our services
When you use our app, we collect information about which features you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
Usage Information
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them, how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive).
Device information
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
App crashes, advertising IDs (such as Google’s AAID and Apple’s IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device’ settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address);
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength;
information on device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes and compasses
Other information with your consent
If you give us permission, we can collect your precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) through various means, depending on the service and device you’re using, including GPS, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections. The collection of your geolocation may occur in the background even when you aren’t using the services if the permission you gave us expressly permits such collection. If you decline permission for us to collect your geolocation, we will not collect it.
Similarly, if you consent, we may collect your photos (for instance, if you want to publish on the app).
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
How long we retain your data
We will retain your data for as long as you want. We do not automatically delete your data once you remove the app from your device to avoid having to setup all the data again in the future.
However, you are welcome to delete your own data or contact us to get all the information about you deleted from our systems:
Delete yourself: On the app, go to the
Settings
tab ->
Privacy
->
Manage Account
->
Delete my account
Or just get in touch with us via
support@veggly.net
Join us!
Helping vegans and vegetarians connect is the main reason why we created Veggly, and knowing that it works makes us very happy and inspires us to keep going!
We've had over 5 million VegMatches so far. Install Veggly now and find yours too.
INSTALL NOW
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...