PRIVACY POLICY
Unifi App Limited (“Unifi”, “we”, “us”, “our”), is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and the integrity and confidentiality of your personal information.
This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions and any other documents referred to in it) explains how we will process and store any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “Regulation”), the Data Controller will always be  Unifi App Limited whose registered address is 7 Audley House, Northbridge Road, Berkhamsted, HP41EH
By visiting and using our website, digital app or platform (the “Service”), you are accepting this policy and agree to abide by it. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Service. We may, from time to time, make changes to this policy, in accordance with the Regulation, and these will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, e-mailed to you. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this policy.
Information We May Collect
We may collect, process and store the following data about you:
Information that you provide when you use the Service. This may include any information you give us by filling in forms on the Service, including when you register to use our Service, download our app, post material or request further services or information. The information you give us may include your name, e-mail address and gender;
Information that third parties provide to us about you. For example, when you connect your account via a social network such as Facebook, we may collect personal information from the social network in accordance with your privacy settings on that social network;
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and your contact details;
Information that you upload to, or choose to share through, our Service including your interests, likes and dislikes or any other personal information in data that you upload;
Information that you provide us by completing surveys on our Service or as carried out by our approved third parties; and
Uses Made Of The Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
to ensure that content on our Service is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your mobile handset or computer;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
to allow you to participate in the features of our Service, when you choose to do so;
to allow you to carry out transactions with our retail and payment partners through our Service and third party websites in a secure manner;
to notify you about changes to our Service;
to administer and improve our Service; and
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve you and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
to share with our dedicated third party venue partners listed in the unifi card section of Unifi, so that they can market their products and services to you.
Disclosure Of Your Information
We may disclose or share your personal information to third parties, outside of our venue partners only in the following situation and always in a secure manner;
if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about our customers or users will be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Our group chats are public within our app. This means that any verified user, including our venue partners, can view the content of group chats they choose to join. W
e inform you that our venue partners may change periodically. When we establish new partnerships, the newly partnered venues may be granted access to the social platform along with the personal information we collect from you.
​
Cookies
The Service uses cookies to distinguish users from one another and to improve your overall experience. When you use the Service, certain information may be stored locally on your device using ‘cookies’. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your browser or your device’s local storage. Cookies store limited information about the user of the device, such as the device model, manufacturer, screen resolution, device capabilities, service provider and country and city location data, but never sufficient detail that identifies you as an individual other than the user of the device at that time. This helps us to identify how users use our Service so that we can continue to develop and improve it and so that we can provide you with content which is more relevant to your interests. We may also use this information for reporting and analytics purposes but never such that you are identifiable as an individual.
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept or refuse cookies and you can exercise this choice by not accepting our Terms and Conditions and this privacy policy, however, you should note that by doing this, you will not be able to use our Service. By using our Service, you accept the use of cookies in accordance with this privacy policy.
Please note that our partner retailers may also use cookies on their own websites, over which we have no control. Please refer to the retailers' privacy and cookie policies for more information.
For more information about what cookies are and how they can be controlled, please visit the third party educational resource
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The Unifi data, which may include your personal information, that we collect from you is stored on information technology systems located in the EEA which are operated by us. Some data processing in relation to web and email services is carried out on our behalf by a third party which may operate outside the EEA.
As a part of our compliance activity we maintain an Information Retention Policy that sets out how long we store information, the information that supports this retention period, and how the information is removed by us.
All of our third party data processors and suppliers are reviewed by us in relation to their ongoing compliance to the Regulation, as a part of our ongoing Data Protection Impact Assessments, including data process records and staff training.
By submitting your personal data to us the Data Controller via Unifi, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers and secured using appropriate technologies when onward sharing with our partners and third parties. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data you transmit, in particular if you transmit your data by any inherently insecure method (such as email), or use untrusted public computers or networks. Any such transmission is at your own risk. However, once we have received your information, we use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
Certain parts of our Service may include social networking features. Please ensure that when you use these features, you do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be seen, collected or used by other users.
Your Rights
Under the Regulation you have the right to:
Object to the processing of your personal information for the following purposes:
Direct marketing,
Profiling,
Automated decision-making,
Scientific or historical research, or statistical purposes
Correct, or complete, any information we hold,
Delete personal information we hold,
Request a copy of the personal information we hold.
We will inform you (prior to collecting your data) and request your consent, if we intend to use your data for direct marketing, profiling, automated decision-making, scientific or historical research or statistical purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes, and if we do not receive your consent will not use your personal information for that purpose.
You can exercise your rights at any time by contacting us in writing using the contact details shown below.
Our Service may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our retail partners, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to Information
The Regulation gives you the right to access all personal information held about or that identifies you. Your right of access can be exercised and will be dealt with by the company in accordance with the Regulation, more details of which can be found on the
website of the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
.
How to Contact Unifi
If you have any questions, comments, feedback, complaints, or if you wish to exercise your rights regarding this privacy policy or have any requests for technical support, then please feel free to email
info@unifi.app
, or write to the "Unifi Operations Director" using the address below.
Unifi, is a company registered in England and Wales and its Company Number is 10543665. Unifi’s registered office is at S7 Audley House, Northbridge Road, Berkhamsted, HP41EH