Android & IOS
HEROSPEED SERVICES
Herospeed is adhering the "innovation, progressive, open, share" as spirit of enterprise, with
        people-centered, customer-focused, market-oriented, quality-first, service-purpose, to guarantee a
        perfect service system and deep consciousness of service to meet our customers' requirements , to
        ensure families, enterprises, social security and built intelligent city,continuing to make the
        unremitting efforts .
NVR
The Network Video Recoder support network video access,and it has adopted a number of advanced IT technologies,such as audio/video codec technology(h.264,h.265,h.264+,h.265+),embedded system technology,storage technology, network technology and intelligent technologies.It can work independently as NVR,or as a powerful security networking system.
READ MORE
NOVATEK  IP Camera
The NT  IP Camera has adopted embedded system and a number of advanced IT technologies,such as audio/video codec technology(h.264,h.265,h.264+,h.265+),and integrated code compression, two-way audio intercom, intelligent analysis , PTZ, lens control, alarm input and output, buffer storage and network transmission and other functions.
READ MORE
Rockchip IP Camera
The RK  IP Camera has adopted embedded system and a number of advanced IT technologies,such as audio/video codec technology(h.264,h.265,h.264+,h.265+),and integrated code compression, two-way audio intercom, intelligent analysis , PTZ,HDR, lens control, alarm input and output, buffer storage and network transmission and other functions.
READ MORE
Fullhan IP Camera
The Fullhan High-definition network camera has adopted embedded system and a number of advanced IT technologies,which integrated code compression, two-way audio intercom, intelligent analysis , PTZ, lens control, alarm input and output, buffer storage and network transmission and other functions.
READ MORE
XVR
The Embedded Hybrid Digital Video Recorder is compatible with HDTVI,AHD and other coaxial HD specification,which can be accessed to any HDTVI,CVI,AHD,analog and network signal.It can disable numbers of analog channels and convert them to IP channels,which have both functions of DVR and NVR.
READ MORE
PC Client
VMS  is an application platform software that can be used with embedded network monitoring equipment.It supports monitoring equipment by Onvif network protocol, integrated preview, video, playback, backup, PTZ control, alarm management and other functions,to provide flexible and diverse deployment programs, can be widely used in finance, public security, military, transportation, education and other fields of security projects.
READ MORE
Wifi kits
The wifi nvr kits developed from 100W to 400W HD quality,and adopted audio/video codec technology,embedded system technology,storage technology,network technology,etc.It matches to wireless wifi,WIFI connection supports 2.4G and 5.8G band,plug and play.It is suitable for various scenes,which can connect several cameras to realize omnidirectional  non-dead angle monitoring
READ MORE
SigmaStar  IP Camera
The SigmaStar  IP Camera has adopted embedded system and a number of advanced IT technologies,such as audio/video codec technology(h.264,h.265,h.264+,h.265+),and integrated code compression, two-way audio intercom, intelligent analysis , PTZ, lens control
READ MORE
Ambarella IP Camera
The AmbarellaHigh-definition network camera has adopted embedded system and a number of advanced IT technologies,which integrated code compression, two-way audio intercom, intelligent analysis , PTZ, lens control, alarm input and output, buffer storage and network transmission and other functions.
READ MORE
Tools
The Search Tool is a tool for searching online devices.The software can search the local area network with all the online devices,and can display the device relevant information.The Search Tool can also be used to modify the device's network parameters individually or in batch,upgrade device individually,and modify the device password in batch.
READ MORE
Manual
The manual provides documents such as the Quick Start Guide for electronic files, User Manuals, and Installation Guide for each product, making it easy to understand each product in a simple or comprehensive way!
READ MORE
BitVision
The BitVision client is an easy to use P2P network camera video monitoring professional mobile phone client software, connected by a sequence number, the only global P2P network and network cameras installed in the home or office, view real-time video images, and image capture, video. The scene situation users can learn in the shortest possible time home or office. P2P network camera of the software production and the company in the network of cooperation to normal use.
READ MORE
SV360
SV360 is an application platform software that can be used with Smart wi-fi device, it is a service APP launched for families and businesses. Through SV360, you can easily check real-time and play-back videos of apartments, villas, shops, factories, offices and other places; through SV360 's alarm service, you can take safety protection at the first time once you receive abnormal information about the places you are concerned about. No matter where you are, your home and business are nearby always.
READ MORE
Plugin
The middleware is a Windows desktop application designed to overcome browser limitations, offering rich front-end functionality extensions. With efficient decoding, it enables simultaneous playback across multiple channels, providing real-time video viewing, capture, and recording. Users can save streams locally for later viewing, ensuring optimal performance for video surveillance needs.
READ MORE
SDP2000
SDP2000 is an application platform software that can be used with smart terminal devices. It supports management devices through network protocols, integrates multiple functions such as device management, personnel management, access management, and report management. It provides flexible and diverse deployment solutions. The server can be connected to multiple intelligent terminal devices, manage multiple entrances and exits, and can be widely used in airports, entry and exit gates, train stations
, government agencies, schools, scenic spots, large factories and other places that need to be identified to help customers achieve
Efficient, safe and intelligent entrance and exit management
READ MORE
WE ARE READY FOR YOU
Different industries have different needs and Herospeed products combined with third-party partner
        solutions provide a complete surveillance and security solution. Read more about our industry
        solutions below.
Herospeed is adhering the "innovation, progressive, open, share" as spirit
        of enterprise, with people-centered, customer-focused, market-oriented, quality-first,
        service-purpose, to guarantee a perfect service system and deep consciousness of service to meet our
        customers' requirements , to ensure families, enterprises, social security and built intelligent
        city,continuing to make the unremitting efforts .
ABOUT HEROSPEED
Herospeed Technology Limited
Herospeed Technology is a high-tech company specialized in software development, software
                customization and software implementation. It owns a group of long-term professionals who are
                engaged in software development and software customization. With strong technical development
                strength, Herospeed Technology fully meets customer needs.
Surveillance And Security Solution
We focus on making an intensive study of Internet of things program, Digital audio/video
                compression, storage, decompression and network transmission etc related field. At the same
                time, as a rising star in field of Internet of things and security system, Herospeed digital
                has been with high popularity and reputation in this industry, also is a National high-tech
                enterprise, owning patents , softs and trademarks etc many independent intellectual property
                rights and relevant qualification certificates.
Copyright © 2014-2020 Company HEROSPEED. All rights reserved.