Merrill Privacy & Security
Today, safeguarding one's personal and financial information is increasingly challenging. That's why we make it a priority and provide you with access to the information you need to protect yourself and to help keep your information secure.
Privacy Information
U.S. Online Privacy Notice
This Bank of America U.S. Online Privacy Notice describes how Sites may collect, use and share information from or about you and explains how information may be collected and used based on online interactions with our advertisements that appear on the Sites and third-party websites.
English
Link opens a PDF file
Español
Link opens a PDF file
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
This U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice explains our privacy commitment and practices. It identifies the personal information that we collect and hold, and describes how we use, share and secure it.
English
Link opens a PDF file
Español
Link opens a PDF file
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
View
& Personal Information Request Form
View
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice explains how Bank of America and its affiliates (collectively, the "Company," "we," or "us") collect[s], use[s], and disclose[s] personal information relating to California residents, and is provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA").
Please note, for participants who have an employer based plan (401(k), equity, nonqualified deferred compensation, defined benefit, and health benefit solutions) should submit their requests directly through their Retirement Benefits Contact Center phone number or using the Personal Information Request Form
View
.
English
Link opens a PDF file
Español
Link opens a PDF file
Cookie Guide:
The use of cookies and similar technologies is a common Internet practice. We have developed a Cookie Guide to provide very general information on cookies and similar technologies.
English
Link opens a PDF file
Outside U.S. Privacy Notices
Privacy Notice For Clients Of Merrill Lynch Bank And Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
This Privacy Notice applies to current and former individual clients or individuals seeking relationships with Merrill Lynch Bank and Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, and includes information about how Merrill Lynch Bank and Trust Company (Cayman) Limited / Bank of America Corporation will use, disclose and process client information and what actions you can take.
English
Link opens a PDF file
​Switzerland Privacy Notice
The
Switzerland Resident Privacy Notice
provides an overview of how MLPF&S will comply with the requirements of the Switzerland Federal Act on Data Protection.
​Indonesia Resident Privacy Notice
The
Indonesia Resident Privacy Notice
provides an overview of how MLPF&S will comply with the requirements of the Indonesian Personal Data Protection Law.
​Philippines Privacy Notice
The
Philippines Privacy Notice
provides an overview of how MLPF&S will comply with Philippine Data Privacy Law.​
Security Information
Knowledge is a powerful defense against fraud and scams - we’re here to help you stay informed.
Learn more
about how Merrill protects your personal information, and discover additional security resources to explore by visiting our
Security Center
.
Visit Merrill’s
Security Center
today for tips and tools on how to increase your security and help stay protected against fraud and scams.
Remember:
Do not provide access codes, personal and financial information via email, text or to unsolicited callers. We will never call you to ask you for this information
Report Fraud:
If you suspect you’re a victim of fraud, contact us immediately at 1.800.MERRILL (637.7455) or speak to your financial advisor.
If you receive a suspicious call, text or email from someone claiming to be from Merrill or Bank of America, do not respond and do not click links or open/download attachments. Instead, send it to
abuse@bankofamerica.com
and delete it.
Forward Suspicious Email to Us
Link opens in a Email popup
U.S. Online Privacy Notice
(Last Updated March 1, 2024)
Your privacy is important to us. We conduct regular assessment reviews and abide by rigorous privacy standards to ensure personal information we collect, use and share is protected. This U.S. Online Privacy Notice (“Notice”) describes how Bank of America and our affiliates manage personal information about you when you interact with us online through our websites, event registration sites, mobile applications and social sites (“Sites and Mobile Apps”) through your computer, smartphone, tablet or other mobile devices (“computer or mobile devices”).
This Notice explains
How we collect personal information when you visit, use or interact with us online, and through our ads displayed through online services operated by us or non-affiliated third parties.
How we may use or share personal information collected to deliver products and services to you and for advertising or event management purposes.
The term “Bank of America” or “we”, “us” or “our” in this Notice refers to banking and non-banking U.S. affiliates or subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation that link to or reference this Notice.
By using our Sites and Mobile Apps, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Notice. Our U.S. online services covered by this Notice are intended for a U.S. audience. If you visit or use one of our online services, your information may be transferred or processed in the U.S. For Non-U.S. online services, please review the privacy policy applicable to that service to understand how your information is collected, used and shared.
Bank of America works with third-party providers who are contractually obligated to comply with our policies to protect information. However, if you visit or access one of these third-party provider sites or mobile apps, please review the online privacy practices of that site or mobile app to understand the specifics of how your online personal information may be collected, used and shared.
Updates to this Notice
This Notice is subject to change. We update this Notice periodically to comply with the most recent federal and local laws. Please review it whenever you have questions. If we make changes to this Notice, we will revise the
Last updated
date on this page.
Our Online Privacy Practices
We are committed to transparency about your personal information. We ask for your consent when required, otherwise by using our Site and Mobile Apps, you consent to the collection, use and sharing of your personal information subject to and consistent with applicable laws, regulations and other notices you may have received based on your relationship with us.
Linking to other sites
We may provide links to non-affiliated third-party sites, such as credit bureaus, service providers or merchants. If you follow links to sites not affiliated with, or controlled by Bank of America, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions, as they may be different from those of our Sites and Mobile Apps. Bank of America does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these sites, including the accuracy, completeness or reliability of their information.
Protecting your personal information
To protect personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with applicable federal and state laws. These measures may include device safeguards and secured files and buildings as well as oversight of our third-party providers to ensure personal information remains confidential and secure. In the event of a data breach, we provide timely notification, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
We recognize the importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. Our Sites and Mobile Apps are not marketed to individuals under the age of 13. Accounts that include online access for children under the age of 13 are owned by a parent or guardian and require specific consent for online access. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 without prior parental consent. Read our
Children’s Privacy Policy
for more information.
Making sure personal information is accurate
Keeping your personal information accurate and up to date is very important. If your personal information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please use the
Contact Us
option on our Sites and Mobile Apps, or call or write to us at the telephone numbers or appropriate address for changes listed on your account statements, records, online or other account materials. You can also speak to a customer representative at a financial center, your Financial Advisor or account representative.
Personal Information We Collect Online
How do we collect personal information online?
We collect personal information about you through your computer or mobile devices by the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies (see our
Cookie Policy
for details) as well as personal information you provide when you visit or use our Sites and Mobile Apps, for example when you:
Apply for or open a new account
Register for a new product or service, or request information about a product or service
Register as a participant in one of our events
Complete a survey, contest or sweepstakes or other promotion
Use aggregation services such as My Portfolio® and My Financial Picture® in order to consolidate your financial account or information at one online location
We may use third-party providers to process personal information for business purposes on our behalf. Third-party providers are contractually obligated to comply with our policies to protect information we share with them or they collect on our behalf.
We also may obtain personal information from a sponsor for individuals onboarded via a Commercial Prepaid card program with us. If we combine such personal information with information collected through the Mobile Services, we will treat the combined information as personal information in accordance with this Notice.
The personal information we collect is limited to what is required to provide our products or services and to support legal and risk requirements. For additional information, please review the
How do we use your personal information
section of this Notice.
Types of personal information we collect online
The type of personal information we collect from and about you online will depend on how you interact with us and may include:
Contact information
such as name, mailing address, email address, telephone and mobile number(s).
Account Application information
such as credit and income information.
Identifiers
such as Social Security number, account number(s), driver’s license number (or comparable) or other information that identifies you for ordinary business purposes.
Access authorization
such as user ID, alias, PIN and password and security questions and answers.
Documents or images
submitted via our Site or Mobile Apps to support account opening, such as statements and voided checks
Debit/Credit Card Information
such as card number, expiration date, CVV2, billing address
Information from your computer and mobile devices where allowed by individual browsers and/or operating systems,
such as:
Unique device identifiers (for example Media Access Control (MAC) and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses)
Browser type, version, language, and display/screen settings
Information about how you use and interact with our Sites and Mobile Apps (for example activities on pages visited, links clicked or unique and measurable patterns such as keystrokes, mouse clicks and movements, swipes and gestures)
Communications data, such as your communication preferences and details or the content of your communications with us (e.g., text messages, chat messages)
Responses to advertisements on sites and mobile apps where we advertise
Log information such as your search and voice to text queries in the mobile app
Search engine referrals
Geolocation information (for example, for real time ATM or financial center location, upon request, or for fraud prevention)
Social media preference
Information to facilitate virtual or in-person event management
(for example attendee names, dietary requirements, special assistance needs, and travel details for participants)
How We Use and Share Personal Information
How do we use your personal information?
Personal information collected from and about you online described in this Notice may be used for many purposes such as:
Delivering products and services to you
by verifying your identity (for example when you access your account information); processing applications for products or services such as to prequalify for a mortgage, apply for a credit card, or to open a retirement account, investment account or other financial product; processing transactions; providing customer service/production support; finding nearby ATMs, financial centers, and other specialized location based services near your location; and consolidating your financial account information at one online location with services such as My Portfolio® and My Financial Picture®.
Personalizing your digital and mobile experience
by enhancing our Sites and Mobile Apps organization and design and analyze data to create relevant alerts, products or services.
Providing advertising
on our Sites and Mobile Apps as well as non-affiliated third-party sites and through off-line channels like financial centers, call centers and direct marketing (for example email, mail and phone).
Detecting and preventing fraud,
identify theft and other risks to you or Bank of America.
Performing analytics
concerning your use of our online services, including your responses to our emails and the pages and advertisements you view.
Complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements,
industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies.
Allowing you to use features within our Sites and Mobile Apps
when you grant us access to personal information from your device, such as contact lists, or geo-location when you request certain services that requires such access, for example locating an ATM.
Providing notifications concerning events
for which you’ve registered, providing analysis to improve our events and develop new events, determining event overall effectiveness, enhancing products and services, operating and expanding our business activities.
We retain personal information for a period of time as required by laws and regulations and the necessary business purpose. We securely delete personal information as soon as legally permitted.
California residents covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act may have additional rights. To learn more, California residents can reference the
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
for additional information.
Individual health and/or sensitive information
To the extent that we receive, maintain or process an individual’s health information, Bank of America may use and disclose that information as authorized by and in accordance with applicable federal and/or state law.
At the time of event registration participants may provide information that requires special accommodations. This information will be used only to the extent necessary to facilitate any special accommodations for event participation.
With whom do we share your personal information?
We may share the personal information we collect from and about you online described in this Notice (and subject to other legal restrictions and notices you may have received depending on your relationship with us) with:
Affiliates and subsidiaries of Bank of America,
such as Merrill.
Third-party providers
who have contracts with Bank of America.
Government agencies
as required by laws and regulations.
Aggregated/de-identified information
Collected personal information may be aggregated and/or de-identified (we remove any details that identify you personally). We may share this aggregated and/or de-identified information with third-party providers to help deliver products, services, and content that are better tailored to the users of our online services and for our own business purposes where permissible under applicable laws and regulations.
How to limit sharing
You have choices regarding the sharing of some personal information. Where appropriate, we will limit sharing of your marketing and sharing choices. You can register your choices online at
Control How We Can Share Your Data and Market To You
.
Online Behavioral Advertising
Personal information collected from and about you online, as described in this Notice, is used and shared to deliver advertising and marketing, including prescreened offers of credit, which may be of interest to you.
We present tailored ads to you:
On our Sites and Mobile Apps through ads that appear as you sign on or off of your online accounts.
In off-line channels such as financial centers, call centers, and through direct marketing (for example email, mail, phone).
On third-party sites and mobile apps not affiliated with Bank of America.
How we tailor ads to you
Advertising on our sites, mobile apps and off-line channels such as financial centers, call centers, and through direct marketing (for example email, mail, phone):
We may use personal information about your activities on our Sites and Mobile Apps, such as pages visited and key words entered, to help determine which of our ads or offers may be of interest to you. We may use personal information about your relationship with us (such as types of accounts, transactional information or the location in which you bank) to help determine which advertisements or offers to present to you.
Advertising on non-affiliated third-party sites and mobile apps:
Bank of America contracts with advertising companies to advertise our products and services on sites and mobile apps not affiliated with us. We may use personal information we have collected or that you have provided to assist our non-affiliated third-party sites and mobile apps to select bank ads or offers that may appeal to you, display them to you and monitor your responses. Non-affiliated third- party sites and mobile apps are not subject to Bank of America Privacy Notices.
How you can opt out of Online Behavioral Advertising
Advertising on non-affiliated third-party sites:
Bank of America participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and uses the Advertising Options Icon on our behavioral ads on non-affiliated third-party sites (excluding ads appearing on platforms that do not accept the icon). Ads served on our behalf by these companies do not contain unencrypted personal information and we limit the use of personal information by companies that serve our ads. To learn more about ad choices, or to opt out of interest-based advertising with non-affiliated third-party sites, visit
YourAdChoices
powered by the DAADigital Advertising Alliance or through the
Network
Advertising Initiative’s Opt-Out Tool
. You may also visit the individual sites for additional information on their data and privacy practices and opt-out options.
Industry standards continue to evolve around web browser “do not track” signals or configurations set in your internet browser. In addition to the advertising opt-out options above, Bank of America captures opt out preference signals, and to the extent users have rights under applicable law, treats them as valid requests to opt out of sale/sharing at the browser level.
Reminder
Please note that if you opt out of this advertising:
You may still receive general advertising from Bank of America.
When accessing online account servicing areas (i.e., after login), such as Online Banking, Merrill Edge or MyMerrill, you may receive tailored content and advertising based on your account relationships.
Financial Advisors/Client Managers may continue to use personal information collected online as described in this Notice to provide details on products and services in accordance with account agreements.
In order for online behavioral advertising opt outs from our Sites and Mobile Apps and on other sites to work on your device, your browser must be set to accept cookies.
If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access our Sites and Mobile Apps or other sites from a different device, login under a different screen name, or change web browsers, you will need to opt out again.
Additional Information
Third-party data sharing
Some companies may offer aggregation websites and services that allow you to share your data with them in order to consolidate your account information from different sources (such as your accounts with us or with other financial institutions) so that you can view it in one location or perform actions related to your accounts using their services. To do this, a third party may request you to authorize access to your Bank of America accounts by providing your Bank of America user ID and password or by providing your information-sharing consent directly to Bank of America.
The third party may access, on your behalf, information about you, your Bank of America relationship, and your accounts at Bank of America.
You should use caution and ensure that the third party has appropriate policies and practices to protect the privacy and security of any personal information you provide or to which they are gaining access.
Use of your information by the third party is governed by your agreement with them, not by Bank of America. We recommend reviewing the third party’s policies before sharing your personal information to understand how they will use and store your account information. For example, look for whether they sell any of your personal information, and if your information will be transferred, processed, or stored outside of the United States.
We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any personal information accessed by any company or person to whom you provide your site user ID and password.
If you share your Bank of America user ID, password or other information about your accounts with others, we will consider that you have authorized any transaction or action initiated by using the access information you provide.
If you decide to revoke the authority you have given to a third party, we strongly recommend that you change your Bank of America password to ensure that the third party cannot continue to access your account.
You may revoke your consent for certain third parties through the Security Center within
Bank of America Online Banking
.
Social media
Bank of America engages with customers on social media platforms such as Facebook®, X®, YouTube® and LinkedIn®.
Any content you post on official Bank of America managed social media pages, such as pictures, information, opinions or any personal information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies of those respective platforms.
When interacting with official Bank of America social media pages, Bank of America’s privacy notices,
Social Media User
Terms
and
Community Guidelines
may apply.
Please review the privacy policy for the specific social media service you are using to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content.
We may allow social share buttons on our sites that enable users to easily share information on social media platforms. The non-affiliated third parties that own these widgets may have access to information about your browsing on pages of our Sites and Mobile Apps where these widgets are placed.
Share:
email
facebook
X
linkedin
Related information:
Anti-Money-Laundering
Business Continuity Statement
Social Security Number Policy
Update Your Privacy Choices
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bankofamerica.com/content/documents/privacy/switzerland_resident_privacy_notice.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.bankofamerica.com/security-center/privacy-overview/Indonesia_DPN_English_ADA_Tagged_090324.pdf:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.ml.com/content/dam/ML/privacy-and-security/philippines-privacy-notice-ada.pdf:

Sub-policy 3
https://www.bankofamerica.com/online-banking/childrens-privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Children's Privacy Policy
Get the Mobile Banking app
Select Your Device
*
iPhone
iPad
Android
Other
Go
Get it on the App Store
Before you leave our site, we want you to know your app store has its own privacy practices and level of security which may be different from ours, so please review their policies.
Or we can text a download link directly to your phone
Phone Number
*
In 999-999-9999 Format
Send
Please enter a valid 10-digit phone number
By providing your mobile number you are consenting to receive a text message. Text message fees may apply from your carrier. Text messages may be transmitted automatically.
Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Touch ID are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Get it on the App Store
Before you leave our site, we want you to know your app store has its own privacy practices and level of security which may be different from ours, so please review their policies.
Or we can send you a link by email
Email Address
*
Send
Please enter a valid email address
Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Touch ID are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Get it on Google Play
Before you leave our site, we want you to know your app store has its own privacy practices and level of security which may be different from ours, so please review their policies.
Or we can text a download link directly to your phone
Phone Number
*
In 999-999-9999 Format
Send
Please enter a phone number
By providing your mobile number you are consenting to receive a text message. Text message fees may apply from your carrier. Text messages may be transmitted automatically.
Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Samsung is a registered trademark of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
Our mobile app isn't available for all devices
If you don't see an app for your device, you may still be able to access our mobile website by typing bankofamerica.com in your mobile web browser.
Learn more about mobile banking options and supported devices
Get the mobile banking app
Before you leave our site, we want you to know your app store has its own privacy practices and level of security which may be different from ours, so please review their polices.
Continue
Go back to Bank of America
We've sent you a download link
We sent an email with the download link to
We sent a text message with the download link to
OK
We couldn't send the link
We're sorry we weren't able to send you the download link. Please try again, or use your mobile device to get the app from its app store.
OK
Children's Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: February 2025
View transcript
[Music in background throughout.]
[Bank of America
®
logo shown periodically throughout video.]
On screen copy:
Bank of America's Children's Safety Rules
Hey kids. This video is to help those 12 and younger understand the rules we follow to keep your information safe when using a Bank of America account.
For children 13 or older, your online access may include additional features, so we suggest reading our Children's Privacy Policy on our website with your parent to learn more.
On screen copy:
13 and older
There is a law that helps protect children younger than 13 called the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
On screen copy:
Safe
This law lets parents do more with the account such as allowing us to use the information you give us.
To make this easier for you to understand, we're going to break this down into three parts:
1. Who can use the account
2. Information we get from you or your parent
3. What the bank can see when you use the account
On screen copy:
3 parts
1 - 2 - 3
Let's start with #1 — who can use the account.
On screen copy:
#1
You use this account with your parent. We do this because it allows you to learn about spending and saving money - with their help. This means they can see everything you do on the account, including how you spend the money.
On screen copy:
Receipt
Parents can also set up alerts that tell them if you use your card to buy something and control how much money you spend or where you spend it.
On screen copy:
Alerts
Your parent can choose how we talk with you, as well as tell us to remove information about you from our computers.
Let's move onto #2 on our list, information we get from you or your parent.
On screen copy:
#2
It's important to know that when you use the bank account or visit our website, we may ask for some things that are unique to just you, such as your name, birthday and even where you live — the types of things you would never tell a stranger. We need this kind of information about you so you can use the bank account and so we can talk with you or your parent about the account.
We'll only ask you for it if we need it, and we won't share it unless we have to. Your parent may have already given us some of this information so don't worry if you don't know all of the answers.
On screen copy:
Won't share
If your parent lets you use our mobile app or go online to use your account, you may see things that make our app easier to use. Because these things have extra rules you must follow before you can use them, please have your parent help you set up your account.
On screen copy:
Extra rules
Things that help tell us who you are, like when you use your face or thumbprint to log into your account, are part of the device you are using; we can't see that kind of stuff.
This brings us to #3, what the bank can see when you use the account.
On screen copy:
#3
Our computers gather information about how you use the account such as the things you buy or where you bought something. They can also see things like your phone number or the number on your card.
When you visit our website, our computers collect things called cookies. These are different than the kind of cookies you eat. Cookies are tiny pieces of information that only our computers can see. Cookies help us remember things about you like your name or the places you like to spend your money.
On screen copy:
Cookies
There are different types of cookies, some we keep for just a short time and some we keep for a bit longer. We have a whole section about cookies on our website if you or your parent wants to learn more.
On screen copy:
Learn more
For now, it's important for you to understand that the information we get from you, and what our computers can see, helps us make things better for you when using the account. It can also help us tell if someone uses the account without your permission since only you and your parent are allowed to use the account.
Bank of America must follow rules just like you. Sometimes the rules change, and if they do, we'll be sure to let you know on our privacy page.
On screen copy:
Privacy Page
If there is anything that you didn't understand in this video, please talk with your parent. They can read the Privacy Rights section on this webpage for more information. Thank you for watching!
On screen copy:
?
What would you like the power to do?
Bank of America
On screen copy:
What would you like the power to do?
®
Bank of America
®
logo
On screen disclosures:
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC.
Equal Housing Lender.
© 2024 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
[End of transcript]
Contents
1.
What is a Children's Privacy Policy?
2.
What terms will help me understand this Policy?
3.
How does Bank of America keep my information safe?
4.
What kind of information does Bank of America collect?
5.
Why does Bank of America need information about me?
6.
What can Bank of America see when I visit their website or use their mobile app?
7.
How long does Bank of America keep my information?
8.
Who does Bank of America share my information with?
9.
What can my Parent see and do?
10.
Privacy Rights
11.
Contact Us
This Children's Privacy Policy ("Policy") is intended to help children and parents understand how Bank of America companies that use the name Bank of America collect, use, and share Children's information in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). Here we will walk you through our Policy along with key terms you will want to know.
Parents
this page is our Privacy Policy for Children under 18 where we outline key information that can help you and your Child understand how we protect their data. Please review this Policy with your Child. We have included a specific Parent's Rights section which includes instructions on how you can exercise your rights under COPPA. This page, along with the additional notices on our
Consumer Privacy Page
(including our
Online Privacy Notice
), is designed to help you understand how Bank of America manages privacy, and the rights you have as a Parent or legal guardian.
Children
we have created this page to help you learn about privacy and explain how we keep your information safe. Some words might be confusing so you may want to read it with an adult.
1. What is a Children's Privacy Policy?
This page is also known as our Children's Privacy Policy. Here we will explain important things Bank of America wants you to know when using our website or mobile app. Because laws sometimes change, we may need to update this page. The date at the top will show you when we made an update.
Until you are old enough to have your own account, your Parent is the owner or co-owner of your account. This means they can check your activity and see how you spend your money. Keep reading to learn about data and online privacy.
2. What terms will help me understand this Policy?
Account -
your bank account, credit card, debit card or other product you may have
Child or Children -
anyone under 18 years old
Conditions -
the promises made to use our Services
Information / Data -
facts about you or your account
Parent -
the person who set up this account, which could be your Parent or legal guardian
Policy -
this webpage / document
Privacy -
information you want to keep secret
Services -
the accounts Bank of America offers including our mobile app and online banking website
Terms -
the rules and guidelines for using our Services
We, Our, or Us -
Bank of America
3. How does Bank of America keep my information safe?
Keeping you safe is very important to us. When we learn something about you, we must keep that information safe and follow rules. We take this seriously.
4. What kind of information does Bank of America collect?
A. Personal Information
"Personal Information" is information we collect online that is unique to you such as your name, birthdate, and address. Some of this information was collected from your Parent when they set up Services for you. There may be times when we ask you for this information. This could happen if you contact us to help you with your account or if you need help logging into your account.
B. Other Account Data
"Account Data" is information about how you use your account. This information can tell us the location of your mobile device, mobile phone number, credit or debit card number, or other payment information. We collect this type of information when you make a purchase or log into your account. We may also collect information that helps us understand how you use your account such as if you play educational games that teach you about saving money on our website.
Erica® is our online assistant. Erica is a computer on our mobile app that can help you do things with your account when you talk or text with her. Some accounts may not have Erica. If you do, remember she's a computer and doesn't need your Personal Information.
If you have online access to your account, you'll see options to make it easier to use. Some options have extra rules you must follow to use them, so please have your Parent help set up your account. Any information our Services gather about you is to help make your account work correctly. Information that helps recognize you like facial recognition or fingerprint login is part of your device settings and not shared with Bank of America.
5. Why does Bank of America need information about me?
We collect your information so you can look at your account. We don't use your information for any other reason. We use this information to do things like prove who you are, help you with your account, speak with you, and help us detect things that don't look right on your account.
6. What can Bank of America see when I visit their website or use their mobile app?
We may collect information and track your activities with online technology. A common type of tracking technology is known as a cookie. Cookies, and things like cookies, are small files you can't see. This file is created when you visit a website.
Some cookies are needed so you can see the website and are only needed for a short time, like a bookmark to help you remember where you last stopped reading a book. Other cookies are like flags that stay with you until removed so we can remember things like places you like to spend your money. Sometime these flags include details about you such as your name or what state you live in. How long we keep the information collected from cookies depends on the type of cookie.
You can talk to your Parent for help on this topic. We have more details in our
Cookie policy
.
7. How long does Bank of America keep my information?
Banks have rules and laws that tell us how long to keep data and when we can delete it. We delete your data when allowed to or if your Parent asks us.
8. Who does Bank of America share my information with?
We only share your Personal Information with people or companies that need to know your information for reasons specific to the Services provided. We will not share your Personal Information for any other reason.
9. What can my Parent see and do?
As the owner/co-owner of your account, your Parent can see what you do with your account including how and when you use it. This means they can see and get alerts when you buy something or use the ATM. They are also able to control how much money you spend or where you spend it.
For children under 13
, your Parent owns the account, so they decide how we contact you. This allows them to control any contact information like phone number or email address that we might use to communicate. You are not able to change this information yourself until you are old enough to have your own account.
For children 13 and older
, you have more options, but if a Parent is a co-owner, they can still see your activity. In some cases, laws allow your Parent to do more things like ask us to not contact you or ask for your information to be removed.
10. Privacy Rights
Your privacy rights vary depending on how and where you interact with us. For more information see the Contact Us section below.
Parents and legal guardians
, you have specific rights under COPPA (for Children under 13) listed below:
Refuse to permit further contact with your Child;
Review and update the Personal Information collected online about your Child;
Refuse to permit further collection, use or maintenance of the Personal Information of your Child;
Request the deletion of personal information of your Child;
Request the deletion of the Parent's online contact information.
Only an account owner can update contact information allowing Parents to adjust their Child's contact details at any time.
11. Contact Us
How to Exercise Your Rights
Email our Individual Rights Request team:
individualrightsrequests@bofa.com
Call: 888.341.5000
For general privacy questions or concerns
Write to us:
Individual Rights Operations
TX-041-02-08
16001 N Dallas Pkwy Building 1
Addison, TX 75001
Email us:
serviceinquiries4@bofa.com
Sub-policy 4
https://www.bankofamerica.com/security-center/ccpa-disclosure/:
Skip to main content
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Last updated December 2024
Legal Entities
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice (“Notice”) applies to Bank of America legal entities that utilize the brand names Bank of America, Merrill, and BofA Securities, Inc. as well as the following entities: Managed Account Advisors LLC and BAL Investment & Advisory, Inc (“Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”).
Applicability
Your privacy is important to us. This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice (
download a printable copy of this Notice
; PDF, requires
Adobe Reader
layer
) explains how we collect, use, and disclose personal information relating to
California residents
covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the “CCPA”). This “Notice” constitutes our notice at collection and our privacy policy pursuant to the CCPA.
Introduction
Under the CCPA, “Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly with a particular California resident and includes certain categories of Personal Information discussed below that constitute “Sensitive Personal Information.” The CCPA, however, does not apply to certain information, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”).
The specific Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose relating to a California resident covered by the CCPA will vary based on our relationship or interaction with that individual. For example, this Notice does not apply with respect to information that we collect about California residents who apply for or obtain our financial products and services for personal, family, or household purposes. For more information about how we collect, disclose, and secure information relating to these customers, please refer to our
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
.
Keeping Personal Information secure is one of our most important priorities. Consistent with our obligations under applicable laws and regulations, we maintain physical, technical, electronic, procedural and organizational safeguards and security measures that are designed to protect personal data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, or access, whether it is processed by us or by others on our behalf.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
In the past 12 months, we may have collected and disclosed for our business purposes each of the following categories of Personal Information relating to California residents covered by this Notice:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers;
Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information;
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as sex and marital status;
Commercial information, such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
Biometric information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding a California resident's interaction with an internet website application or advertisement;
Geolocation data, such as device location and Internet Protocol (IP) location;
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, or similar information such as call and video recordings;
Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer;
Education information, directly related to a student; and maintained by an educational agency or institution or by a party acting for the agency or institution;
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile about a California resident reflecting their preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, and attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes; and
The following categories of Sensitive Personal Information:
Personal Information that reveals:
A California resident's Social Security, driver's license, state identification card, or passport number;
A California resident's account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account;
A California resident's precise geolocation;
A California resident's racial or ethnic origin, citizenship or immigration status, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership;
The contents of a California resident's mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication;
The processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying a California resident; and
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a California resident's health.
In addition to collecting Personal Information ourselves, we additionally coordinate with third parties to collect Personal Information on our behalf, which third parties are engaged in one or more of the business practices described below:
Delivering advertising and marketing, including on non-affiliated persons' or entities' sites and mobile apps;
Facilitating events and event management, including virtual and/or in-person events (e.g., hotels, restaurants, virtual platforms, audio/visual capabilities, food/beverage, transportation services, etc.); and
Referral sources, whether for purposes of identifying candidates for employment, identifying new client opportunities, or recommending vendors or contractors.
The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information are:
Directly from a California resident or the individual's representatives;
Service Providers, Consumer Data Resellers, Credit Reporting Agencies and other similar persons or entities;
Public Record Sources (Federal, State or Local Government Sources);
Information from our Affiliates;
Website/Mobile App Activity/Social Media;
Information from Client Directed persons or entities or Institutions representing a Client/Prospect; and
Information from Corporate Clients about individuals associated with the Clients (e.g., an employee or board member).
With respect to each category of Personal Information that we disclosed for a business purpose in the past 12 months, the categories of persons or entities to whom we disclosed that Personal Information are:
Affiliates of Bank of America;
Service Providers and Contractors who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure, customer service, email delivery, auditing, marketing, supporting research activities, credit financing, event management, and real estate management;
Other Service Providers and Contractors who provide services such as payment, banking and communication infrastructure, storage, legal expertise, tax expertise, real estate expertise, appraisal expertise, notaries and auditors, who promote the bank and its financial services and products to customers and other prospective buyers;
Other Service Providers and Contractors who enable customers to conduct transactions online and via mobile devices, support mortgage and fulfillment services, vehicle loan processes and aggregators (at the direction of the customer);
Other persons or entities to whom we transfer Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, acquisition or other transaction in which such other person or entity assumes control of all or part of the business;
Government Agencies as required by laws and regulations; and
Other persons or entities with which you may use or direct us to intentionally interact or to which you may use or direct us to intentionally disclose your Personal Information.
We do not disclose Personal Information to any other categories of third parties.
We collect, use and disclose for our business purposes Personal Information, including Sensitive Personal Information, relating to California residents to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business or commercial purposes, including the following:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services (except for cross-context behavioral advertising, a type of targeted advertising), providing analytic services, providing research services, facilitating event management and execution, managing our real estate portfolio, or providing similar services;
Helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes;
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of a current interaction with us, where the information is not disclosed to a third party and is not used to build a profile or otherwise alter the California resident's experience outside the current interaction with us;
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance that service;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
Complying with laws and regulations and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements (including any internal policy based on or reflecting legal or regulatory guidance, codes or opinions).
How Long We Retain Personal Information
The length of time that we intend to retain each category of Personal Information will depend on several criteria, including (i) the length of time we are required to retain Personal Information in order to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, (ii) the length of time we may need to retain Personal Information in order to accomplish the business or commercial purpose(s) for which such Personal Information is collected, used or disclosed (as indicated in this Notice), and (iii) whether you choose to exercise your right, subject to certain exceptions, to request deletion of your Personal Information.
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
In the 12 months preceding the date of this Notice, we have not “sold” or “shared” Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information subject to the CCPA nor have we “sold” or “shared” Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information of minors under the age of 16.
For purposes of this Notice:
“sold” means the disclosure of Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration; and
“shared” means the disclosure of Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
How We Use Sensitive Personal Information
We only use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for the following purposes consistent with CCPA Regulations:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average California resident who requests those goods or services. For example, a California resident's precise geolocation may be used by a mobile application that is providing them with directions on how to get to a specific location.
To detect security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information, provided that the use of a California resident's Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose. For example, we may disclose a California resident's log-in information to a data security company that it has hired to investigate and remediate a data breach that involved that individual's account.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at the business and to prosecute those responsible for those actions, provided that the use of a California resident's Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose. For example, we may use information about a California resident's ethnicity and/or the contents of email and text messages to investigate claims of racial discrimination or hate speech.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons, provided that the use of a California resident's Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose. For example, we may disclose a California resident's geolocation information to law enforcement to investigate an alleged kidnapping.
For short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of a California resident's current interaction with us.
To perform services such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying a California resident's information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
Rights under the CCPA
If you are a California resident covered by the CCPA, you have the right to:
Receive this Notice at or before the point of collection of your Personal Information.
Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of Personal Information about you that we collected;
the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected;
the purpose for collecting Personal Information about you;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed Personal Information about you and the categories of Personal Information that were disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the Personal Information about you; and
the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
Request we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you.
Request we delete Personal Information we collected from you, unless the CCPA recognizes an exception.
Be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Please see the section below entitled, “How to Exercise Your Rights,” for instructions explaining how you can exercise these rights described above.
Requests for specific pieces of Personal Information will require additional information to verify your identity.
For individuals submitting a request on behalf of another person, we may require proof of authorization and verification of identity directly from the person for whom the request is made.
For a company or organization submitting a request on behalf of another person, we may require proof of authorization from the individual such as a Power of Attorney and verification of identity directly from the person for whom the request is made.
In some instances, we may not be able to honor your request. For example, we will not honor your request if we cannot verify your identity or if we cannot verify that you have the authority to make a request on behalf of another individual. Additionally, we will not honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of Personal Information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another California resident or where the Personal Information that we maintain about you is not subject to the CCPA's access or deletion rights.
We will advise you in our response if we are not able to honor your request. We will not provide Social Security numbers, driver's license numbers or government-issued identification numbers, financial account numbers, unique biometric data, health care or medical identification numbers, account passwords or security questions and answers, or any specific pieces of information if the disclosure presents the possibility of unauthorized access that could result in identity theft or fraud or unreasonable risk to data or systems and network security.
We will work to process all verified requests within 45 days pursuant to the CCPA. If we need an extension for up to an additional 45 days in order to process your request, we will provide you with an explanation for the delay.
How We Process Opt-Out Preferences
Bank of America permits California residents to automatically exercise their right to opt-out of sale/sharing through opt-out preference signals without having to make individualized opt-out requests. Bank of America treats opt-out preference signals as valid requests to opt-out of sale/sharing for the browser. Please note, however, we do not “sell” or “share” personal information with any third parties, as such terms are defined by the CCPA.
How to Exercise Your Rights
If you are a California resident, you may submit a request by:
Completing an online
Personal Information Request Form
Calling 888.341.5000
Questions or Concerns
You may contact us with questions or concerns about this Notice and our practices by:
Writing us at:
Individual Rights Operations TX-041-02-08
16001 N Dallas Pkwy Building 1
Addison, TX 75001
Emailing us at
serviceinquiries4@bofa.com
Metrics
Please visit
www.bankofamerica.com/ccpa-metrics
for data reporting published in accordance with Section 7102 of the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations.
Changes to This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
We may change or update this Notice from time to time. When we do, we will post the revised Notice on this page with a new “Last Updated” date.
Where You Can Find This Notice Online
You may access this Notice online at
www.bankofamerica.com/CCPA-Notice
.
Ways to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
California residents can request details about personal information collected and shared by
entering a personal information request
or calling 888-341-5000.
Additional information:
CCPA personal information request metrics
Frequently Asked Questions
Sub-policy 5
https://secure.bankofamerica.com/customer/public/privacy.go:
Skip to main content
Important
Your choices may not be properly applied if you enter incorrect information.
You can also set your choices at your nearest financial center or by calling us at 888-341-5000.
Please review our
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
for complete details about how Bank of America manages customer information. California residents may have additional rights and you can find details in our
CCPA Notice
.
Business customers please note that choices only apply to you as an individual except where indicated.
About you
*Required
First Name
*
(Enter your legal name. Do not use nicknames.)
MI
Middle Initial
Last Name
*
Suffix
Please select
Jr.
Sr.
III
IV
V
VI
MD
Ph.D
(Enter your legal name. Do not use nicknames.)
Street address line 1*
Street address line 2
(Apartment/unit/suite number)
(Apartment/unit/suite number)
City*
State*
Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Armed Forces Americas
Armed Forces Europe
Armed Forces Pacific
ZIP Code*
Continue
to Marketing Choices page
Cancel
Cancel my Privacy Choices
Are you sure you want to cancel? If you do, all data you have entered will be lost.
Yes
, I'm sure
No
, proceed with application
BlankTestESs
BlankTestESs
BlankTestESs
Launches comment card in new window
Share website feedback
Your Privacy Choices
Sharing and Selling of Personal Data
Children's Privacy
Your Privacy Choices
This feature allows you to manage your privacy choices. By selecting a category, you can learn about your choices and make changes. Selections you make will update your default settings. Where possible, we will provide you with a single privacy profile and store settings across our brands. Occasionally there are legal or technical limitations, where you have multiple user names or accounts, that may prevent this from occurring. You should check your settings for accuracy based on your relationship with us.
Local Privacy Notices and Requirements
The Privacy Choices displayed are specific to  your local privacy requirements and our privacy notices. For more information about how we protect your privacy, including specific rights that may apply, please visit the
Opens in a new window
Institutional Privacy
and the
Opens in a new window
Consumer Privacy
pages.
Marketing Preferences
To manage your general marketing preferences, please visit the “Control how we can share your data and market to you” form on our
Opens in a new window
Privacy Page.
California Residents
To learn more about your privacy rights as a California resident, please see our
Opens in a new window
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice.
To exercise your CCPA consumer rights to request, correct or delete your personal information, please visit our
Opens in a new window
California Personal Information Request form.
To opt out of sharing and selling, open the “Sharing and selling of Personal Data” tab and make a selection.
Sharing and Selling of Personal Data
Bank of America does not sell personal information, but we may share personal information for targeted advertising. You have the right to opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information.
By switching the toggle to the left and clicking save, you are indicating that you do not want us to sell your personal information or share your personal information for online targeted advertising activities.
If you do not have an account or if you are not logged into your account, your request to opt-out of sale/sharing will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to us.
At any time, you may change your preference setting using the toggle bar.  Any manual adjustment will override previous settings.
Always Active
Bank of America is committed to protecting children’s privacy and limiting the collection and use of minor’s data.
For sites where we offer products or content to persons under 18 years of age, the privacy settings are set to the highest level, limiting data collection to what is required to run our website.
This setting  blocks the collection and use of sensitive information.
To learn more about Children’s Privacy, see our
Children's Privacy Page
.
Back Button
Cookies
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel