Privacy Policy
Mikael
2019-10-11T10:23:25+00:00
Privacy policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy statement applies to
magicapps.co
website and to our mobile applications.
Personal information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download, use or upgrade our products.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
Your prior permission;
By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
By requests from public and governmental authorities;
To protect our legal rights and interests.
Applications permissions
Some of our applications require to access to the device camera for taking pictures, selecting local images or accessing to the Internet but absolutely no personal information is collected, stored or used while customers use our applications.
Non-personal information
We may collect non-personal information with our services such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information). We will not share that information with third parties.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include third-party products or services on our website and apps. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Cookies management
Browsing site magicapps.co may cause cookies to be installed in the user’s computer. A cookie is a small file which cannot be used to identify the user but which records information concerning the browsing by a computer on a site. The data thus obtained are intended to facilitate subsequent visits to the site, as well as to enable various measurements of visit frequency.
Refusing to use a cookie may make it impossible to access certain services. Users can, however, configure their computers to prevent the installation of cookies.
We use Google Analytics on website. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve analytics on the website.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile applications.
How to contact us
Questions, comments, complaints and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to us by mail or e-mail as follows:
Mikael Montier
20 bis, rue Louis Philippe
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France
or
contact@magicapps.co
Last edited on 2019-03-12