Privacy Policy
LAKE MONSTER DOT COM, INC. Lake Monster Dot Com (“Company,” “we” or “us”) understands the importance of privacy. This Policy applies to the Lake Monster Dot Com websites (“Sites”) and mobile applications (“Apps”) that display or link to this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). In this Policy we explain how we collect, use and disclose the information that we obtain via our Sites and Apps, including the services available through the Sites and Apps (collectively, the “Services” includes the Sites and Apps, as well as the services available through them).
By accessing or using the Services, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this Policy. Your use of the Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes, available at
https://www.lakemonster.com/ap-terms
and incorporated by reference into this Policy.
Information We Collect
We may collect information about you directly from you, as well as automatically through your use of our Services.
Account Registration
You may browse certain areas of our Site and use some of our Services without registering. However, to access certain Services, we require you to create an account with us or log in through Facebook. To sign up for an account with us, you must submit your email and in some cases your name; we may send you an activation link to confirm your registration. If you login through Facebook, you must grant us permission to access your email address, friends list, and public profile information. We may access your Facebook data at any time even if you are not using Facebook. After you have registered with us or logged in through Facebook, we may also collect additional optional information from you, including any information you add to your account profile, including your full name, zip/postal code, city and state, interests, a profile picture, and other information. In addition, once registered through one of our Sites or Apps, you may use the same account information to access our other Sites and Apps.
Public Content
We collect information about the content you post to the Services. Further, any text, images, photos, audio, video, location data, and all other forms of data or communication and other content you post to public areas of the Services or transmit to other users (collectively, “User Contributions”), are posted at your own risk. We may display this content on the Services, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Services with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Other Information
In addition, we may offer surveys, contests and promotions. If you participate, we will collect additional information from you, which could include additional personal information.
Information We Collect Automatically
We may automatically collect and store information related to you and your use of the Services through cookies, web beacons, log files, JavaScript and other technologies, such as your browser type; IP address; unique device identifier; geo-location; referring URL (webpage that led you to our Site); browser language; the pages you view and links you click on the Services; the date and time of your visit; the length of time you spend on the Services; your domain name; your operating system; visit our Site and or use our Services; and your location information. We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your user name, name, and other personal information. Please see the section “Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information.
How We Use Information
To provide our Services to you, to allow you to participate in interactive features of the Services, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, and for other customer service purposes.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Site or our Services. We also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites, and in advertising third party products and services on our Site.
For marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we may use your information, such as your email address, to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you.
To better understand how users access and use our Site and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Site and Services, respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes (such as analyzing and composing reports on trends, which may be sold to third parties).
How We Disclose Information
As noted above, your user name and any information that you post to our Services, is publicly available. You can also choose to share your location, activities, comments on trails and conditions, and other information with other users. In addition, we may disclose or share the information we collect, including personal information as follows:
Service Providers. We may outsource some of our technical and customer support, functions and other services to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. We may share information from or about you with them so that they can perform their services.
Affiliates. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates. Our affiliates may, for example, use your information to send you informational or promotional offers, as well as for other purposes consistent with their privacy policy. In addition, certain user content from our Site or App, may be shared on our affiliate’s websites.
Partners. From time to time we may establish relationships with certain third parties, and may share your name, email and zip code with those third parties. You may opt out of this sharing by logging in to your account and changing your communications preferences; however, opting out will not affect any information we have already shared with such third parties. In addition, if you participate in a contest or promotion offered by us, we may share your information with the sponsor of such contest or promotion; we will notify you of this at the time you choose to participate, and you can choose not to permit the sharing by not participating in the contest or promotion.
In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation or arbitration.
Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merge with another company, if all or substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the acquiring company.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes, for a fee.
Use of Mobile Numbers for Login Verification
We use your mobile number solely for sending a verification code to facilitate your login process. This information will not be used for marketing purposes or shared with third parties.
User Consent for Login Verification Messages
By providing your phone number, you consent to receive a text message containing a verification code. This code is used solely for the purpose of verifying your identity and granting access to your account.
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Services. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf). Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies), or the section below (e.g., by opting out of certain ad networks).
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site and Service. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Site who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function.
Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages or in emails. We may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Site to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Site usage. We or our service providers may also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Third-party Analytics
We use third party analytics tools, including Google Analytics, to collect, monitor and analyze Site and App information, in order to improve functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor the Services to our users’ needs. Accordingly, usage data is shared with Google, which has its own privacy policy addressing how it uses such information. We encourage you to review this privacy policy to understand how Google uses such information.
Advertising
We use third parties such as network advertisers to display advertisements on our Site, to assist us in displaying advertisements on third party websites, and to evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns. For example, we work with Facebook Ads to display ads on Facebook, and Google Ads to display ads on other third party sites. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Site as well as other websites. These third parties may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. Their use of cookies and other technologies, and the information they collect, are governed by their own privacy policies, not this one. We may provide these third-parties with information about your usage of our Site and our services.
You may opt-out of receiving ads that are based upon your visits to multiple third party websites from certain third-party ad networks (including Facebook and Google), which are operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of participating third-party ad networks, please visit their respective websites:
www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp
(NAI) and
www.aboutads.info/choices
(DAA).
Communications From Us
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you, about Company and the Services, and, from time-to-time, about third party products and offers we think may interest you. You may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail, or by logging in to your account and changing your email preferences. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us, we may still send you e-mails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to request a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed personally identifiable information about you for their own direct marketing purposes, please contact us at
info@lakemonster.com
. You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response. Also, as noted in the Partners section of the Disclosure section above, you may control whether we share your information with our partners.
User Generated Content
As noted, you can post content to our Services, including your comments, reviews, pictures, and any other information. If you post such content, all of the information that you post may be available to other users of Services and may also be distributed on third party sites. Your posting may become public and the Company cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, the law, or your personal privacy. In addition, other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your user account if you include personal information in your User Contributions.
Plug-ins and Social Media Widgets
Our Services may include social media features and widgets, such as the Facebook “Like” button and the “Share this” button, as well as other interactive mini-programs that run on our Services and enable certain features to work (e.g., blogs and comments). These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site or viewing through the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly and for purposes. These features are displayed on our Services, but are hosted by third parties, and are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
Third-Party Links
Our Services may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.
Data Retention and Account Termination
If you terminate your account, we will remove your name and email address from our public servers but will not remove or delete any public content from the Services. Please note that we may maintain this information for a period of time as part of our business records, and this information may also exist in backup storage even after it has been removed from our active databases. You can request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
info@lakemonster.com
.
Access To My Personal Information
You may modify personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site for a period of time, and we may maintain copies of such information in our business records.
Children
The Services are intended for general audiences and not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. No one under the age of 13 may provide any information to or on the Services. If you are under 13, do not provide any information on the Sites, through any of the Services, register for the Services, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the Services, or provide any information about yourself to us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information we will take steps to securely delete such information.
Security
We have implemented safeguards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
International Users
Any information we collect from you will be transferred to the United States, and may be transferred to other jurisdictions where we have operations, affiliates or services providers. The laws in these jurisdictions may not provide equivalent privacy protection as the laws of your home jurisdiction. By using the Services you are expressly consenting to the transfer of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Modifications To This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Policy will govern our use of your information. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will endeavor to notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Services prior to the effective date of the changes. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Policy.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
info@lakemonster.com
. This Privacy Policy was Last Updated on Sep 23,
Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia ("CafeMedia") for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia's data usage, click here
www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy:
Warning!
Your browser does not support JavaScript!
Raptive Advertising Privacy Statement
CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) has an affiliate agreement with the website from which you linked (the “Site”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site. This Advertising Privacy Statement explains how Raptive uses your data and supersedes any other language on the Site (if any) with respect to the data privacy practices of Raptive.
We Collect Personal Data for Online Advertising
We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, Raptive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behavior on the site from which you linked and on other websites across the Internet using data available from your web browser, including cookies. We may also combine some of this information with information we obtain from third parties in order to create anonymous profiles. These profiles enable us and our partners to include you in audience segments, i.e., groups of users with similar interests. This audience data does not directly identify you. We share audience information with ad buyers and their technology partners via an automated bidding process operated by third parties that allows ad buyers to bid for the opportunity to display advertisements on the Site that you may find more relevant and accurate.
How We Collect Personal Data
Raptive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, which allow us to collect data like your IP Address (a unique address that identifies your device), geolocation, web browser type, device information, and operating system. By using the Site from which you linked, you consent to the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies, and the sharing of data captured by such technologies with Raptive, Google, and our site’s other third party partners.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain directly-identifying information like your name or phone number, but other personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
If you have provided your email address to the Site, such as when registering for a newsletter or promotion, the Site may share your email address with us. Sometimes we may provide certain functions to the Site so that we can collect your email address (with your knowledge) directly for both the Site and us. We will “hash” or de-identify your email address in order to create pseudonymous advertising profiles reflecting your interests, as further described below. Similarly, if you have provided your phone number or other identifying information to the Site or one of our partners described below, and that information is provided to us, that information is then “hashed” or de-identified before being used to create an advertising profile.
We use pseudonymized information such as your hashed identifiers, and share the pseudonymized information with our advertising partners, to enhance the information shared by your web browser software for the purpose of building advertising profiles as described above. An advertising profile could include information such as the Site content you have viewed and other interests, your other online activities, demographic data about you, and your interactions with advertisements on the Site. Raptive’s advertising partners and their activities are further described below in “Third Party Partnerships.”
Managing or Opting Out of the Use of Your Data
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:
https://adssettings.google.com
. To opt out of sharing information collected from your web browser for advertising purposes, you can use
DAA WebChoice Tool
, available at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
. Please note that these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
Google Chrome. The Google Chrome browser notes your topics of interest based on the sites you browse and how often you visit them. Sites can also store info with Chrome about your interests. If you use Google Chrome, we may collect some information on your browsing history and share it with our partner companies. For more information and how to opt out, visit:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/13355898?hl=en&sjid=4513061944593762279-NA#
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing. If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by Raptive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences link at the bottom of the site. (Available in the EU.)
European Union Representative
consentmanager ab
Håltegelvägen 1b, 72348 Västerås, Sweden,
www.consentmanager.net
Mail:
support@consentmanager.net
Right to Opt Out of “Sales” of Personal Information in Some US States
Certain state laws – for example, California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia– give residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information to third parties, including for advertising purposes. Under these laws, the sharing of your information with a service provider for advertising purposes could be considered a “sale.” To opt out of the sharing of your information for advertising information, click the opt out link provided in the footer of the site from which you linked. If the site from which you linked does not have a footer, you can find the opt out link provided on the privacy policy page from which you linked. You also have the right to request from us the categories of personal information that we have shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was provided. To make such a request, please contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. To be clear, we do not share your name, contact information, or any other sensitive information with third parties, and the categories of third parties that we share information with for advertising purposes are supply side platforms, programmatic advertising exchanges, and demand side platforms.
Third Party Partnerships
On behalf of the site from which you linked, Raptive partners with certain technology services providers. Below you can read detailed information about the privacy policies of these technology companies, and choose to opt-out of their advertising related capabilities.
Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences. When you use the Site, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form) with our partner/service provider, Amazon Publisher Service – Publisher Audiences. We may also share hashed and de-identified email addresses with Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences, which uses that information to create a link between your hashed email and its databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email and in-app etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. To opt out of this use, please head here:
https://youradchoices.com/
For Amazon Publisher Services Privacy Policy please head here:
https://aps.amazon.com/aps/privacy-policy/
Criteo. We share hashed emails with our partner Criteo for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Criteo hashed email targeting here:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Fabrick. We share pseudonymized information, including a hashed version of information that we collect from you directly (such as email or phone number), third party IDs (such as mobile advertising IDs or other IDs assigned by third parties), IP addresses, and/or information about your browser or operating system with Neustar Information Services . Neustar Information Services and its affiliated companies (NIS) may match this pseudonymized information with information in their data repositories and issue another pseudonymous ID, which is changed on a weekly basis, for our use in connection with real-time bidding for digital advertising. NIS and other third parties may also link demographic or interest based information to your browser via Cookies. To opt out of the use of this data by NIS for this purpose, click here:
Neustar Privacy Choices
or use the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out link provided above.
Flashtalking. We may choose to share and/or utilize information with our partner Flashtalking for the purposes of internet based advertising. You may learn more about how Flashtalking operates and choose to opt-out of Flashtalking here:
https://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy
.
ID5. We may choose to share information with our partner ID5 for the purposes of ad targeting. You may learn more about how ID5 operates and choose to opt-out of ID5 data collection here:
https://id5.io/platfo
LiveIntent. We may provide your hashed email address to our partner LiveIntent, which may match it with other data associated with email address collected by LiveIntent in order to help us create a more accurate advertising profile. You can learn more about how LiveIntent operates, and choose to opt out of LiveIntent’s use of your data for online advertising, here:
https://www.liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy/
LiveRamp. When you use our Publisher network’s websites and enter your email address (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar), they may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that they collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). Acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that Publishers may store in their first-party cookie for use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy:
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
Optable. We use Optable for data management and storage, including your personal information. Optable is processor working on our behalf and does not further share your data without our permission. Optable is a platform we use to build “clean rooms” to facilitate Rapitve’s integration with other third-party partners that provide us with additional data that we could include in building audience segments.
Slickstream. The site you visited may include search functionality that we provide called Slickstream. To learn more about Slickstream, you can visit
Slickstream.com
. We provide the Slickstream service to other publishers in addition to those with which we have an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes. Slickstream collects data regarding the pages you have visited within the site, to provide you with search results and content recommendations, among other things. In addition, you may be asked to voluntarily provide your email address and other personal information as part of your use of the Slickstream search functionality. We use the data collected via Slickstream to provide the Slickstream service. If the Site from which you linked has an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes, we will also use that information in connection with advertising as provided above. You can opt out of our use of your information for such purposes by following the links referenced above, or by contacting us at
optout@raptive.com
.
The Trade Desk. We may choose to share an encrypted, unique identifier, based on your email address and/or other personal information, with our partner The Trade Desk. This identifier, called UID 2.0, is used to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes. Detailed information on The Trade Desk is available at:
https://www.thetradedesk.com/privacy
You can choose to opt out of UID 2.0 by visiting the Transparency and Control Portal at:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
Verizon. We share hashed emails with our partner Verizon for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Verizon hashed email targeting here:
https://yahoo.mydashboard.oath.com/