Panasonic Privacy Policy
Last updated 1 May 2023
Panasonic is committed to ensuring that your “Personal Data” (as explained below) is used fairly, lawfully, and securely and that your privacy is protected at all times. We place high importance on compliance with the applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including, but not limited to the European Union (EU) Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
This Privacy Policy is intended to tell you how we “process” (as explained below) information about you ("Personal Data" as explained below) that you provide to us or that we collect through your use of  LUMIX Sync application (collectively our “Services”), or when you engage with us on social media or otherwise interact with us. It also applies if explicit reference is made to it via link or in a similar manner. Wherever we process your Personal Data, and a different
privacy policy is required (e.g., for other specific websites, platforms, or portals), Panasonic will provide a specific privacy policy. This Privacy Policy supplements other privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
If you are a California resident, additional privacy policy applies to you, in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act.  Please see Appendix in the link below.
CCPA Appendix
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data we collect, store, use, disclose and transfer (hereinafter “process”), how we do it, for which purpose and what our legal bases are. It also provides you with information on your rights under the GDPR and how you can contact us if want to exercise your rights or have a complaint.
Please click on the links below for further information on our privacy practices:
Information about us
What is Personal Data?
What Personal Data do we collect about you and how?
How do we use your Personal Data (purpose and legal basis)?
To whom do we disclose your Personal Data?
What do we do to keep your Personal Data secure?
If you fail to provide Personal Data to us
Accessing your Personal Data and other rights you have
What are your rights?
Your right related to Marketing Communication
Exercising your rights
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, then please contact us by using the communication means set out in Section 13 below.
If you do not wish to receive marketing communication from Panasonic, then please click "Unsubscribe" from any marketing or promotional email you receive from us and/or update your email and contact preferences in your My Panasonic account.
Complaints
Data Retention – How long we will retain your Personal Data?
Cookies
Children's Personal Data
Changes to this Privacy Policy or to your Personal Data
Contact Us
Information about us
This Privacy Policy is issued by Panasonic Corporation  (Panasonic Tokyo Shiodome Bld. 1-5-1 Higashi Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8301) on behalf of ourselves and the Panasonic Group of Companies. The Panasonic Group of Companies consists of Panasonic Holdings Corporation, headquartered in Kadoma, Osaka Prefecture, Japan, as well as a number of Affiliates  who can be found here
https://holdings.panasonic/global/corporate/about/group-companies.html#renketsu
In this Privacy Policy, when we refer to “Panasonic”, “we”, “us” or “our”, this means the relevant company/companies (in the case of joint controllers) in the Panasonic Group that is/are responsible for processing your Personal Data. For Personal Data gathered via this website, this is [insert name of controller(s)]. Where several Panasonic companies are jointly responsible for the processing of your Personal Data, you can exercise your rights against the company issuing this Privacy Policy.
What is Personal Data?
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Data" consists of any information about an individual from which that person can, directly or indirectly, be identified. When we combine other information (i.e., information that does not, on its own, identify an individual) with Personal Data, we treat the combined information as Personal Data.
What Personal Data do we collect about you and how?
Depending upon your use of this website/our Services (see Section 4 below), Panasonic collects and processes some or all of the Personal Data set out in the table below, using the methods and channels also set out in the table.
Types of collected Personal Data
How we collect the Personal Data
“Location Data”:
Such as your product or device’s GPS signal.
Automated, through our use of technologies set on your product, device, or our application.
“Marketing and Communications Data”
: Including your marketing and communications preferences such as e.g., language settings and when you receive and read marketing communications from us like our newsletter.
Automated, through our use of cookies and similar technologies set on your product, device, or our application, if you consented to our usage on beforehand; please visit our Cookie Policy for more information .
“Product/Device/Application Log Data”
:Including your hardware model, IMEI number, your operating system, the language and version of browser you use, time zone setting, date and time you accessed to the Services, content of the accessed Service/name and URL of the file you accessed (page visited), operating system details, access status/HTTP-status code, amount of data transferred, previously visited page  and other technology on the product or device you use to access the Services.
Automated, through our use of technologies set on your product, device, or our application.
How do we use your Personal Data (purpose and legal basis)?
We process your Personal Data in the context of the activities and for the purposes set out in the table below and rely on one or more of the following the specified legal bases:
-Performance of a contract
:Where we need to perform a contract which we are about to put in place or have put in place with you as a party, or (at your request) take steps before putting such a contract in place (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR);
-Legal obligation
:Where we need to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject (Art.6(1)(c) GDPR);
-Legitimate interests
:Where we are acting in our legitimate interests, provided that they are not overridden by your fundamental rights (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). We assess our legitimate interests for processing your Personal Data and balance them against any potential impact on you. Generally, the legitimate interests pursued by us in relation to our use of your Personal Data is the efficient, secure, and lawful performance and/or management of (i) your use of this website, our online shop and any of our Services, (ii) our business relationship with you, e.g., when you use our online shop, and/or (iii) improving our Services.
Where we rely
on our legitimate interests you have the right to object to such processing at any time under the conditions set out in the GDPR
; for more information on our legitimate interests or our balancing test, please contact us by using the communication means set out in Section 13 below;
-Consent
:Where we rely on your consent, we will ask for it separately (6(1)(a) GDPR). Generally, we rely on consent where we are required in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email or text message and in using cookies.
Please note that Panasonic does not base any decision solely on automated processing including profiling that significantly affects you or has legal effects for you (Art. 22 GDPR) and that we will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it as detailed in the table below and our Cookie Policy, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use if for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to receive an explanation as to how the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us by using the communication means set out in Section 13 below.
Activity and purpose
Types of Personal Data
Legal basis
Send Marketing Communications
Provide customised advertisements, sponsored content, make recommendations based on your past activities on our Services and sending you relevant promotional communications such as newsletters
Location Data
Consent
Performance of a contract
Legitimate interests
Marketing and Communications Data
Product/Device/Application Data
Service Improvement and Surveys
To develop and improve new and existing Panasonic products and Services, recommendations, advertisements, and other communications and learning more about your preferences including asking you for your opinions on our products and Services and carrying out surveys.
The information about your user behaviour is collected exclusively pseudonymized, the IDs are not linked to your other Personal Data, a direct personal reference is excluded. We create anonymous, aggregated statistics about the use of our Services.
Location Data
Consent
Legitimate interests
Marketing and Communications Data
Product/Device/Application Data
To whom do we disclose your Personal Data?
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties for their own independent marketing or business purposes unless you have given your consent to do so. However, we may have to disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of recipients for the purposes we collected it as set out in Section 4 relying on the legal bases specified therein:
I.Panasonic Holdings Corporation and Affiliates
We may need to transfer your Personal Data within the Panasonic Group of Companies to provide the Services you require or any other services/assistance you request. All companies within the Panasonic Group are required to follow the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Policy, or another privacy policy that they may notify to you and to process your Personal Data in accordance with the applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations
II.Service Providers
We use service providers who provide information technology and system administration services to us and help us to administer certain activities and services on our behalf and they will operate only in accordance with our instructions as data processors.
These service providers include web hosting service providers to host our websites, e-mail service providers used to assist us in sending emails to you in accordance with your marketing preferences, Customer Relationship Management providers, payment service providers, and parcel service providers if you shop online and, Consent Management Platform providers to assist us in managing  your consent and to keep our information on cookies used up-to-date, and data analytics providers used to assist us in understanding the usage of our products/devices and Services, to enable us to improve our Services. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
III.Third parties when required by Law or to Protect our Business and Services
We will disclose your Personal Data to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies; to protect our customers (e.g., to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our Services); to operate and maintain the security of our Services (e.g., to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or networks); to protect the health and safety of our colleagues and others with whom we have contact; or to protect the rights or property of Panasonic, including enforcing any terms or agreements governing the use of our Services.
IV.Other Parties in Connection With Corporate Transactions
We may disclose your Personal Data to a third party or within the Panasonic Group of Companies as part of a reorganisation, merger, transfer, sale, joint
venture, assignment or other disposition of all or any portion of Panasonic's business, assets, or stock, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding.
V.Third-party Competition Providers
We disclose your Personal Data to third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, free prize draws, competitions, and similar promotions you participate in. These third-party providers will be identified to you prior to when you enter any competition, sweepstake, prize draw or similar promotion.
VI.Other Parties With Your Consent or At Your Direction
We may share Personal Data about you with third parties when you consent to or request such sharing.
What do we do to keep your Personal Data secure?
The security of your Personal Data is of greatest importance to Panasonic. We have put in place a range of appropriate physical and technical measures as well as robust policies and processes. The purpose thereof is to safeguard your Personal Data and to protect it against accidental or unlawful destruction or alteration, accidental loss, unauthorized disclosure, or access and against other unlawful forms of processing. These measures take into account the state of the art of the technology, the costs of its implementation, the nature of the Personal Data, and the risk of the processing.
Information security, including the protection of Personal Data is organized in a global Panasonic Program called Information Security Management (“ISM”). The related aim, standards and implementation measures are organized in a globally valid Policy, and further standards and guidelines. The program and all its parts follow a strong yearly Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA) approach to secure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of all data (including your Personal Data) for the whole information lifecycle from collection to destruction of such information.
All our websites are protected by Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) to secure the communication between your web browser and our web servers. The communication
protocol is encrypted using Transfer Layer Security (TLS) OR Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Other security layers and measures need to be kept confidential to prevent malicious actors from understanding out security setting.
If you fail to provide Personal Data to us
Where we need to collect your Personal Data before we can provide our products and/or Services and you fail to provide that data when requested, we will not be able to provide products and/or Services if we do not have all the Personal Data we need. In this case, may have to cancel a Service you have with us and will notify you if this is the case at the time.
Accessing your Personal Data and other rights you have
What are your rights?
Your rights under the GDPR include the right to be informed, the right to access a copy of your Personal Data, the right to request the rectification or the update of any inaccurate Personal Data we hold, and the right to request erasure of your Personal Data.
You also have the right to obtain restriction of the processing of your Personal Data, the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data at any time under the conditions set out in the GDPR, and the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing.
In addition, you have the right to data portability in certain cases. This is the right to request the return of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to request the transmission of such personal data to a third party, without hindrance from us and subject to your own
confidentiality obligations.
You also have the right to not provide consent and, where you have consented to our processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time without this withdrawal affecting the lawfulness of the processing prior to such withdrawal.
Your rights are further specified in Art. 7 and Chapter 3 of the GDPR and other applicable data protection legislation.
Your right related to Marketing Communication
You have the absolute right to object to the processing of your Personal Data for marketing purposes. If you object and request us to stop processing your Personal Data for marketing purposes, we shall stop processing your Personal Data for those purposes.
Exercising your rights
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, then please contact us by using the communication means set out in Section 13 below.
If you do not wish to receive marketing communication from Panasonic, then please click "Unsubscribe" from any marketing or promotional email you receive from us and/or update your email and contact preferences in your My Panasonic account.
Complaints
If you are not satisfied with how we process your Personal Data, then please contact us by using the communication means below in Section 13 or alternatively file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority:
-EEA/EU authorities:
Members | European Data Protection Board (europa.eu)
-United Kingdom (UK):
Make a complaint | ICO
Data Retention – How long we will retain your Personal Data?
We will only retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it has been collected. This includes the purposes of fulfilling our contract with you, satisfying any legal, regulatory, accounting, reporting obligation we are subject to and the establishment or defence of legal claims.
To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal  Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. For details of retention periods for cookies used on this website, please see our Cookie Notice. If you would like to know more about the retention periods we apply to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the communication means set out in Section 13 below.
Cookies
For information on what cookies are, how Panasonic and other third parties use cookies and similar technologies, and for details of how cookies can be disabled, please see our Cookie Policy.
Children's Personal Data
This Website is not intended for children (anyone under the age of 16 years), and we do not knowingly collect or try to collect Personal Data from or about children.
Changes to this Privacy Policy or to your Personal Data
It also is important that you check back often for updates to the Privacy Policy, as we may change it from time to time. The “Date last updated” Section  at the top of this page states when this Privacy Policy was last updated, and any changes will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
We will provide additional policy to you if these changes are material by adding a statement to this website or by sending you a notification through any relevant Services or email.
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you. It is important to us that the Personal Data we hold about you is accurate and up to date at all times. If any of the Personal Data we hold about you changes, please keep us informed.
Contact Us
If you have questions about Data Protection in Europe, please contact us at:
Panasonic Business Support Europe GmbH
The Data Protection Officer
Hagenauerstrasse 43
D-65203 Wiesbaden
Germany
or by e-mail: Data_Protection@eu.panasonic.com
Please note that Panasonic Business Support Europe GmbH acts as
Representative
of the data controller (Art. 27 GDPR) if you reside in a member state of the European Economic Area.
If you have any questions about Data Protection in the United Kingdom (UK), please contact us at:
UK Legal Department
Panasonic Business Support Europe GmbH (UK branch)
Maxis 2, Western Road,
Bracknell, Berkshire,
RG12 1RT
UK
or by e-mail: UKLegal@eu.panasonic.com