Privacy Policy
"CamHipro" (hereinafter also referred to as "we") attaches great importance to your personal privacy. When you use our services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to use this "Privacy Policy" to explain to you how we collect, use, store and share this information when using our services, as well as the ways we can provide you with access, update, control and protection of this information. This "Privacy Policy" is closely related to the services you use. I hope you will read it carefully, and if necessary, follow the guidelines of this "Privacy Policy" to make the choices you think are appropriate. We try to express the relevant technical vocabulary in this "Privacy Policy" in a concise manner, and provide links to further explanations for your understanding.
You use or continued use of our services means that you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your relevant information in accordance with this "Privacy Policy".
This "Privacy Policy" will help you understand the following:
Chapter 1 How we collect and use your personal information
Chapter 2 How will we protect your information
Chapter 3 About Exemption
Chapter 4 Revision of the Privacy Statement
Chapter 5 How to contact us
Chapter 1 How we collect and use your personal information
When the application needs to obtain relevant permissions, we will ask for your consent and use the following permissions:
a) IDFA is used to track and push personalized content to you.
b) Album permission is used to select the QR code picture of the camera and save the picture and video of the camera to the album.
c) Positioning permission is used to configure the network for the camera (iOS 13 and above get the current SSID of the mobile phone).
d) Camera permission is used to scan the QR code of the camera to quickly add the camera.
e) Microphone permission is used to talk to the camera.
Chapter 2 How will we protect your information
Strictly protect the security of your personal information. We use various security technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or leakage.
We will disclose your personal information when required by law or in compliance with the relevant terms of service of "CamHipro" and the agreement in the software license use agreement:
a) Meet the express provisions of the law, or comply with the legal procedures applicable to this application of "CamHipro".
b) Comply with "CamHipro" related terms of service and software license agreement. We will not share this information with third parties without permission, except for the cases already listed in this statement.
Chapter 3 About Exemption
We do not assume any legal responsibility for the occurrence of the following related matters:
a) "CamHipro" provides your personal information in accordance with legal regulations or relevant government requirements.
b) Leakage of personal information not caused by "CamHipro".
c) Disputes arising from the use of your personal information by any third party in accordance with the conditions listed in the terms of service and statement of "CamHipro".
d) Any temporary service suspension caused by hacker attacks, computer virus intrusion or government control.
e) Any consequences caused by force majeure.
Chapter 4 Revision of the Privacy Statement
This privacy statement will be revised at any time as needed. We recommend that users go online regularly to check the latest privacy policy and terms of use. If any terms are updated in the future, we will not take the initiative to remind users, nor will we go back to what happened in the application before, and we will not change the way we process the previously collected data.
Chapter 5 How to contact us
If you have any questions about this "Privacy Policy" or related matters, or have any suggestions for our services, please contact us directly for feedback. Customer service email: service@hichip.net.
Under normal circumstances, we will reply within 15 days.
Last update date: November 2021