PRIVACY POLICY

We take your privacy as serious as we take our own. Check out everything we're doing to protect your information.

This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you use Speed Typer.

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We share your high scores with the Game Center leaderboards upon your authorization. Any other information is not collected by justncode LLC in any way. In other words, your high score is stored locally on your device to keep track of your progress in regards to your texting speed. By using Speed Typer, you consent to our privacy policy.

PERSONALIZED ADVERTISING
Personalized advertising is used to deliver you relevant advertisements and leads to an improved experience using Speed Typer. This is an opt-in feature for iOS 14+ devices, and Google's AdMob is the mobile advertising platform that Speed Typer uses to deliver personalized advertisements to you. Since Speed Typer uses Google's AdMob, we collect, share and use user data as a result to help devlier these advertisements.

GOOGLE ADMOB
To improve the performance of AdMob, we may collect certain information from Speed Typer, including:

- IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
- Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
- User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
- A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
- Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
- Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.

For more information about data collection related to AdMob, please see https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/data-disclosure.

CHANGES
You can review the most current version of the Privacy Policy at any time at this page. 

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of this Privacy Policy by posting updates and changes to our app. It is your responsibility to check our app periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes.

CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at juke@justncode.com.