Privacy policy
1. The identity and the contact data of the Supplier of products and/or services and the contact data of the data protection officer
Identity and the contact data of the
Supplier of products and/or services (also referred to in this Privacy Policy the “Supplier of products and/or services” or the”Controller”):
1.1. Contact data of the data protection officer (“DPO”)
may be found on the website
www.globalfoodsoft.com
, as long as it was (necessary to be) appointed such data protection officer.
2. Purposes (and related legal basis) of the processing(s)
2.1.
The Controller shall process the personal data you
(also referred to in this privacy policy ”you” or the “client” or  the  “data subject”)
provided by the client
(eg. Name, surname, (delivery)  address, phone no., email address) when ordering products and/or services through the application of the Provider (referred to in this Privacy Policy the “application” or the ”solution”), and communicated by the Provider to the Controller,
for any purposes in order to take the steps in order to conclude a contract with the client
(following a request expressed by the client when using the application)
and to perform the agreement concluded with the client (the “agreement”).
2.2.
Your
electronic contact details
provided in the context of selling a product or a service
may be used for direct marketing (unsolicited communications) regarding similar products or services.
You can always withdraw your consent by using the unsubscribe link available prior to any ordering session of yours or in the footer of any marketing email communication received from us.
2.4.
Without affecting the generality of the foregoing and for the sake of clarity, your
(electronic contact) data may be used
by the Controller and/or the suppliers of products and/or services in order
to send you direct marketing communications (unsolicited communications, for products or services that are not similar to those in the context of which you provided your data),
as long as you gave your consent
for such purpose.
You can always withdraw your consent by accessing the provided link.
2.5. The Controller will store and process any of your personal data to the maximum extend and period provided by the mandatory applicable legal regulations in force.
2.6.
The Controller will also process your personal data for any other purposes for which you expressed the unambiguous consent.
3. Legal basis of the processing
The legal basis of the processing are article 6 paragraph (1) letter  (b) and (c), as well as, especially in case of the direct marketing, the letter (f), from the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, from 27 April 2016 (referred to in this Privacy Policy the “Regulation” or (“GDPR”), namely:
(b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract;
(c) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Controller is subject;
………………….
(f) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller or by a third party...”.
To the maximum extent permitted by the legal regulations in force, the personal data processing for direct marketing purposes may be performed for a legitimate interest, taking into consideration  there is a relevant and adequate relationship  between the data subject  and the Controller, the data subject being/becoming  a client of the Controller. The legitimate interests pursued by the Controller through the direct marketing communications, mainly are the possibility of keeping the client updated with the activity of the Controller.
4. Recipients or the category of recipients of the personal data
4.1.
Sending your data to different recipients and in different (third) countries,  recipients that are processing  the personal data for (compatible, related and correlated purposes with) the purpose of executing the contract you have with the Controller, namely: delivery providers, printing providers, pos billing providers, loyalty providers, etc.
4.2.
Also, without affecting the generality of the foregoing and for the sake of clarity, the following information, will be transmitted to the following categories of recipients, for the following purposes:
4.2.1.
Your details, namely: last name, first  name, email address, phone number, delivery address (if relevant), provided together with the details of your order, on the electronic way (excluding the details of the payment card, if you have chosen  the online payment process) will be (re)transmitted through email messenger operators  to the Controller and back to you, to your email address, in order to process the order and in order to offer you the relevant notifications regarding the information about confirmation or rejection of the order or about the missed orders and about the delivery of your order.
4.2.2.
If possible, your details, namely : last name, first  name, email address, phone number, delivery address (if relevant), provided together with the details of your order, on the electronic way (excluding the details of the payment card, if you have chosen  the online payment process) will be (re)transmitted through SMS messenger operators to the suppliers of products and/or services and back to you, by SMS,  in order to process the order and in order to offer you the relevant notifications regarding the information about confirmation or rejection of the order or about the missed orders and about the delivery of your order.
4.2.3.
As well as, the personal data will be sent in order to be stored by the data storage providers
5. Transfers of personal data to third countries or an international organization
5.1.
An eventual transfer or a set of transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organisation shall take place only on one of the following conditions:
(a) the data subject has explicitly consented to the proposed transfer, after having been informed of the possible risks of such transfers for the data subject due to the absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate safeguards;
(b) the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between the data subject and the Controller or the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken at the data subject's request;
(c) the transfer is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract concluded in the interest of the data subject between the Controller and another natural or legal person;
(d) the transfer is necessary for important reasons of public interest;
(e) the transfer is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
(f) the transfer is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of other people, where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent;
g) existence of a adequacy decision according with the Regulation;
h) existence of appropriate safeguards, including binding corporate rules according with the Regulation;
5.2.
The following data will be transferred to the following third countries, as follows:
5.2.1.
Last name, first name, email address, phone number, delivery address (if relevant) will be sent to Sendgrid Inc, based in Denver Colorado - USA, in order to process the order and in order to offer you the relevant notifications regarding the information about confirmation or reject of the order or about the missed orders and about the delivery of your order.
5.2.2.
Last name, first name, email address, phone number, delivery address (if relevant) will be sent to Peaberry Software Inc. d/b/a Customer IO based in New York – USA, in order to process the order and in order to offer you the relevant notifications regarding the information about confirmation or reject of the order or about the missed orders and about the delivery of your order.
5.2.3.
Last name, first name, email address, phone number, delivery address (if relevant) will be sent to Twilio Inc., in San Francisco, California - USA, in order to process the order and in order to offer you the relevant notifications regarding the information about confirmation or reject of the order or about the missed orders and about the delivery of your order.
5.2.4.
Last name, first name, email address, phone number, and delivery address (if relevant) Order session originating IP will be send in USA, in order to be stored and/or in order to process the order and in order to offer you the relevant notifications regarding the information about confirmation or reject of the order or about the missed orders and about the delivery of your order.
5.2.5.
If online payment is available and you choose to use it, then the last name, first name, email address, phone number, delivery address (if relevant), order session originating IP, card holder name, card expiration date, card number, CVV (if required) will be sent to Spreedly Inc. based in Durham North Carolina USA, in order to process the order and in order to offer you the relevant notifications regarding the information about confirmation or reject of the order or about the missed orders and about the delivery of your order.
5.2.6.
Third countries may be added and/or removed from time to time by the Controller,  as and if the case may be.
6. The period for which the personal data will be stored/ The criteria used to determine that period.
The personal data will be stored for  1 year but not less than the period provided by the legal regulations in force.
The personal data will be (mainly) stored in order to execute the agreement as well as for fiscal and/or legal purposes and additionally, specifically and without affecting the generality of the foregoing, the email address and the phone number (as and if the case may be) will be stored for direct marketing purpose.
7. Obligation to provide the personal data and of the possible consequences of failure to provide such data
The provision of the personal data is a contractual requirement.
The data subject is obliged to provide the personal data.
The refusal to provide (certain) (personal) data will lead (as consequences of not fulfilling the obligation to provide respective data) to the impossibility of (fully) using the application and/or certain functionalities of the application and/or to the impossibility to order and/or to buy and/or to pick-up and/or delivery of products and/or services, as the case may be, the Controller being entitled not to process the order.
Without affecting the generality of the foregoing and for the sake of clarity:
i)  In case the data regarding the location were the products has to be delivered are not provided, the products cannot be delivered;
ii) In case the email address is not provided, we cannot send you any information about confirmation or reject of the order or about the missed orders and/or other information regarding your order and the communications with you cannot be performed;
v) In case the name and surname are not provided, we will not have the minimum identification data to have a valid agreement with you and also your order will not be processed and we won’t be able to send you the information about confirmation or reject of the order or about the missed orders
vi) In case the IP addresses are not provided, no further investigations can be performed in order to determine what happened and whether or not you were a victim of a fraudulent ordering session (e.g.  fake orders, prank orders or purchase impersonation), therefore the order may not be safely accepted.
vii) In case the phone number is not provided the Controller may not contact you back in a timely manner for order-related clarifications or delivery address clarifications, as the case may be.
8. Right of access by the data subject
8.1.
The data subject has the right to obtain from the Controller confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
(a)
the purposes of the processing;
(b)
the categories of personal data concerned;
(c)
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
(d)
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
(e)
the existence of the right to request from the Controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing;
(f)
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
(g)
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
(h)
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in the Regulation and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
8.2.
Where personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation, the data subject has the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
8.3.
The Controller provides a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. For any further copies requested by the data subject, the Controller may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. Where the data subject makes the request by electronic means, and unless otherwise requested by the data subject, the information are provided in a commonly used electronic form.
8.4.
The right to obtain a copy referred to in paragraph 8.3 doesn’t adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
9. Right to rectification
The data subject has the right to obtain from the Controller without undue delay, the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject has the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
10.
Right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’)
10.1.
The data subject has the right to obtain from the Controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the Controller has the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies:
(a)
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
(b)
the data subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based, where the processing takes place on the basis of the data subject’s consent given for processing personal data for one or more specific purposes and where there is no other legal ground for the processing;
(c)
the data subject objects to the processing, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, in accordance with the Regulation, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing for direct marketing purpose and where there is no other legal ground for the processing;
(d)
the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
(e)
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject;
(f)
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services to a child, in accordance with the Regulation.
10.2.
Where the Controller has made the personal data public and is obliged pursuant to paragraph 10.1 to erase the personal data, the Controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, takes reasonable measures, including technical measures, to inform controllers and processors which are processing the personal data that the data subject has requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data.
10.3.
Paragraphs 10.1 and 10.2 do not apply to the extent that processing is necessary:
(a)
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
(b)
for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Controller;
(c)
for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with the Regulation;
(d)
for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with the Regulation, in so far as the right referred to in paragraph 10.1 is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing; or
(e)
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
11. Right to restriction of processing
11.1.
The data subject has the right to obtain from the Controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
(a)
the data subject contests the accuracy of the personal data for a period enabling the Controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
(b)
the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of their use instead;
(c)
the Controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
(d)
the data subject has objected to processing on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, in accordance with the Regulation, pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the Controller override those of the data subject.
11.2.
Where processing has been restricted under paragraph 11.1, such personal data shall, with the exception of storage, only be processed with the data subject's consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State.
11.3.
A data subject who has obtained restriction of processing pursuant to paragraph 11.1 is informed by the Controller before the restriction of processing is lifted.
12.
Notification obligation regarding rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing
The Controller communicates any rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing carried out in accordance with paragraph 9, paragraph 10.1. and paragraph 11 to each recipient to whom the personal data have been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. The Controller informs the data subject about those recipients if the data subject requests it.
13. Right to data portability
13.1.
The data subject has the right to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which he or she has provided to the Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and has the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the Controller to which the personal data have been provided, where:
(a)
the processing is based on consent or on a contract; and
(b)
the processing is carried out by automated means.
13.2.
In exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to paragraph 13.1, the data subject has the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible.
13.3.
The exercise of the right referred to in paragraph 13.1 of the present Article is without prejudice to Article 17. That right shall not apply to processing necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Controller.
13.4.
The right referred to in paragraph 13.1 does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
14. Right to object
14.1.
At any time, the data subject has the right to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to processing, for the purpose of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller or a third party, personal data concerning him or her, including profiling based on those provisions. The Controller does no longer process the personal data unless the Controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
14.2.
Where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, the data subject has the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such purpose, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
14.3.
Where the data subject objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data is longer processed for such purposes. In case the data subject chooses the processing of personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, separately and without any connection to another action, including by activating any accept button regarding the processing of personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, the latest personal data provided in any way will be processed for direct marketing purpose.
14.4.
At the latest at the time of the first communication with the data subject, the right referred to in paragraphs 14.1. and 14.2. is explicitly brought to the attention of the data subject and presented clearly and separately from any other information.
14.5.
In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, the data subject may exercise his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
14.6.
Where personal data are processed for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with the Regulation, the data subject, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, has the right to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
15. Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
15.1.
The data subject has the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her or similarly significantly affects him or her.
15.2.
Paragraph 15.1. does not apply if the decision:
(a)
is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller;
(b)
is authorised by Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or
(c)
is based on the data subject's explicit consent.
15.3.
In the cases referred to in points (a) and (c) of paragraph 15.2., the data controller shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the Controller, to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision.
16.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
16.1.
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, every data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of his or her habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if the data subject considers that the processing of personal data relating to him or her infringes the Regulation.
16.2.
The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 17.
17. Right to an effective judicial remedy against a supervisory authority
17.1.
Without prejudice to any other administrative or non-judicial remedy, each natural or legal person has the right to an effective judicial remedy against a legally binding decision of a supervisory authority concerning them.
17.2.
Without prejudice to any other administrative or non-judicial remedy, each data subject has the right to exercise an effective judicial remedy where the supervisory authority which is competent pursuant to the Regulation does not handle a complaint or does not inform the data subject within three months on the progress or outcome of the complaint lodged pursuant to Article 16.
17.3.
Proceedings against a supervisory authority are brought before the courts of the Member State where the supervisory authority is established.
17.4.
Where proceedings are brought against a decision of a supervisory authority which was preceded by an opinion or a decision of the Board in the consistency mechanism, the supervisory authority forwards that opinion or decision to the court.
18.
Right to an effective judicial remedy against a controller or processor
18.1.
Without prejudice to any available administrative or non-judicial remedy, including the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority pursuant to the Regulation, each data subject has the right to an effective judicial remedy where he or she considers that his or her rights under the Regulation have been infringed as a result of the processing of his or her personal data in non-compliance with the Regulation.
18.2.
Proceedings against a controller or a processor are brought before the courts of the Member State where the Controller or processor has an establishment. Alternatively, such proceedings may be brought before the courts of the Member State where the data subject has his or her habitual residence, unless the Controller or processor is a public authority of a Member State acting in the exercise of its public powers.
19. Representation of data subjects
19.1.
The data subject has the right to mandate a not-for-profit body, organisation or association which has been properly constituted in accordance with the law of a Member State, has statutory objectives which are in the public interest, and is active in the field of the protection of data subjects' rights and freedoms with regard to the protection of their personal data to lodge the complaint on his or her behalf, to exercise the rights referred to in Articles 16, 17 and 18 and to exercise the right to receive compensation referred to in the Regulation on his or her behalf where provided for by Member State law.
19.2.
Member States may provide that any body, organisation or association referred to in paragraph 19.1 of this Article, independently of a data subject's mandate, has the right to lodge, in that Member State, a complaint with the supervisory authority which is competent pursuant to Article 16 and to exercise the rights referred to in Articles 17 and 18 if it considers that the rights of a data subject under the Regulation have been infringed as a result of the processing.
20. Right to compensation and liability
20.1.
Any person who has suffered material or non-material damage as a result of an infringement of the Regulation has the right to receive compensation from the Controller or processor for the damage suffered.
20.2.
Any controller involved in processing is liable for the damage caused by processing which infringes this Regulation. The processor is liable for the damage caused by processing only where it has not complied with obligations of the Regulation specifically directed to processors or where it has acted outside or contrary to lawful instructions of the Controller.
20.3.
The controller or processor shall be exempt from liability under paragraph 20.2 if it proves that it is not in any way responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
20.4.
Where more than one controller or processor, or both a controller and a processor, are involved in the same processing and where they are, under paragraphs 20.2. and 20.3, responsible for any damage caused by processing, each controller or processor shall be held liable for the entire damage in order to ensure effective compensation of the data subject.
20.5.
Where a controller or processor has, in accordance with paragraph 20.4., paid full compensation for the damage suffered, that controller or processor shall be entitled to claim back from the other controllers or processors involved in the same processing that part of the compensation corresponding to their part of responsibility for the damage, in accordance with the conditions set out in paragraph 18.2.
20.6.
Court proceedings for exercising the right to receive compensation is brought before the courts competent under the law of the Member State referred to in 18.2.
21.  Withdrawal of the consent
Where the processing is based on: i) the consent of the data subject given for processing his/her personal data for one or more specific purposes; or ii) the consent of the data subject given for processing certain special personal data for one or more specified purposes, except where Union or Member State law provide that the prohibition to process special personal data may not be lifted by the data subject,
the data subject has the right to withdraw the consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on the consent before its withdrawal.
For the sake of clarity the withdrawal of the consent shall not affect the processing of the personal data based on other legal basis.
22.Cookie Policy
[Controller’s webs application may use “cookies.”
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit and use the web application. Cookies are then sent back to the originating URL on each subsequent visit, or to another URL that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at:  www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu . For a video about cookies visit www.google.co.uk/ goodtoknow/data-on-the-web/cookies.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.
They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
You may set and/or adjust your (browser) settings and preferences regarding cookies at any time, and you may disable cookies. Disabling them may prevent you from using certain parts/functionalities of the Controller’s web application.
We may collect anonymous information, including for statistical or research purposes.
We use the following categories on our web based application:
Category 1 — Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around Controller's web application and use its features, such as accessing secure areas. Without these cookies services like shopping baskets or e-billing cannot be provided.
Category 2 — Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use the Controller’s web application — for instance, which pages you go to most, and if they get error messages from web pages and/or the web application. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Controller’s website(s) and/or the application works.
As 3rd party cookies in this category we use Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. The reports provided by Google Analytics help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Google Analytics:
For more information about Google Analytics cookies, please see Google's help pages and privacy policy:
Google's Privacy Policy
Google Analytics Help pages
Google has developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on; if you want to opt out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the add-on for your web browser here.
Third Party Analytics. We have engaged Inspectlet to analyse the activities of visitors to this website, and Inspectlet’s authorized use of cookies and other tracking technologies enable it to have access to Personal Information of visitors to this website. Such access to and use of Personal Information by Inspectlet is governed by
Inspectlet's Privacy Policy
.
Category 3 — Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the Controller’s web application to remember choices you make while browsing and/or using the application (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, language and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
The information these cookies collect will not personally identify you, and they cannot track your browsing activity on non- Controller’s websites.
For reliable review of your order status, on-screen on the application, in real-time, and also for easy reordering, your data may be saved on your device, serving a cookie locally.
Category 4 - Targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies will usually be third-party cookies, although if a user is visiting the advertising network’s own website it is technically possible these could be first party. They will always be persistent but time-limited cookies. These cookies can be associated with services provided by the third party but this is not always the case. These cookies contain a unique key that is able to distinguish individual users’ browsing habits or that can be translated into a set of browsing habits or preferences using information stored elsewhere. Generally speaking, the privacy statement should indicate if the cookie is being used as part of an advertising network. Cookies may also be used to limit the number times a user sees a particular ad on a website and to measure the effectiveness of a particular campaign.
Examples include:
• Cookies placed by advertising networks to collect browsing habits in order to target relevant adverts to the user. The site the user is visiting need not actually be serving adverts, but often this will also be the case.
• Cookies placed by advertising networks in conjunction with a service implemented by the website to increase functionality, such as commenting on a blog, adding a site to the user’s social network, providing maps or counters of visitors to a site.
By default, the web ordering application and its originating website URL is not serving category 4 cookies. However, it may be possible to order online from other websites that frame-in or facilitate access to the online menu and web application. Therefore, please always check the cookie policy of the visited website from which you initiated an online ordering session in order to find out if any category 4 cookies are served and which is the way to opt-out or opt-in for them, as the legal case may be.
23.
Processing of your personal data by the Provider as the processor of the suppliers of products and/or services
The Provider may also process your personal data as the processor of the supplier of products and/or services, including without limitation for the following purposes, according to those agreed with the suppliers of products and/or services : i) data storage for the suppliers of products and/or services; ii) sending notifications to you regarding the information about confirmation or reject of the order or about the missed orders and about the delivery of your order; iii) sending to you direct marketing communications; iii) collection of the IP addresses in order to be used in case of any litigation and/or fraud regarding the payments; iv) sending your data to different recipients and in different (third) countries,  recipients that are processing  the personal data  for compatible, related and correlated purposes with the purpose of executing the contract you have with the suppliers of products and/or services, namely: delivery, printing, pos billing, loyalty, online payment processing, etc.
24. Miscellaneous
24.1.
You have all the rights mentioned in the present Privacy Policy as well as any other rights mentioned by the mandatory legal regulations in force regarding personal data processing.
24.2.
Your rights mentioned in the present Privacy Policy can be exercised according with the Regulation and any other applicable legal regulations in force.
24.3.
Any requests and/or demands sent by you towards the Controller for exercising any of your rights may be made in writing, by registered letter that will be sent to the headquarter of the Controller and/or online via the contact for or contact email of the Controller as found on the website
www.globalfoodsoft.com
or at the email of the DPO, if such DPO exists, and/or by any other  ways of communications mentioned in the legal regulations in force.
24.4.
The data subject may request, according to the above mentioned ones, and obtain, free of charge, in particular, access to and rectification or erasure of personal data, restriction of the processing of personal data, data portability, and the exercise of the right to object and also the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her or similarly significantly affects him or her but also in relation with the security breach of the personal data.
24.5.
The terms used in the present Privacy Policy will have the meaning defined in the Regulations, unless the context otherwise requires or it is otherwise provided herein.
24.6.
Except otherwise required by the mandatory legal regulations in  force, the Controller reserves the right to update and change the Privacy Policy from time to time without specific notice.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.inspectlet.com/terms-of-service#privacy:
inspectlet
Take the Tour
Plans and Pricing
Sign up Free
Sign in
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
These Terms of Service ("Agreement") are between you, together with any entity you are representing (collectively, "You"), and Inspectlet ("Inspectlet," “We,” “Us,” or “Our”).  By registering with Inspectlet, using Our website at inspectlet.com or any mobile version of Our website (together, "Site"), or using any services provided through Our Site (“Services”), (1) You agree to be bound by this Agreement, including the additional terms referenced in Section 1 below (“Additional Terms”) and (2) You represent that You are eighteen (18) years of age or older and, if You are representing an entity, You have all required authority and power to bind the entity to this Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY OF THE ADDITIONAL TERMS THAT APPLY TO YOU, OR IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, YOU RE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS OR USE OUR SITE OR SERVICES.
1. Additional Terms
(a)	Please review the Inspectlet Privacy Policy("Privacy Policy"). The provisions of the Privacy Policy apply to You and are incorporated into, and considered a part of, this Agreement.
(b)	Please review Our other policies referenced in this Agreement and hyperlinked herein below.  The provisions of such policies may apply to You and are incorporated into, and considered a part of, this Agreement.
2. Inspectlet Site; Site Content.
The Inspectlet Site is a copyrighted work belonging to Inspectlet. We or Our suppliers exclusively own the information and content made available on or through the Site (other than information or content You provide) and the information and content in any communications Inspectlet sends You (collectively, "Site Content"). You may use the Site and Site Content only in accordance with this Agreement.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Your compliance with this Agreement), Inspectlet grants You a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, revocable license to view and use the Inspectlet Site Content (other than Software (defined in Section 4 below) which is licensed only under the terms of Section 4 below) for Your personal or internal business purposes.  You may not use the Inspectlet Site Content except as expressly authorized under this Agreement.  You agree that any copy of the Inspectlet Site Content that You make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices in the same form and manner as on the original.  Except as expressly authorized under this Agreement or to the extent otherwise permitted under applicable law, You may not use, download, upload, print, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, post, transmit, modify, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, adapt, distribute, transfer, or exploit any Inspectlet Site Content in whole or in part without Our prior written authorization.
3. Your Account
To access or use Our Services, You will be required to register and obtain an account on the Site. You will receive (or choose) a password upon completing the registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your password, and all activities that occur under Your account. You agree to (1) immediately notify Us of any unauthorized use of Your account or any other breach of security and (2) ensure that You fully exit from Your account at the end of each session. We will not be liable (to You or any third party) for any loss or damage arising from or related to the unauthorized use of Your account (unless such use is directly caused by Our gross negligence).
4. Service Subscriptions
Inspectlet offers several subscription plans with a range of Services for purchase, as further described in our
Plans and Pricing Policy
(each, a “Service Subscription”). If You have purchased a Service Subscription, upon activation of Your account We will provide the Services under the Service Subscription that You elected.  Subject to Your compliance with these Terms of Service and the other terms referenced herein, Inspectlet grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to remotely access and use, solely for Your internal business purposes, the Inspectlet software (in executable code only) (“Software”) through the Inspectlet Site as permitted for the Service Subscription purchased by You.
5. Fees and Payment
You shall pay the fees set forth for the Service Subscription purchased by You in accordance with the
Plans and Pricing Policy
. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in U.S. Dollars.  Inspectlet may change its
Plans and Pricing Policy
and the fees for its Services from time to time in accordance with Section 15 below.  Inspectlet will bill You and You agree to pay for (i) the non-refundable monthly or annual fee, as applicable, in advance for the monthly or annual Service Subscription purchased by You, and (ii) the transaction fees and all other fees designated in the
Plans and Pricing Policy
and/or pursuant to work orders entered into by You and Inspectlet, in each case in accordance with the payment terms specified in the
Plans and Pricing Policy
or such work order, as the case may be. Unless a different payment method is agreed in writing between You and Inspectlet, Inspectlet will debit all fees payable by You to Inspectlet directly from the credit card account designated by You in Your account information with Us to receive the Services under the Service Subscription purchased by You and to use the Software in accordance with Section 4 above. The terms applicable to the payment method shall be between You and Your credit card company. If we suspend a portion of Your Services due to a violation by You of this Agreement or any Additional Terms, or any applicable laws or regulations, You will remain responsible for the payment of all applicable fees.  All fees hereunder exclude all applicable sales, use, and other taxes and government charges, whether federal, state or foreign, and You will be responsible for payment of all such taxes (other than taxes based on Inspectlet’s income), fees, duties, and charges, and any related penalties and interest, arising from the payment thereof hereunder or from Your access to or receipt of the Services or Software license hereunder. Notwithstanding early termination of any given Service Subscription, You agree that You shall be responsible for paying the fees for the entire duration of the Service Subscription You ordered. Any and all amounts paid by you towards a Service Subscription are non-refundable notwithstanding early termination of such Service Subscription.
6. Your Content
We agree that You retain ownership of all information and content You provide on Your website (“Your Content”) in connection with your use of the Services.  During the period that Inspectlet provides Services to You, You hereby grant to Inspectlet, its affiliates and service providers a non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicenseable, royalty-free, worldwide license, under all of Your applicable intellectual property rights, to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that Your Content works better with Our Services), distribute such Content for purposes of providing the Services to You, or improving and promoting our Services and developing new ones. This license shall terminate if You stop using the Services.
7. Disclosure.
As soon as you begin to use Our Service, You agree to add a disclosure to either Your terms of use, user agreement and/or privacy policy to inform Your end-users and customers of Inspectlet’s access to their Personal Information through Your website, and adding a link to Our Privacy Policy which governs Our use of all such Personal Information accessed by Inspectlet through Your website or through Your use of Our Services.  Such disclosure shall contain not less than the following information including the link to our Privacy Policy:
"
Third Party Analytics
. We have engaged Inspectlet to analyse the activities of visitors to this website, and Inspectlet’s authorized use of cookies and other tracking technologies enable it to have access to Personal Information of visitors to this website.  Such access to and use of Personal Information by Inspectlet is governed by
Inspectlet's Privacy Policy
."
8. Representations and Warranties.
You represent and warrant with respect to Your Content that: (i) You have all the rights necessary to grant the licenses granted herein to Inspectlet in and to Your Content; (ii) Your Content will not infringe or misappropriate any third party's intellectual property or proprietary rights; (iii) violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (iv) be defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or harassing, or advocating, promoting or providing assistance involving violence, significant risk of death or injury, or other unlawful activities; (v) be obscene or contain child pornography; or (vi)  You will use commercially reasonable endeavors to ensure Content does not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.  In addition, You represent and warrant that Your use of the Services to collect or attempt to collect personally identifiable information of any person does not violate or breach any implicit or explicit agreement between You and such person or any implicit or explicit representation or warranty made by You to such person. You further represent and warrant that You will not use the Services to collect Personal Information from anyone You know or have reason to believe is under the age of 13. You shall not sublease Your account or other access to Your account to third parties; or engage in activities that may create liability for Inspectlet, or its affiliates or service providers, or expose them to undue risk.  Your failure to comply with the covenants set forth in this section will amount to a breach of this Agreement and is cause for immediate suspension and/or termination by Inspectlet of the Services with or without notice to You.
9. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Inspectlet, its affiliates, suppliers, and service providers, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees (“Indemnified Parties”), harmless from any and all losses, costs, liabilities, damages or expenses (including attorneys' and expert witnesses' fees) incurred by any party in connection with or arising from: (a) any breach of the representations or warranties in Section 8 of this Agreement, (b) Your Content, (c) Your use of the Services, or (d)  claims made by any party based on Your breach of this Agreement or the Additional Terms.
10. Feedback
You are invited to send Us any feedback or suggestions regarding the Site, Site Content, or Services (collectively,
"Feedback"
), provided that Inspectlet alone will own all right, title and interest, including all related intellectual property rights, in and to all Feedback and you hereby assign such Feedback to Inspectlet free of charge.  In the event such assignment is deemed to be legally unenforceable, You hereby grant Inspectlet a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, exclusive, freely-transferable, fully paid, and royalty free license for Inspectlet to reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute and otherwise use and exploit in any manner and for any purpose any and all Feedback.  If You do not want Inspectlet to own or use Feedback, do not provide Feedback to Inspectlet.
11. Third Party Links.
The Site may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Such third party websites are not under the control of Inspectlet and Inspectlet is not responsible for the content of any third party website or any link contained in a third party website. Inspectlet provides these links only as a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to third party websites. If You decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Site, You do this entirely at Your own risk. Third party websites are subject to their own terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices.  INSPECTLET MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE LINKED TO THE SITE INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF THE ACCURACY, OWNERSHIP, VALIDITY, OR LEGALITY OR ANY CONTENT OF A LINKED THIRD PARTY SITE.
12. Warranty Disclaimer.
INSPECTLET IS PROVIDING THE SITE, SITE CONTENT AND SERVICES ON AN “AS IS” BASIS FOR USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. INSPECTLET DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, AND QUIET ENJOYMENT. INSPECTLET DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY SITE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, CURRENT, OR ERROR FREE.  INSPECTLET DOES NOT WARRANT THAT USE OF THE SITE, SITE CONTENT, OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to You.
13. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL INSPECTLET BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, SITE CONTENT, OR SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST USE, LOST DATA, OR LOST PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT INSPECTLET HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL INSPECTLET’ TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY ADDITIONAL TERMS), THE SITE, SITE CONTENT, OR SERVICES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED FIFTY DOLLARS ($50), OR IF YOU HAVE PURCHASED SERVICES FROM INSPECTLET, THE SUBSCRIPTION FEE PAID BY YOU FOR SUCH SERVICES LIMITED TO THE THREE (3) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE THE FIRST CLAIM GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY AROSE. THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ALTER THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to You.
14. Suspension and Termination
(a)
Suspension
.  At the discretion of Inspectlet and for any reason set forth in this Section 14 Inspectlet may suspend Your account by deactivating any access by You (and if You are a Vendor, by Your customers) to any information or data contained on the Services or related to Your account while maintaining such information and data on servers operated by or on behalf of Us. In the event of any such suspension, You will be notified and given an opportunity to correct any breach of this Agreement or any Additional Terms. If such breach is not corrected within ten (10) days of the receipt of such notice Your account (and if You are a Vendor, Your customers’ access to the Services provided in connection with Your account) may be terminated under Section 14(b) of this Agreement. Fees under this Agreement will continue to accrue on suspended accounts as if they were not suspended. You will remain responsible for the payment of any such fees during any such period of suspension.
(b)
Termination
.  This Agreement and the Additional Terms shall remain in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated either by Inspectlet (i) immediately as provided in this Agreement, (ii) after a period of suspension as set forth in Section 14(a) of this Agreement, or (iii) upon thirty (30) days written notice for any reason. You may terminate this Agreement within twenty-four hours’ following Your written notice to hello@inspectlet.com marked as follows: “Attention: Termination of Account”.
(c)
Rights upon Termination
.  In the event of termination for any reason, the licenses granted to You under this Agreement shall automatically and immediately cease and You shall destroy all copies of the Software in Your possession, if any. Upon termination, there will be no refund provided to You except as otherwise set forth (if at all) in the
Plans and Pricing Policy
and all outstanding fees owed by You shall become immediately due and payable. Termination shall not affect the rights of Inspectlet to recover from You losses, damages, indemnity, defense costs, expert costs, collection costs and/or attorneys’ fees or expert witnesses' cost or other costs of any kind under this Agreement. The following Sections will survive any termination of Your account or this Agreement: Sections 1, 5 (with respect to any fees payable as of the date of termination), 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14(c), 15, 18 and 19.
15. Changes to Terms.
This Agreement, including any Additional Terms, are subject to occasional revision, and if We make any substantial changes, We will notify You by sending You an e-mail to the last e-mail address You provided (if Inspectlet has such e-mail address in its records) or by posting notice of the changes on the Site. Any changes to this Agreement, including any Additional Terms, will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following Inspectlet’s dispatch of an e-mail notice to You or thirty (30) calendar days following Inspectlet’s posting of notice of the changes on the Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of the Site, Site Content, or Services. Continued use of the Site, Site Content, or Services following notice of such changes shall indicate Your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.  If You object to any change, Your sole recourse shall be to immediately terminate Your account and cease using the Site, Site Content, and Services.  You should periodically visit this page and the pages at the URL referenced in Section 1 above relating to the Additional Terms to examine the then current Agreement and Additional Terms.
16. Modificiation.
Inspectlet reserves the right, at any time, to modify the Site, Site Content, or any part thereof or Services, or to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Site, Site Content, or Services, or any part thereof with or without notice. You agree that Inspectlet will not be liable to You or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site, Site Content, or Services, or any part thereof.
17. Force Majeure.
Except for the payment of any fees due and payable under this Agreement, neither party's delay in the performance of any duties or obligations under this Agreement will be considered a breach of this Agreement if such delay is caused by any labor dispute, shortage of materials, fire, earthquake, flood, telecommunications failure, failure of Inspectlet’s cloud service provider, or any other cause beyond a party’s reasonable control.
18. General Provisions.
You and Inspectlet are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.  You shall not assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder. Any assignment, transfer or delegation in contravention of the foregoing provision shall be null and void. You agree that this Agreement may be assigned by Inspectlet, in Inspectlet’ sole discretion.  If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. This Agreement and any action related thereto will be governed, controlled, interpreted, and defined by and under the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles that require the application of the law of a different state or jurisdiction. By using the Site, Site Content or Services, You hereby expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts for Santa Clara County, California for any lawsuit filed there against You by Inspectlet arising from or related to this Agreement. This Agreement (which includes the Additional Terms) constitutes the entire agreement between You and Inspectlet regarding the use of the Site, Site Content, and Services.
19. Questions.
If You have any questions about this Agreement or any Additional Terms, please contact Us by e-mail at hello@inspectlet.com, marking the message "Attention: Terms."
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) describes Inspectlet, Inc.’s (“Inspectlet,” “We,” “Us,” or “Our”) privacy practices with regard to information, including Personal Information (as defined below), that We collect and receive from: (a) visitors to Inspectlet’s website located at inspectlet.com (the “Site”) and (b) users of Our services (“Services”), software (“Software”), and other content (excluding content provided by users) made available by Inspectlet through the Site.  “Personal Information” means information that allows someone to identify or contact You, as well as any other non-public information about You that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing, and can include, for example, an individual’s first and last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other account number. “Anonymous Information” means data that is not associated with or linked to Your Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons.
If You reside outside the United States, You understand that Your Personal Information may be processed in countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing personal information may be less stringent than in Your country.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and considered a part of, the Inspectlet, Inc.
Terms of Service
. If any provision in this Privacy Policy is inconsistent or conflicts with any provision in the
Terms of Service
, this Privacy Policy will control with respect to the subject matter hereof. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given to them in the Terms of Service.
1. Consent.
By submitting or uploading Personal Information through Our Site or the Services, You agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and You expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of Your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. Information Collection and Use.
Inspectlet collects Personal Information and Anonymous Information, as described below. We use information that We collect to create Your account, fulfill Your requests, improve Our Site and Services, contact You, conduct research, create reports for internal use, and in the manners described below.
(a) Collection by Inspectlet.
Some specific types of information, which may include Personal Information, that Inspectlet may collect and use (directly or through third party service providers) includes the following:
(i)	Registration Information.
When You register for the Services, We will ask You to create a user ID and may ask for information such as Your name, email address, phone number, company name, company website URL, company phone number, and company address. We may use the Personal Information You submit during the registration process to send You Services-related communications. We may also use such Personal Information to send You electronic newsletters or promotional e-mails, unless You have requested not to receive such promotional communications from Us as described below.
(ii)	Location Information.
We may collect and store information about Your location if You enable Your computer or mobile device to send us location information. You may be able to change the settings on Your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information.
(iii)	Payment Information.
When You pay for any Services, We collect Your name, billing address, and complete credit card information that enables Us to receive Your payment. Our payment processing service provider may also retain this information to enable You to continue purchasing the Service Subscription and any upgrades or additional Services without having to re-enter it each time.
(iv)	Feedback; Communications.
If You provide Us Feedback or contact Us via e-mail or participate in Our polling activities, We will collect Your name and e-mail address, any information requested in our Feedback or polling forms, as well as any other content included in the e-mail or Feedback and polling forms you send to us. Any Feedback You provide will be governed by the
Terms of Service
. We may use Personal Information submitted in Your communications to contact and respond to You and otherwise in the same manner as described above for registration information.
(v)	Log File Information.
When You register with or view Our Site, Our servers collect information such as Your web request, IP address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other browsing information. This information is used to improve the Site and Services.
(vi)	Cookies.
We use “cookies” to keep and track Your information. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for You to log in faster and navigate within the Site and Services. A session ID cookie expires when You close Your browser. A persistent cookie remains on Your hard drive for an extended period of time. We set a persistent cookie to store Your password if You choose “auto login”, so You don’t have to enter it more than once. We also store Your display resolution and whether JavaScript is enabled in Your browser to enhance Your user experience. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in Your Internet browser’s help file.
(vii)	Clear Gifs.
When You register with or view Our Site, We may employ clear gifs, also known as web beacons, which are used to track Your online usage patterns. No Personal Information from Your Inspectlet account is collected using clear gifs. In addition, We may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to You to track which emails are opened by You.
(viii)	Other.
If additional Services and/or communications are offered in the future through Our Site and You opt-in to use such additional Services and/or communications, we will collect Your name and e-mail address and any other information we specify in the user interface where you opt-in.  We may use such Personal Information to send you the corresponding additional Services and/or communications, as well as for any other purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.
(b)	Collection by Third Party Tools.
The Service may also contain third party tracking tools from Our service providers. Such third parties may use cookies and application programming interfaces in Our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on Our behalf.
3.	Information Sharing and Disclosure.
Inspectlet does not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about You with other persons or entities, except with Your permission, as described above, or under the following circumstances:
(a)	Customers.
We may provide to our customers who are using the Services the names, e-mail addresses, and usage data of visitors to the customer’s website(s) from which such Personal Information was obtained.  The customers may use such Personal Information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy and their own privacy policy or terms of use governing the website from which the data was obtained
(b)	Service Providers.
We may provide Your information to third party service providers who work on behalf of Inspectlet and need the information to perform services for Us. These third party service providers are required not to use Your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by Inspectlet.
(c)	Payment Processors.
We may provide Your credit card and related billing and payment information to third party service providers engaged on Inspectlet’ behalf, including payment processors and/or credit agencies, for the purposes of checking credit, effecting payment, and servicing Your account.
(d)	Other Disclosures.
Regardless of any choices You make regarding Your Personal Information (as described below), Inspectlet may disclose Your Personal Information (a) to respond to subpoenas, warrants, court orders, lawful requests or legal process, (b) to establish or exercise Our legal rights or defend against legal claims or protect other users, (c) in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or as otherwise required by law, or (d) to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding any violation of this Privacy Policy or our
Terms of Service
.
(e)	Affiliates.
Although We currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), We may in the future. We may share some or all of Your Personal Information with Our Affiliates in which case We will require Our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
(f)	Acquirer.
If Inspectlet is acquired by or merged with a third party, that third party will possess the Personal Information collected by Us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding Your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.  In the unlikely event that Inspectlet is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, Personal Information collected by Us would be among the assets that may be transferred to a third party in such proceedings.
(g)	Anonymous Information.
We may create Anonymous Information records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as Your name) that make the data personally identifiable to You. We reserve the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information at Our discretion.
4. Choices
(a)	Opting Out.
We may periodically send You free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of Our Site and Services. When You receive newsletters or promotional communications from Us, You may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from Us and You will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail You receive or by contacting Us at info@inspectlet.com.
(b)	Services-Related Communications.
While You may “opt-out” of certain Services-related communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail You receive or by contacting Us at info@inspectlet.com. You may not, despite Your indicated e-mail preferences, “opt-out” of other Services-related communications regarding Your account or the Service Subscription purchased by You, including receiving notices of any updates to Our
Terms of Service
or this Privacy Policy, except by terminating Your account.
(c)	Changes and Deletion of Your Data.
You may change some but not all of Your Personal Information in Your account by editing Your profile within Your account. You may contact Inspectlet at any time at hello@inspectlet.com  if You would like Inspectlet to delete Your account and any associated data (other than Anonymous Data). Please note that We may be required to keep certain of Your information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case We will comply with Your deletion request only after We have fulfilled such requirements). When We delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in Our archives.
5. Security
We make reasonable efforts to protect Your Personal information, but no company, including Inspectlet, can fully eliminate security risks connected to handling information on the Internet. For example, Your Personal Information may be affected by actions outside of Our control, such as computer “hacking” and physical theft. You acknowledge that You provide Your Personal Information at Your own risk.
6. Regarding Children.
We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about users who are under the age of 13.
7. Third Party Websites, Products, Services, Content, and Links.
Please be aware that the terms of Our Privacy Policy do not apply to third party websites, products, services, or content or to links provided for the foregoing on Our Site or through the Services. Third party providers of such third party websites, products, services, or content, may collect (via tracking technologies like cookies or web beacons) and use anonymous information regarding Your interaction with the third party website, product, service, or content that they deliver and with which You interact.
8. Changes to Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may be amended by Inspectlet from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following Inspectlet’ dispatch of an e-mail notice to You or thirty (30) calendar days following Inspectlet’ posting of notice of the changes on the Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of the Site, Site Content, or Services. Continued use of the Site, Site Content, or Services following notice of such changes shall indicate Your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.  If You object to any change, Your sole recourse shall be to immediately terminate Your account and cease using the Site, Site Content and Services.  You should periodically visit this page to examine the then current Privacy Policy.
9. Questions.
If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by e-mail at hello@inspectlet.com marking the message "Attention: Privacy Policy."
Last Updated: Jan 28, 2020