Privacy Policy
Introduction
Decagon Private Limited (the
"Company,"
"we,"
"our"
or
"us"
) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. We will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent.
This policy describes:
The types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you:
Visit, access or use our online application that run on smart phones, tablets and other devices, which provide dedicated non-browser- based interaction between you and our application (
"apps"
);
Communicate with us electronically and through other means;
View or click on our ads or other online content; and
Interact with us through social media websites and other websites and apps.
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to refrain from using our app. By accessing or using our app, you agree to this privacy policy.<br />
                                Since we may change this privacy policy, we recommend that you check the current version available from time to time.
a. Legal age
No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to or on our app without legal parental or guardian consent. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under 18 if such information is provided without legal parental or guardian consent. If you are under 18, do not provide any information on our app without legal parental or guardian consent. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a person under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a person under 18 for which there is no legal parental or guardian consent, please contact us at admin@golootlo.pk
Information we collect
Depending on which of our services you use and how you interact with our app, we collect different kinds of information from or about you, including the below information.
Account information
:
Contact information
that allows us to communicate with you. We obtain this information when you order or register for our products or services or our apps. This may include information such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and other identifiers by which you may be contacted online or offline.
Payment information
related to your financial relationship with us, such as the services and products we provide to you, your purchase history, your payment information, such as credit and debit card information we do not store credit and debit card information on our system.
Profile information
such as your date of birth, gender, profession, income, hobbies, Facebook profile picture if you sign-in via Facebook and authorise us to use your Facebook profile picture marital status number of children and nationality.
Shared information
such as photos shared with other user of our app.
Product/Service usage information
related to the products and services we provide to you, including:
Information about your redemption of our offers; and
How you use your devices to access our websites and apps, including the screens you visit and searches you make.
Third party partner information &
related to how you use our third party partners, such as your reviews of our merchant partners.
Your communications with us
by social media, e-mail, electronic messages and other electronic and non-electronic communications.
Your Networks and Connections
made available to us, depending on the permissions you have granted, from your mobile and desktop devices address book contacts, Facebook friends list, and other social media such as Instagram, Pinterest and Twitter.
Device and Settings Information
from or about the computers, phones or other devices where you install or access our products or services, depending on the permissions you have granted us. We collect your device attributes such as:
The make and model (mobile phones only);
The operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, and device identifiers;
Device locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth or WiFi signals; and
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.
How we use the information we collect
We use the information that you provide to us or that we collect about you to:
Present our app and its contents to you,
and provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
Carry out our obligations
and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
Provide, improve and develop our products and services
to help you get the most value out of the products you purchase, including maximizing the savings you achieve from using the products.
Communicate with you
about our products and services and respond to
                                you when you contact us.
Display and measure our advertisements and services
so we can show you relevant advertisements and measure the effectiveness of our advertisements and reach of our products and services.
Promote security
by using the information collected to verify accounts and activity to promote security on our app.
The usage information we collect helps us to improve our app and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns in order to better manage the demands on our network infrastructure.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our app according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you use our app.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
How we collect the information
You provide information to us when you:
Fill-in forms on our app, including forms to register to use our app, make purchases, request further services or post material on our app.
Correspond with us (including e-mail addresses and phone numbers), if you contact us.
Respond to surveys we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Perform search queries on our websites or apps.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter,
"posted"
) on public areas, or transmitted to other users of our app or third parties (collectively,
"User Contributions"
). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of our app with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
In addition, you agree that the security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
SECURITY PROCEDURE
You must keep your security details secret and take all reasonable precautions to prevent unauthorised or fraudulent use of them.
You must not disclose your security details to any other person or record your security details in any way that may result in them becoming known to another person.
If you suspect that anyone knows your security details you must contact us immediately. If you fail to do so, you will be liable for any unauthorised transactions on your account confirmed by use of your security details.
You will be responsible for all instructions given by you or anyone acting under your name between the time you pass the security procedure until you exit from the App. Please note that this includes any input errors or instructions sent by someone other than yourself so please do not leave your mobile phone or handheld unattended while you are still logged onto the App.
You are responsible for making sure information either shown or stored on your mobile phone or other handheld is kept secure.
You must advise us of any change to your mobile phone number or email address.
We may automatically collect information
through automatic data collection and tracking technologies when you use our products or services, or interact with our app, or certain of our
partners'
apps. The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:
Cookies:
We automatically capture some information through the use of cookies. A cookie is a small file that is placed onto your mobile device when you visit our websites in order to enable certain features and functionality of our apps.
Web beacons:
Pages of our apps and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and collect other related app statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain app content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Log files:
We may use log files to capture your activities on our apps as they interact with our websites. Information captured in such log files may include the types of content you view or engage with and the frequency or duration of your activities.
We obtain information from outside sources
like our business partners, and marketing mailing lists.
Third-party information collection
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our app are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. When you use our app or their content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our app. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different apps and other online services websites. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioural) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third
parties'
tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How we share the information we collect
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the
Company's
assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our app users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfil the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To other users of our app, limited to the following information:
Your first name.
Your total savings from purchasing our products to date in the current year.
Your rank in the savings leaderboard of your product location.
Your Facebook profile picture, if you signed in via Facebook and authorised your profile picture to be used in this way (only your Facebook friends and your invited mobile device address book contacts will be allowed access).
Your profile description
Your savings level, badges and total lifetime savings achieved from purchasing our products (only your Facebook friends and your invited mobile device address book contacts will be allowed access).
How long you have been a customer and the products you have purchased.
The identity of any of your Facebook friends who is a user of our apps and also a Facebook friend of the viewer of your profile
Photos you have submitted.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your choices about our collection, use and disclosure of your information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking technologies and advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our apps may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Location information.
You can choose whether or not to allow our apps to collect and use real-time information about your
device's
location through the
device's
privacy settings. If you block the use of location information, some parts of our apps may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third
parties'
collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
AVAILABILITY OF APP
While we will make reasonable efforts to provide the app and the services, we will not be liable for any failure to provide the app. This includes, in particular, any suspension of the app resulting from maintenance and upgrades to our systems or the systems of any party used to provide the app, outages on any phone network or in the case of mobile networks where you are not in an area of mobile coverage.
The App is provided “as is” with no representation, guarantee or warranty of any kind as to its functionality.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to our privacy policy, we will post the updated privacy policy on this page.
You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address and/or phone number for you and for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
info@golootlo.pk