Privacy Policy
Kairoos Solutions S.L. built the Notes Writer app as a Commercial app. This app is provided by Kairoos Solutions S.L. and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Notes Writer unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
This app doesn’t collect information used to identify you.
The app does not use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include only technical information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilising our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This app does not use these “cookies”.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties does not have access to your Personal Information.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
The app may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
The app do not address anyone under the age of 4. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 4.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us: contact @ noteswriter.com