ABOUT
TEAM
WORK
CONTACT
|
BLOG
In Simple words
We do not collect any data, that allows to identify user. Whenever you create a Pass, the data is send to our servers, processed, send back to you and immediately deleted.
Privacy Policy
GirAppe Studio built the Pass4Wallet app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by GirAppe Studio at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at SkillCloud unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to none. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does not use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us:
webpage:
https://girappe.com
mail:
office@girappe.com
CONTACT
SEND US A MESSAGE
If you have any questions or need more information feel free to send us a message.
office@girappe.com
© 2016 GIRAPPE.COM ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Blackhole
Status:
Ready
Version:
1.0.3
Description:
Blackhole
is delightful iOS to watchOS communication framework, based on WatchConnectivity framework’s WCSession.
Utilizes Wormhole concept, that simplifies data sync between iOS and watch devices. Also, provides set of handful protocols, allowing to create easily synchronized custom model classes.
Some of the features:
start listeners, waiting for given communication message identifiers
send simple messages
send every object, that can be represented as Data
request any object from counterpart app, be sending a message and specifying success handler
all public api wrapped in convenient promises implementation (BrightFutures)
Must to have for watchOS development. Available on github:
https://github.com/GirAppe/Blackhole
Raccoon Project
Status:
In progress
Release date:
mid 2019
Description:
What is better than playing a raccoon character? Well, playing a raccoon in a balloon! A beautiful logic arcade game, with tons of toon humor.
SkillCloud
Status:
Available on Appstore
URL:
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/skillcloud/id1125706679
Description:
A simple app to manage your technical skills - save a list of your skills with icons and levels and use them to generate a "creative CV" graph image.
SwiftyMocky
Status:
Available on github
URL:
https://github.com/MakeAWishFoundation/SwiftyMocky/tree/develop
Description:
SwiftyMocky is Lightweight, strongly typed framework for Mockito-like unit testing experience. As Swift doesn't support reflections well enough to allow building mocks in runtime, library depends on Sourcery, that scans your source code and generates Swift code for you.
Outsource applications
We, at GirAppe studio, are taking part in many projects. Here are several projects, the studio has taken part in:
Funbrush
- UI "storyboard" engine
CosmeticScan
- application prototype
GolfKeeper
(in progress) - iOS and watchOS development
Bajki Polskie
- SpriteKit development
Pickle
Status:
In progress
Release date:
iceboxed
Description:
Do you ever dreamed of having a Weasley's clock in your pocket? Now it is possible – with a Home App called Pickle, you'll easily manage you budget, contents of the fridge, and most important things regarding your family’s whereabouts. Integrates with iBeacons.