PRIVACY NOTICE
Last Updated: 【13/12/2024】
This Privacy Notice is issued by Anker Innovations Technology Co., Ltd and
      its affiliates (together, “
Anker
”, “
we
”,
      “
us
” and “
our
”) and is addressed to
      individuals outside our organization with whom we interact, including
      customers, visitors to our Sites, users of our Applications, and
      recipients of any of our other products or services, personnel of
      corporate customers and vendors (together, “
you
”).
      Defined terms used in this Privacy Notice are explained in Section
      (16) below.
This Privacy Notice applies to all of Anker’s brands, including Anker,
      AnkerMake, AnkerWork, Eufy, Nebula and soundcore, as well as any specific
      device, website, or application that references or links to this Privacy
      Notice.
We may update this Privacy Notice to reflect changes to our information
      practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email
      (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a
      notice on Anker's Application or Site you used prior to the change
      becoming effective. All changes shall be effective from the date of
      publication unless otherwise provided. We encourage you to periodically
      review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
You may also have certain rights regarding the information we collect
      about you. Specifically, the rights of Data Subjects under the GDPR are
      explained in Section (9) below. Similarly, certain U.S. residents may find
      information on their rights as a consumer in Section (15) below.
List of Contents
1. Collection of Personal Data
2. Creation of Personal Data
3. Categories of Personal Data We Collect and Process
4. Purposes of Processing
5. Legal Basis for Processing
6. Disclosure of Personal Data
7. International Transfer of Personal Data
8. Data Retention
9. Your Privacy Rights
10. Direct Marketing
11. Details of Controllers
12. Business Information and Links to Other Websites
13. Cookies, Analytics and Tailored Advertising
14. Contact Us
15. Additional United States Privacy Disclosures
16. Definitions
Annex I – Details of Processing
1. Collection of Personal Data
Depending on how you use our Sites,
      Applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain Personal Data
      about you from the following sources:
Data you provide to us:
We obtain
        Personal Data when you provide those data to us (e.g., when you register
        an account with us; where you contact us
via
email, telephone,
        or by any other means; or when you provide us with your business card).
Account creation details:
We collect or
        obtain Personal Data when you register or create an account to use any
        of our Sites or Applications.
Relationship data:
We collect or obtain
        Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g.,
        when we provide a service to you).
Site or Application data:
We collect or
        obtain Personal Data when you visit or use any of our Sites or
        Applications, or use any features or resources available on or through
        our Sites or Applications.
Content and advertising information:
If
        you interact with any third-party content or advertising on our Sites
        and/ or Applications (including third-party plugins and cookies), we
        allow the relevant third-party providers to collect your Personal Data
        relating to your interaction with that content or advertising, and we
        receive some or all of this Personal Data from the relevant third-party
        provider relating to your interaction with that content or advertising.
Data you make public:
We may collect the
        Personal Data content you publish, or otherwise manifestly make public,
        including comments you make about us, through our Applications and other
        platforms, your social media, or any other publicly available platforms.
Third party information:
We collect or
        obtain Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g.,
        single sign-on providers and other authentication services you use to
        connect to our services, third-party providers of integrated services,
        your employer, other Anker customers, business partners, Processors, and
        law enforcement authorities).
Data automatically collected
: We and our
        third-party partners automatically collect information you provide to us
        and information about how you access and use our Sites, Applications,
        products or other services when you visit our services, read our emails,
        or otherwise engage with us. We typically collect this information
        through a variety of tracking technologies, including (i) cookies or
        small data files that are stored on an individual’s computer and (ii)
        other, related technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded
        scripts, mobile SDKs, location-identifying technologies and logging
        technologies (collectively, “tracking technologies”) and we may use
        third-party partners or technologies to collect this information.
        Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with
        other personal information we collect directly from you or receive from
        other sources.
For more information on which data we collect, please also refer to the
      table in Annex I.
2. Creation of Personal Data
We also create Personal Data records about you in certain circumstances,
      such as records of your interactions with us, details of your past
      interactions with us. We may also link Personal Data collected from any of
      our Sites, Applications, products, or services, including where those data
      are collected from different devices.
3. Categories of Personal Data We Collect and Process
When you first register for an Anker account, we may collect the following
      categories of Personal Data about you: username and password, email
      addresses and/or phone numbers. After successfully creating your Anker
      account, you can use it to log in across Anker’s various Sites and
      Applications without needing to create an account for each specific Site
      or Application.
When using our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may also
      collect and/or process the following categories of Personal Data about
      you:
Contact information
: including your first
        and last name, preferred name, phone number, email address, mailing
        address, and communication preferences, all of which you have
        voluntarily provided.
Account information
: including first and
        last name, date of birth / age, alias, country, language preferences,
        and communication preferences, email address, phone number,
employer and avatar, all of which you have
        voluntarily provided, along with account credentials or one-time
        passcodes, single sign-on authentication tokens, loyalty and incentive
        program credits / rewards, the products or services you are interested
        in,purchased or have otherwise used.
Transaction information
: including
        records of purchases and prices, consignee first and last name, shipping
        address and contact information, shipment tracking details, details of
        returns, and warranty details, when you place orders on our Sites or
        Applications.
Payment details
: such as invoice /
        payment records, payment amount, payment date, billing address,and
        payment method, when you place orders on our Sites or Applications.
        Please note that we use third-party payment providers, including Shop
        Pay, Stripe, Amazon Pay, PayPal, and Google Pay, to process payments
        made to us. We do not receive or retain any personally identifiable
        financial information such as payment card numbers; rather, all such
        information is provided directly by you to our third-party payment
        providers. The payment provider’s use of your personal data is governed
        by their privacy policy.
Information collected from third-party authentication services or
          other third-party accounts you link to our services
: some of our Sites, Applications, products or services may allow you
        to log in through a third-party social network or authentication
        service, such as Amazon, Apple, Google, and Facebook. When you use these
        single sign-on services to access our Sites, Applications, products, or
        services, we do not receive your login credentials for the relevant
        third-party service. Instead, we receive tokens from the single sign-on
        service to help identify you in our system (such as by your username)
        and confirm you successfully authenticated with the single sign-on
        services. In addition to authenticating your identity, these services
        will, in most cases, provide you the option to share certain Personal
        Data with us, which could include your name, email address, address
        book, friend list and other contacts, or other information in your
        public profile (e.g., profile picture, age range, gender, language,
        country). The data we receive is dependent on that third party’s
        policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site.
Product-specific information
: Upon
        installation of and/or binding IoT products to our Applications, we will
        collect certain telemetry data to maintain and protect our services,
        monitor, manage and optimize performance, and provide customer support
        and warranty services. Additionally, we may ask you to provide some
        other information or obtain information from third parties if relevant
        to the functionality of the products. The specific data collected will
        depend on the products you choose to install and/or use with our
        Applications. For details about the product-specific information we
        collect, please refer to the following:
Anker:
When you use our charging-related products, such
        as power stations and batteries, we will collect the following
        product-specific data:
Information From Third Parties
: To complete
      the delivery and the installation process of power stations, enable
      product activation and create user IDs for users, as well as to provide
      updates and information related to the power stations purchased, we may
      obtain certain information from the installers. This information may
      include your email address, the address where the device is installed, and
      optionally, your name and phone number, all of which you provide to the
      installers.
Information Automatically Collected
:
·
Device operational data:
such as energy production data, power
      consumption data, charging data, performance metrics, and user settings.
·
Device log data
: such as device status, event logs, error and
      fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs.
AnkerMake:
When you use our 3D printers, we will
        collect the following product-specific data:
Information You Provide:
such as 3D design
      files and models voluntarily uploaded by you.
Information Automatically Collected:
· Device operational data:
such as print job data (including file
      name, print duration, material used, and print settings), printer
      performance metrics, usage patterns, material information, and user
      settings.
· Device log data:
such as device status, event logs, error and
      fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs.
AnkerWork:
When you use our conferencing products, such
        as webcams, speakerphones, headphones and microphones, we will collect
        the following product-specific data:
Information Automatically Collected:
·
Device operational data:
such as usage statistics, performance
      metrics and user settings, etc.
·
Device log data:
such as device status, event logs, error and
      fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs.
Eufy:
When you use our clean-related products, such as vacuum cleaners and floor
      washing machines, we will collect the following product-specific data:
Information You Provide
:
· Voice information
: You may generate voice prompts when you use
      one of our voice-assisted technologies, and transfer your voice prompts to
      your third-party voice-assistant service account (such as Amazon’s Alexa
      or Google Assistant) as a command.
· Location
: We may request to access your device location
      permissions for activating your products, establishing your Bluetooth
      connection, selecting time zone settings, and obtaining your latitude,
      longitude and altitude information for data analysis purposes and to
      provide better marketing promotion services.
Information Automatically Collected:
·
Device operational data:
such as cleaning history and
      information about the home environment such as floorplans, types of
      flooring, existence and types of objects within the home, and levels of
      dirt detected; cleaning history; etc. If robotic vacuums are equipped with
      cameras or other visual sensors, they may capture images or video data for
      the purposes of navigation and obstacle avoidance, provided that we have
      obtained your consent.
· Device log data
: such as device status, event logs, error and
      fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs, etc.
When you use our baby-related products, such as the baby monitors and
      smart socks, we will collect the following product-specific data:
Information You Provide
: To customize the
      user experience, and track and analyze your baby's growth and development
      over time, we may collect the information you choose to share about your
      baby, such as your baby’s name, gender, age group, weight, photographs.
Information Automatically Collected:
· Device operational data
: such as sleep patterns, nap patterns,
      movements, heart rate, and blood oxygen levels of users when using the
      smart sock; images and video of the infant for remote monitoring purposes
      when using the baby monitor
· Device log data:
such as device status, event logs, error and
      fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs, etc.
When you use our security-related products, such as security cameras,
      video doorbells, smart storage and smart locks, we will collect the
      following product-specific data:
Information You Provide
:
· Location
: We may request to access your location permission for
      activating your products, establishing your Bluetooth connection,
      selecting time zone settings, and obtaining your latitude, longitude and
      altitude information for data analysis purposes and to provide better
      marketing promotion services.
· Fingerprint:
When you use our smart locks, you may need to
      enroll your fingerprint to be able to open the lock through the use of
      your finger. Please be aware that the fingerprint information is stored
      locally and will not be uploaded to the cloud.
Information Automatically Collected:
· Device operational data:
For users of security cameras that
      have subscribed to our cloud storage services, videos related to those
      cloud storage subscriptions will be uploaded to the cloud. Note that
      depending on where you live, the surveillance laws in effect in your
      jurisdiction, and how you configure our services, you may need to obtain
      explicit consent from individuals before using our security cameras and
      other products to create and save video or images of them or provide
      notice informing visitors to your home that our products or services are
      in use. It is your responsibility to ensure that you comply with all such
      applicable laws.
Additionally, we may also collect other operational data, such as usage
      statistics, performance metrics and user settings.
·Biometric data:
For users of security cameras that offer
      biometric-related features, the security cameras will leverage biometric
      technologies (such as facial recognition tools) when a user chooses to
      turn on the features in order to capture biometric data (such as face
      images and underlying face prints). The security cameras use this
      technology and the biometric data it generates to determine whether an
      individual in the device’s field of vision is a “familiar face” or a
      stranger. We do not store or have access to this biometric data. Instead,
      the applicable biometric assessment process is conducted entirely on your
      device. We may, however, receive confirmation of the results of the
      biometric assessment, such as in the form of an alert attached to your
      security account indicating your camera saw a “familiar face” or a
      stranger. Depending on where you live, the laws in effect in your
      jurisdiction, and how you configure our services, you may need to obtain
      explicit consent from individuals before using our products to create,
      save and analyze video or photographic images of them (including to
      conduct biometric processing of their images) or provide notice informing
      visitors to your home that our products or services are in use. It is your
      responsibility to ensure that you comply with all such applicable laws.
· Device log data:
such as device status, event logs, error and
      fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs, etc.
When you use our smart scales, we will collect the following
      product-specific data:
Information You Provide
: including user
      profiles, such as name, gender, birthday, and height of you and/or your
      family members ,which you voluntarily provide. By knowing the user's
      profile, the smart scale can provide more accurate health metrics based on
      age, gender, and height.
Information From Third Parties
: If you
      connect your Fitbit or Apple Health account through the 'Third-Party
      Services' feature, we may receive additional health data, such as energy
      expenditure, related to you and/or your family members from Fitbit or
      Apple Health.
Information Automatically Collected:
· Device operational data
: such as user metrics (including data
      such as weight, body fat percentage, muscle mass, water percentage, bone
      density, and BMI (Body Mass Index), measurement history, usage statistics,
      performance metrics and user settings.
· Device log data
: such as device status, event logs, error and
      fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs,.
Nebula：
When you use our Nebula smart projectors, we
        will collect the following product-specific data:
Information Automatically Collected:
· Device operational data
: usage statistics, performance metrics
      and user settings.
· Device log data
: such as device status, event logs, error and
      fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs.
soundcore:
When you use our soundcore speakers and
        headphones, we will collect the following product-specific data:
Information Automatically Collected:
· Device operational data:
such as entertainment preferences,
      including audio / video settings, and the entertainment services you like
      to engage with. With your permission, we will also read call status for
      the soundcore music player so that music played before a call can be
      paused and resumed after the call ends. With your permission, the
      soundcore app may also seek permission to access your mobile device’s
      microphone to enable you to take advantage of certain speech-based speaker
      / headphone features. You may refuse or withdraw your permission at any
      time through the privacy settings of your mobile device.
· Device log data
: such as device status, event logs, error and
      fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs, etc.
Information about your mobile, device and network
: including mobile name, mobile brand, mobile model, operating system,
        IP address, browser type, device type, device name, device serial
        numbers, device MAC address, wifi ssid, the list of installed
        application, and unique identifiers associated with your device or your
        network (including, for example, user ID, UUID (Universal Unique
        Identifier), Open UDID, station IP, session ID, device ID, or a
        persistent device identifier or advertising ID).
Information about the way individuals use our services and interact
          with us
: including click records, the site from which you came, the site to
        which you are going when you leave our services, how frequently you
        access our services, whether you open emails or click the links
        contained in emails, whether you access our services from multiple
        devices, and other browsing behavior and actions you take on our
        services (such as the pages you visit, the content you view, the
        communications you have through our services, and the content, links and
        ads you interact with, and the record of your interactions, including
        browsing, liking, downloading, adding to favorites, commenting and
        sharing content). We employ third-party technologies designed to allow
        us to collect detailed information about browsing behavior and actions
        that individuals take on our services, which may record your actions
        down to the level of mouse movements, scrolling, clicks, and keystroke
        activity on our services.
Information about your location:
including general geographic location that we or our third-party
        providers may derive from your IP address.
Event, contest, promotion, and survey information
: including information provided when you sign up for an event, enter a
        contest or promotion, complete a survey or submit a testimonial.
Community interaction information
:
        including any photographs, images, 3D design files or other files you
        upload, as well as any posts, comments, or messages you share within the
        community forums on our website. This may also encompass your username,
        profile picture, and any public activity related to the community
        services, such as likes, follows, and shared content.
Feedback and support information
:
        including the contents of custom messages sent through the forms, email
        addresses, or other contact information we make available to customers,
        as well as photographs and videos submitted or recordings of calls with
        us (where permitted by law), and any comments, views, and opinions that
        you publicly post about us on social media platforms or our Sites or
        Applications.
Sensitive personal information
: When you
        use our Sites, Applications, products, or services, we may collec your
        sensitive personal information, such as biometric data, with yo
ur explicit consent, in order to provide specific features.
To collect some of the Personal Data set forth above, we may need to
      request permission to access such Personal Data through your mobile
      device. You are in control of the permissions you grant us, and you may
      change your permission settings at any time in the setting dashboard of
      your device. Note that revoking permissions may affect the provision and
      performance of our Sites, Applications, products, and services.
Purposes of Processing
We may use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes,
      subject to applicable law:
Fulfill our contractual obligations, to deliver Sites, Applications,
        products, services and promotions you have requested, including
        facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and
        contract management (including sales, finance, vendor engagement
        ,customer support, and customer preferences);
Manage our organization and its day-to-day operations;
Communicate with individuals, including in person, through our Sites,
        Applications, products and services, or via direct mail, email, text
        message, push notification, social media and/or telephone and video
        calls, about our Sites, Applications, products and services and other
        relevant matters;
Facilitate the relationship we have with individuals and, where
        applicable, the companies they represent;
Review our business performance;
Market our Sites, Applications, products and services to businesses and
        individuals, including in person, through our Sites, Applications,
        products and services, and through email, direct mail, phone or video
        call , text message, push notification, social media or online
        advertising. This may include targeted advertising and retargeting;
Administer, improve and personalize our Sites, Applications, products
        and services, including by displaying content, features, and advertising
        tailored to an individual’s interests, recognizing an individual and
        remembering their information when they return to our Services and
        analyzing our customer base;
Process payment for paid products and features on our Sites,
        Applications, and other services;
Conduct market research, and engage with users for the purposes of
        obtaining their views on our Sites, Applications, products and services;
Opportunity tracking, conversion and lead generation;
Test, enhance, update, audit and monitor the products and services
        (including our communications, IT and security systems), or diagnose or
        fix technology problems;
Help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property,
        products and services, technology assets and business and our users
        (including communicating with users in relation to product recalls and
        product safety advisory notices);
Enforce our contractual rights, including without limitation, and to the
        extent applicable, the Anker Terms of Service, General Terms and
        Conditions, Software Terms of Service; any addendum thereto or other
        applicable terms.
Resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and
        protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third
        parties;
Detect, prevent, investigate or provide notice of breach of policies or
        terms, fraud, threats of harm or unlawful or criminal activity;
Enable functions of our Sites, Applications, products and services,
        including creating profiles, using our online-shop and rating products,
        and administering loyalty and incentive programs;
Display certain functionalities of our Sites, Applications, products and
        services in connection with third parties, such as the trusted shop
        banner, shipment tracking or product videos;
Enable you to use certain functionalities of our Sites, Applications,
        products and services;
Offer discounts to certain groups, such as students;
Decide whether to enter into a business partnership, such as the
        affiliate program or the merchant program;
Facilitate business transactions and reorganizations impacting the
        structure of our business;
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations; and
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide your personal data, or
        for which you have otherwise consented.
You can find more information about how we Process your Personal Data in
      the table in Annex I.
5. Legal bases for Processing
If you are Subject to the GDPR, the legal bases on which we rely for the
      processing of Personal Data , are as follows:
Perform our contractual services or prior to entering into a contract
        with you: If you order products or services from us or if you contact us
        to request our products or services, we use your Personal Data to
        provide you with these products or services, including for account and
        contract management, to facilitate user benefits and services, including
        customer support and process payment for our products and services or
        with information that may be relevant for you to decide on whether you
        want to order our products and services;
Justified by our legitimate interests: The usage of your Personal Data
        may also be necessary for our own business interests. For example, we
        may use some of your Personal Data to update and monitor the services,
        or diagnose or fix technology problems; help maintain the safety,
        security and integrity of our property and services, technology assets
        and business; enforce our terms, resolve disputes, carry out our
        obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests
        and the interests and rights of third parties; and prevent, investigate
        or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity.
Consent: In some cases, we may ask you to grant us separate consent to
        use your Personal Data. In this case, you can revoke your consent at any
        time with effect for the future.
Compliance with legal obligations: We are obligated to collect or retain
        certain Personal Data because of legal requirements, for example, tax or
        commercial laws, or we may be required by law enforcement to provide
        Personal Data on request.
You can find more information on the legal bases in the table in Annex I.
6.Disclosure of Personal Data
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available,
      and provide Personal Data with and to third parties, as described below.
you and, where appropriate, your appointed representatives.
Anker affiliates:
We share Personal Data
        amongst the legal entities that make up the Anker group, for legitimate
        business purposes and the operation of our Sites, Applications,
        products, and services for you, in accordance with applicable law. These
        legal entities may use your Personal Data in the manner described in
        this Privacy Notice.
As required by law
: We may disclose
        Personal Data to third parties, such as legal advisors and law
        enforcement agencies, regulators, other authorities and other third
        parties for legal reasons if we reasonably believe in good faith that
        such action is necessary:
- in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal
      claims;
- to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
- to protect our rights and property and the rights, personal safety and
      property of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies;
- to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud or other criminal activity; or
- as otherwise required by applicable law.
Third-party Processors:
We share Personal
        Data with third party contractors and service providers subject to
        reasonable confidentiality terms. such as email service providers;
        marketing/advertising service providers; call service providers; video
        shopping support and showroom service providers; text message service
        providers; venue operators; payment services providers; shipping
        companies; and postal carriers, subject to the requirements noted below
        in this Section (6). These Processors support us in processing the types
        of Personal Data described above in Sections (1) - (3), and for the
        purposes described in Section (4). They only are authorized to process
        that information as necessary and as directed by us;
Advertising networks and partners
: To
        efficiently market our products and services to you, including to
        deliver advertising and personalize content on our Sites, Applications,
        products and services, on other websites and services, and across other
        devices, we may share Personal Data with advertising networks and
        partners. These parties may collect information automatically from your
        browser or device when you visit our websites and other services through
        the use of cookies and similar technologies. This information is used to
        provide and inform targeted advertising, as well as to provide
        advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics,
        and market research. For more information about how these technologies
        work and certain choices you may have in relation to these technologies,
        please refer to Section (13) below;
Business and marketing partners
: We may
        also disclose Personal Data with other business and marketing partners
        with whom we jointly offer products or services or who are part of our
        partner program. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable
        law.
Third party services integrated in our services (for instance, third
        party voice-assisted technologies may receive information you choose to
        share directly with them);
Individuals you choose, for example through our device-sharing function;
        we recommend you share information with only people you trust;
Independent advisors
: We may disclose
        Personal Data to our independent advisors such as accountants, auditors,
        consultants, lawyers, and other outside professional advisors to Anker,
        subject to binding contractual or statutory obligations or statutory of
        confidentiality;
Corporate transactions:
if Anker is
        involved in a corporate business transaction, such as a merger,
        acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our company assets, we may
        disclose Personal Data to a third party during negotiation of, in
        connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction.
        If Anker completes such a corporate business transaction, you will be
        notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any
        change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may
        have regarding your Personal Data. Personal Data may also be disclosed
        in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership; and
Other DisclosuresWe may also disclose your Personal Data to any other
        third party or publicly with your prior consent or direction.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your Personal Data, the
      Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only
      Process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written
      instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and
      security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements
      under applicable law. Please note that third parties and business partners
      may process your Personal Data in accordance with their own privacy
      policies and terms of service.
7. International Transfer of Personal Data
Because of the international nature of our business, we transfer Personal
      Data within the Anker group, and to third parties as noted in Section
      (6) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Notice. For
      this reason, we transfer Personal Data to other countries that may have
      different laws and data protection compliance requirements than those that
      apply in the country in which you are located, including China, the EEA,
      the UK, and the US.
In the event of a transfer by Anker, we ensure that international
      transfers of your Personal Data are made pursuant to appropriate
      safeguards, such as:
Ensuring that the Personal Data is only transferred to countries
        recognized as Adequate Jurisdictions. The current adequacy decisions can
        be found
here
. There is currently no adequacy decision for China; and there is only
        a partial adequacy decision for the U.S., where only such companies that
        are registered under the Data Privacy Framework are covered by an
        adequacy decision or
the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as
        Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or UK
        Secretary of State (as applicable) in connection with appropriate
        supplementary measures. The decision and the template text of these
        Standard Contractual Clauses can be found
here
;
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards, including the
      specific contracts entered into, or used, please contact us using the
      details set out under Section (14) of this Privacy Notice.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Data directly to any Anker
      entity established outside the UK, Switzerland, or the EEA (as
      applicable), this is considered a direct collection, to which the
      safeguards mentioned in this Section (7) may not apply. We will
      nevertheless Process your Personal Data, from the point at which we
      receive such data, in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy
      Notice.
8.Data Retention
We have implemented processes designed to ensure that your Personal Data
      are only processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set
      out in this Privacy Notice. The criteria for determining the duration for
      which we will retain your Personal Data are as follows:
（1）we will retain Personal Data in a form that permits
            identification only for as long as:
(a) we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you
            are a user of our services, or you are lawfully included in our
            mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
(b) your Personal Data are necessary in connection with the lawful
            purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, for which we have a valid
            legal basis (e.g., where your Personal Data are included in a
            contract between you and us, and we have a legitimate interest in
            Processing those Personal Data for the purposes of operating our
            business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or
            where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data),
（2）the duration of:
(a) any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e.,
            either any statutory retention periods as required by the law of the
            applicable region (e.g., the European Union or a member state of the
            EEA), or any period during which any person could bring a legal
            claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which
            your Personal Data are relevant); and
(b) an additional two (2) month period following the end of such
            applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at
            the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable
            amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that are
            relevant to that claim),
（3）in addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we
            continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are
            necessary in connection with that claim.
During the periods noted in paragraphs (2)(a) and (2)(b) above, we will
      restrict our Processing of your Personal Data to storage of, and
      maintaining the security of, those data, except to the extent that those
      data need to be reviewed in connection with any legal claim, or any
      obligation under applicable law.
Once the periods in paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) above, each to the extent
      applicable, have concluded, we will either:
permanently delete or destroy the Relevant Personal Data; or
anonymize or deidentify the Relevant Personal Data.
9.Your Privacy Rights
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the
      Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, please note
        that we may be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our
        services, if you do not provide us with your Personal Data – e.g., we
        might not be able to process your requests without the necessary
        details);
the right to request access to, or copies of, your Relevant Personal
        Data, together with additional information, such as information
        regarding the nature, Processing and disclosure of those Relevant
        Personal Data;
the right to request rectification of any inaccuracies or incompleteness
        in your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request, on legitimate grounds, restriction of Processing
        of your Relevant Personal Data (limiting the purposes for which we
        Process your Personal Data);
the right to have certain Relevant Personal Data transferred to another
        Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format,
        to the extent applicable;
the right to request the deletion or removal of your Relevant Personal
        Data where there is no other legal basis for us to keep using it. Please
        note that we may not be able to immediately remove the information from
        the backup system due to applicable laws and regulations or
        technological limitations. If this is the case, we will isolate your
        Relevant Personal Data from any further processing until the backup can
        be deleted or be anonymized / deidentified.
where we Process your Relevant Personal Data on the basis of your
        consent, the right to withdraw that consent at any time (noting that
        such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing
        performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such
        withdrawal).
Under the GDPR , you may also have the following additional
                rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal
                Data:
the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular
                situation, to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by
                us or on our behalf, where such processing is based on Articles
                6(1)(e) (public interest) or 6(1)(f) (legitimate interests) of
                the GDPR;
the right to object to the Processing of your Relevant Personal
                Data by us or on our behalf for direct marketing
                purposes.
the right to lodge complaints regarding the Processing of your
                Relevant Personal Data with a competent Data Protection
                Authority (in particular, the UK Information Commissioner’s
                Office, or the Data Protection Authority of the EU Member State
                in which you live, or in which you work, or in which the alleged
                infringement occurred. If you live in Germany, the relevant Data
                Protection Authority is the "Bayerisches Landesamt für
                Datenschutzaufsicht", Promenade 18, 91522 Ansbach). However, we
                encourage you to first contact us so that we can together solve
                any concerns you may have.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these
      rights or any other provision of this Privacy Notice, or about our
      Processing of your Personal Data, please use the contact details provided
      in Section (14) below. Please note that:
in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity
        before we can give effect to these rights; and
where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g.,
        a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with
        applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly,
        before deciding what action to take.
10.Direct Marketing
We Process Personal Data to contact you
via
email, telephone,
      direct mail, or other communication formats to provide you with
      information regarding Sites, Applications, products, and services that may
      be of interest to you. If we provide Sites, Applications, products, or
      services to you, we may send or display information to you regarding our
      Sites, Applications, products, or services, upcoming promotions and other
      information that may be of interest to you, including by using the contact
      details that you have provided to us, or any other appropriate means,
      subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent
      required under applicable law. Please note that we may track your opening
      and clicking behavior.
You may unsubscribe from specific promotional email campaigns at any time
      by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every promotional
      electronic communication we send, or you may unsubscribe from all Anker
      promotional emails by unsubscribing online at
https://mulpass.anker.com/unsubscribe/?app=ankeruk.
After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional emails
      in connection with the email campaigns you have unsubscribed from, but in
      some circumstances we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary
      for the purposes of providing any Sites, Applications, products, or
      services you have requested or in connection with any email campaigns to
      which you remain subscribed.
You may unsubscribe from specific promotional text campaigns at any time
      by replying STOP via text message to any of the promotional text
      communications we send in relation to the specific campaign you would like
      to opt out from. After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further
      promotional text messages in connection with the text campaigns you have
      unsubscribed from, but in some circumstances, we will continue to contact
      you to the extent necessary for the purposes of providing any Sites,
      Applications, products, or services you have requested or in connection
      with any text campaigns to which you remain subscribed.
11.Details of Controllers
For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, the relevant joint Controllers
      are:
Controller entity
Contact details
Anker Technology (UK) Ltd.
205 Kings Road, Fairgate House
Suite B
B11 2AA Birmingham
+49 (0) 69 9579 7960
Anker Innovations Technology Co., Ltd
Room701, Bldg 7, Zhongdian Software Park, 39 Jianshan Road, Hi-tech
            Zone, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China
Shenzhen Oceanwing Smart Innovations Technology Co., Ltd
B701-705, Jianxing Tech Bldg, Xinxing industrial park, 3151 Shahe
            West Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen City
Fantasia Trading LLC
5350 Ontario Mills Pkwy, Suite 100, Ontario, CA 91764
For general enquiries, or to exercise any of the rights set out in this
      Privacy Notice, please contact
support@anker.com
.
With respect to the Processing of Personal Data through our Site and
      Applications, the entities mentioned above can both access your Personal
      Data and decide on the means and purposes of the Processing. Therefore,
      they are jointly responsible for the Processing of your Personal Data.
Notwithstanding your ability to contact Anker, at
support@anker.com
, for all data
      protection related matters, Anker Innovations Technology Co., Ltd. offers
      to take care of all matters relating to your Personal Data. To this end,
      you may send any concerns, including requests to exercise your rights
      under Section (9) of this Privacy Notice, to Anker Innovations Technology
      Co., Ltd. at the contact information provided above or in Section (14).
12. Business Information and Links to Other Websites
Business information
– In the course of
      using our Sites, Applications, products, and services, we may ask you to
      provide business information related to the company where you work.
      Business information may include information about your company’s
      practices, policies, processes, and supporting documentation. This
      business information is stored on Anker systems, and we use it to provide
      the solutions you have contracted us to provide and in accordance with the
      terms and conditions set forth in agreements between Anker and your
      company,
Links to other websites
– This Privacy
      Notice applies only to Anker practices, technologies, and services. Our
      online properties may include links to websites and online services that
      are operated by other companies not under the control or direction of
      Anker. If you provide or submit Personal Data to those websites or online
      services, the privacy policies on those websites or online services apply
      to your Personal Data. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy
      policies of any website you visit.
13. Cookies, Analytics and Tailored Advertising
Anker and its third-party partners and providers use cookies and similar
      technologies to automatically collect certain Personal Data when you visit
      or interact with our Sites and services to enhance navigation, analyze
      trends, administer the Sites, track users’ movements around the Sites,
      gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and assist
      with our marketing efforts and customer service. You can control the use
      of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable
      cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our
      Sites and services.
Our Sites provide you the ability to adjust your preferences regarding our
      use of cookies and similar technologies by clicking the "Cookie Settings”
      link in the footer of our Sites. These cookie preference manager tools are
      website, device, and browser specific, so you will need to change your
      preferences on each device and browser you use when interacting with the
      specific Site you are visiting. You can also stop all collection of
      information via our web services by not using our Sites and services.
You may also be able to utilize third-party tools and features to further
      restrict our use of cookies and similar technologies. For example, cookies
      may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most
      commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by
      selecting certain settings. Browsers offer different functionalities and
      options, so you may need to set them separately. In addition, you may be
      able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling
      certain location-based services, by adjusting the permissions in your
      mobile device or internet browser. You may also exercise choice regarding
      the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
to download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. For information
      on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you
      can control information sent to Google, review Google's website here:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
You may also opt-out of targeted advertising by companies that participate
      in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“
DAA
”) AdChoices
      Program by visting
optout.aboutads.info
. For more information on the DAA AdChoices Program, please visit
www.youradchoices.com
. In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative
      (“
NAI
”) has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt
      out of certain tailored advertising delivered by NAI members’ advertising
      networks. To learn more about opting out of such targeted advertising or
      to use the NAI tool, see
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
.
14.Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Notice or
      privacy practices, you may contact us at
support@anker.com
or
DPO@anker.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
      addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party
      dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
ADDITIONAL UNITED STATES PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
These following disclosures supplement the information contained in the
      main body of our Privacy Notice by providing additional information about
      our Personal Data processing practices relating to individual residents of
      certain states in the United States, including the states of
California, Nevada, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas,
        Utah, or Virginia in the United States
. For a detailed description of how we collect, use, disclose, and
      otherwise process Personal Data, please read the main body of our Privacy
      Notice.
Collection and Use of Personal Data
Personal Data
As described in more detail in Section (3) above, we collect,and have
      collected in the preceding 12 months, the following categories of Personal
      Data:
Identifiers
, such as first and last name, preferred name, phone
        number, email address, user ID, and online identifiers.
Customer records
, such as contact information, address book
        information, and account information.
Protected classification characteristics
, such as age, gender,
        and health status.
Commercial information
, such as records of purchases and
        prices, shipping address and contact information, and details of
        returns, and consumer histories and tendencies.
Biometric information
, such as facial or other biometric
        recognition technology results processed and maintained solely on the
        user’s device (see below for more detail).
Internet / network information
, such as the device type,
        manufacturer, and model, operating system, IP address, browser type,
        Internet service provider, and unique identifiers associated with you,
        your device, or your network.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
          information
, including voice prompts / recordings and service avatars, images and
        video.
Professional / employment information
, such as employer and job
        title.
Sensitive personal data
, such as account credentials, biometric
        information and health data (as further described below).
Other Personal Data
, such as your communication preferences,
        entertainment preferences, home configuration (for our home-related
        services), participation in our loyalty and incentive programs, and any
        other Personal Data you choose to share in custom messages sent through
        the forms, email addresses, or other contact information we make
        available to customers.
Inferences
, including consumer preferences, predispositions,
        and characteristics.
As described in Section (1) above, we collect this Personal Data directly
      from you, automatically when you interact with our Sites, Applications,
      products, or other services, from third parties, and from public
      third-party platforms such as social media websites.
We collect Personal Data from and about you for a variety of purposes. For
      example, we use Personal Data to communicate with you; to facilitate,
      process, and fulfill orders you place with us or the services you request;
      to conduct surveys, sweepstakes, contests and other promotions; to analyze
      and improve the use of our Sites and Applications; to deliver marketing
      communications and personalized and non-personalized advertising; and to
      facilitate our customer services. For more information about our use of
      Personal Data, please refer to Section (4) above.
Sensitive Personal Data
The following Personal Data elements we collect or are otherwise processed
      in connection with our Sites,Applications,products or services may be
      classified as “sensitive” under certain privacy laws (“
Sensitive Personal Data
”):
Account credentials.
Payment card information (collected and processed solely by our
        third-party payment providers; Anker does not have access to this data).
Biometric information (collected and processed solely on the user’s
        device; Anker does not have access to this data).
Health metrics, including sleep patterns, movements, heart rate, height,
        weight, and body mass index .
Precise geolocation data.
We only use or disclose Sensitive Personal Data where reasonably necessary
      and proportionate,and where permitted by law, for the purposes of
      performing services you have requested, verifying and improving the
      services we provide, detecting security incidents, fraud and other illegal
      actions, ensuring the physical safety of natural persons, performing
      services on behalf of the business, or short-term transient use. We only
      collect and process Sensitive Personal Data without the purpose of
      inferring characteristics about the relevant individual, and we do not
      sell Sensitive Personal Data or process or otherwise share Sensitive
      Personal Data for the purpose of targeted advertising (as further
      described below).
However, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal
      limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit, or withdraw your
      consent for, our processing of Sensitive Personal Data (as described in
      the Your Additional U.S. Privacy Choices section below).
Deidentified Information
We may at times receive, or process Personal Data to create, deidentified
      information that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information
      about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household.
      Where we maintain deidentified information, we will maintain and use the
      information in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the
      information except as required or permitted by law.
Keep Your Information Safe and Secure
All Anker products are built with strong security features that
      continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from
      maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security
      threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that
      we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you
      through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Anker from unauthorized access,
      alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
- We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
- We offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing, Security
      Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your account
- We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices,
      including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to
      our systems
- We restrict access to personal information to Anker employees,
      contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it.
      Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality
      obligations .
Personal Data Disclosures, Sales, and Targeted Advertising
We may disclose the categories of Personal Data above to the following
      categories of third parties: the entities that make up the Anker group,
      Processors, ad networks and advertising partners, business and marketing
      partners, third-party providers with services integrating with our
      services, individuals you choose to share Personal Data with, and certain
      third parties where you have provided consent or where otherwise required
      or permitted by law. Please see Section (6) for more detail. Please be
      aware that we will not transfer your Sensitive Personal Data to any third
      parties, including advertising platforms, data brokers, or information
      resellers, for purposes other than providing or improving the use case or
      features of our Sites, Applications, products, or services, without your
      consent.
Our disclosure or making available of identifiers, customer records,
      commercial information, internet / network information, and inferences to
      ad networks and advertising partners may qualify as the sale of Personal
      Data or the sharing or processing of Personal Data for the purpose of
      displaying advertisements that are selected based on Personal Data
      obtained or inferred over time from an individual’s activities across
      businesses or distinctly-branded websites, applications, or other services
      (otherwise known as “targeted advertising” or “cross-context behavioral
      advertising”) under certain privacy laws.
Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal
      limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit or opt-out of the
      sale of Personal Data or the processing of Personal Data for purposes of
      targeted advertising (as described in the Your Additional U.S. Privacy
      Choices section below).
Please note we do not sell the Personal Data of individuals we know to be
      less than 16 years of age or share such information for targeted
      advertising purposes. In addition, we do not sell Sensitive Personal Data,
      and we do not process or otherwise share Sensitive Personal Data for the
      purpose of targeted advertising.
Automated Decision-Making and Profiling
We do not conduct automated processing of Personal Data for the purposes
      of evaluating, analyzing, or predicting an individual’s personal aspects
      in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant
      effects. As a result, we do not provide a right to exercise control over
      such forms of automated decision-making and profiling.
Your Additional U.S. Privacy Choices
Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal
      limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise some or all of the
      following rights:
Right to Know.
The right to confirm whether we
        are processing Personal Data about you and, under California and Oregon
        law only, to obtain certain personalized details about the Personal Data
        we have collected about you, including:
The categories of Personal Data collected;
The categories of sources of the Personal Data
The purposes for which the Personal Data were collected;
The categories of Personal Data disclosed to third parties (if any), and
        the categories of recipients to whom this Personal Data were disclosed
        (or, for Oregon residents only, a list of the specific third parties to
        whom personal data have been disclosed);;
The categories of Personal Data shared for targeted advertising purposes
        (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the Personal Data
        were disclosed for these purposes; and
The categories of Personal Data sold (if any) and the categories of
        third parties to whom the Personal Data were sold.
Right to Access & Portability
.
The right to obtain access to the Personal
        Data we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right
        to obtain a copy of the Personal Data in a portable and, to the extent
        technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit
        the data to another entity without hindrance.
Right to Correction.
The right to correct inaccuracies in your
        Personal Data, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and
        the purposes of the processing of the Personal Data.
Right to Control Over Sensitive Personal Data.
The right to exercise control over our
        collection and processing of certain Sensitive Personal Data.
Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising.
The right to direct us not to use or share
        Personal Data for certain targeted advertising purposes.
Right to Opt-Out of Sales
. The right to direct us not to sell
        Personal Data to third parties.
Right to Deletion.
The right to have us delete
        Personal Data we maintain about you (subject to certain exceptions).
Depending on your state of residency, you may also have the right to not
      receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a
      request to exercise the above rights. However, the exercise of the rights
      described above may result in a different price, rate or quality level of
      product or service where that difference is reasonably related to the
      impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law.
Submitting Privacy Rights Requests
Please submit a request specifying the right you wish to exercise by:
Completing our online form found
here
; or
Sending us an email at the following address: support@anker.com.
To exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of cookies and
      similar technologies that involve the sale of Personal Data or the use of
      Personal Data for targeted advertising purposes, please click the “Cookie
      Settings” link in the footer of the website and adjust your preferences
      accordingly. If you are visiting our Sites with the Global Privacy Control
      enabled, any cookies that constitute sales or are used for targeted
      advertising should already be turned off automatically in our cookie
      preference manager. Please note this opt-out tool is website, device and
      browser specific, so you will need to change your preferences on each
      device and browser you use to interact with the specific website you are
      visiting. In addition, you can also opt-out of cookie-based sales by
      businesses that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s CCPA
      Opt-Out Tool by visiting
https://www.privacyrights.info/
. Lastly, you may follow the other steps set forth in Section (13)
      above to further exercise control over cookies and similar technologies.
Before processing your request to exercise certain rights (including the
      Right to Know, Access & Portability, Correction, and Deletion), we
      will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a
      state that offers the requested right(s). In order to verify your
      identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication
      of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us
      to the information we maintain about you in our systems. As a result, we
      require requests submitted through our online form and email address to
      include the requester’s name and email address, their relationship with
      Anker, the brands relevant to the request, and the data subject’s email
      address, state/ country/ zip and any comments relating to the request.
In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request,
      particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your
      information in our systems, or where you are not a resident of one of the
      eligible states.
Submitting Authorized Agent Requests
In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to
      submit requests on your behalf through the designated methods set forth
      above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your
      behalf. In order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we generally
      require evidence of either (i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed
      letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact
      information of the authorized agent, and a statement of authorization for
      the request. Depending on the evidence provided and your state of
      residency, we may still need to separately reach out to you to confirm the
      authorized agent has permission to act on your behalf and to verify your
      identity in connection with the request.
Appealing Privacy Rights Decisions
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision
      we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. All appeal
      requests should be submitted by replying to the communication resolving
      your original request.
Financial Incentives and Loyalty Programs
We offer various financial incentives to our customers, including:
Discounts, coupons, and special offers via email when signing up for our
        email lists or creating an account;
Rewards when referring a friend who purchases our products or services;
        and
Loyalty programs, where customers earn / redeem rewards based upon their
        past transactions with us.
To obtain access to certain of these programs and other offerings, we may
      ask to collect your Personal Data, including name, contact information,
      professional information, account information, and transaction
      information. We consider the value of these programs and other offerings
      to be reasonably related to the value of the Personal Data to our
      business, based on our reasonable but sole determination. We estimate the
      value of the Personal Data by considering the expense incurred by the
      business related to the collection, storage, and retention of the Personal
      Data in the context of the financial incentive program and the expenses
      related to the provision of the financial incentive.
The terms applicable to each program and other offering are provided at
      the time an eligible customer is offered an opportunity to participate.
      Interested customers can opt-in to these programs and offerings by
      following the instructions presented at the time the offer is made.
      Participating customers may withdraw from our programs and other offerings
      at any time by unsubscribing from our emails (for email-based incentives),
      closing their accounts (for loyalty and reward program incentives),
      following the instructions provided in connection with each offering, or
      by emailing us at support@anker.com.
16. Definitions
“
Adequate Jurisdiction
” means a jurisdiction that has
        been formally designated by the European Commission as providing an
        adequate level of protection for Personal Data.
“Application”
means any applications operated, or
        maintained, by us or on our behalf.
“
California Resident
” means (1) every individual who is
        in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory
        purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of
        California who is outside the state for a temporary or transitory
        purpose.
“
Cookie
” means a small file that is placed on your
        device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Privacy
        Notice, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies such
        as web beacons and clear GIFs.
“
Controller
” means the entity that decides how and why
        Personal Data are Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has
        primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection
        laws.
“
Data Protection Authority
” means an independent public
        authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with
        applicable data protection laws.
“
EEA
” means the European Economic Area (Member States
        of the European Union together with Iceland, Norway, and Liechtenstein).
“
GDPR
” means the General Data Protection Regulation
        (EU) 2016/679.
“
Personal Data
” means information that is about any
        individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly
        identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a
        name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or
        to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic,
        mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
“
Process
”, “
Processing
” or
        “
Processed
” means anything that is done with any
        Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection,
        recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration,
        retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination
        or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction,
        erasure or destruction.
“
Processor
” means any person or entity that Processes
        Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the
        Controller).
“
Profiling
” means any form of automated Processing of
        Personal Data consisting of the use of Personal Data to evaluate certain
        personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse
        or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work,
        economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests,
        reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
“
Relevant Personal Data
” means Personal Data in respect
        of which we are the Controller.
“
Sell
” means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing,
        disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise
        communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a
        consumer’s Personal Data by the business to another business or a third
        party for monetary or other valuable consideration. Depending on
        applicable law,a business does not sell Personal Data when,for example:
A consumer uses or directs the business to intentionally disclose
            Personal Data or uses the business to intentionally interact with a
            third party, subject to certain limitations;
The business uses or shares an identifier for a consumer who has
            opted out of the sale of the consumer’s Personal Data for the
            purposes of alerting third parties that the consumer has opted out
            of the sale of the consumer’s Personal Data;
The business uses or shares with a Processor Personal Data of a
            consumer that is necessary to perform a business purposes.subject to
            certain limitations;or
The business transfers to a third party Personal Data of a consumer
            as an asset that is part of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or
            other transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or
            part of the business ,subject to certain limitations.
“
Standard Contractual Clauses
” means template transfer
        clauses adopted by the European Commission or adopted by a Data
        Protection Authority and approved by the European Commission.
“
Site
” means any website operated, or maintained, by us
        or on our behalf.
Annex I - Details of Processing
Processing activity and Processed Personal Data
Purposes
Legal basis for Processing
Provision of Sites or Applications:
· IP address
· Website from which access occurred (referrer URL),
· Unique identifiers (UUID), Open UDID
· Mobile brand, mobile model
· Device MAC address,
· Browser used (incl. type, ID and configuration) and your
            computer’s or phone's operating system, if applicable, as well as
            the name of your access provider.
· Log data, such as error tracking, load times and performance
            metrics
· To ensure we can provide a smooth connection to our Sites or
            Applications
· To ensure users can comfortably use our Sites or Applications
· To assess system security and stability
· Improving our products and services
· The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you; and /or
· Our legitimate interest to provide secure, needs-based Sites or
            Applications.
Creating user account and managing user profiles:
· Email addresses
· Passwords, and/or
· Phone numbers
· Other user profiles: such as name, date of birth /age, alias, user
            ID, country, language preferences, and communication preferences,
            email address, employer, avatar, account credentials or one-time
            passcodes, single sign-on authentication tokens, loyalty and
            incentive program credits / rewards, and the products or services
            you purchased or have otherwise used.
· Provision of a user account, with address management, order
            overview
· Organization of the email-preferences
· Security of the account
· Evaluation of our users
· The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you, or
· Where separately indicated, the Processing is
            based on your consent.
Logging in via Google/ Facebook/Apple/ Amazon account：
· Information collected from Google account, Facebook account, Apple
            account, or Amazon account you link to our services. The data we
            receive is dependent on that third party’s policies and your privacy
            settings on that third-party site.
To Provide account login services
The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you
Transaction and Payment:
· Transaction information: records of purchases and prices,
            consignee first and last name, shipping address and contact
            information, shipment tracking details, details of returns, and
            warranty details.
· Payment details: such as invoice / payment records, payment
            amount, payment date, billing address, payment method.
· Receiving renumeration that we are owed
· Fulfilling of the orders/contracts concluded with you
· Enabling you to utilize our products and services
·Responding to any queries, issues or concerns you may have
The Processing is necessary for entering into or performing a
            contract with you.
Installing products, binding products to Applications：
· Information about your device and network: such as mobile brand,
            mobile model, operating system, IP address, browser type, device
            type, device name, device serial numbers, device MAC address and
            unique identifiers associated with your device or your network.
· Product-specific information: such as device operational data,
            device log data and some other information you provide or obtain
            from third parties. The specific data collected will depend on the
            products you choose to install and/or use with our Applications.
            Please refer to Section (3) for more details,
· To ensure users can use our Applications to connect, control and
            operate our products you have purchased.
· Providing you with product-related services
· Maintaining and protecting our services
· Monitoring, managing and optimizing performance,
· Providing customer support and warranty services.
· The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you, or
· Where separately indicated, the Processing is
            based on your consent.
Engaging in events, contests, promotions, and surveys:
·information you provided when you sign up for an event, enter a
            contest or promotion activity, complete a survey or submit a
            testimonial
·To enhance user experience,
·Improving products and services,
· Tailoring marketing strategies,
· Establishing effective communication with participants.
The Processing is based on your consent.
Community Forum：
· Profile name
· Posts (including if they are edited), and anything contained
            therein, such as pictures, comments, or messages
· Photographs, images, 3D design files or other files you upload
· Public activity related to the community services, such as likes,
            follows, and shared content.
· Community level
· Providing a forum for discussion of our products
· Support for engagement in this forum
· Ensuring compliance with the terms of the forum
The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you, or
· Where separately indicated, the Processing is
            based on your consent.
Contacting us:
· first and last name
· preferred name
· phone number
· email address
· mailing address, and
· communication preferences
· Processing of your request
· Performance of the communication
· Analyzing errors and improving our services
Depending on the reason you are contacting us:
· The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you. or
· Our legitimate interests in Processing your request and
            performance of the communication.
Support and Warranty Application:
·E-mail address
·Order number, or screenshot of order or receipt (if any)
·The contents of custom messages sent through the forms, email
            addresses, or other contact information we make available to
            customers,
·Photographs and videos submitted or recordings of calls with us
            (where permitted by law), and
·Any comments, views, and opinions that you publicly post about us
            on social media platforms or our Sites or Applications.
· Verification of the warranty claim
· Implementation of the warranty claim
· Documentation of the defect
The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you
Live Chat with Support:
· Name
· E-mail address
· Contents of the chat
· provision of the live chat
· security of the live chat
· feedback on and improvement of our products
· The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you or
· Our legitimate interest in providing a live chat.
Comments and opinions, if they are expressed directly to us or you
            publicly post about us:
· Communications data, depending on the way of contact (see above)
· Your comments and opinions.
· Responding to and address your queries, issues and concerns,
· Improving our products and services
· Informing our marketing strategies
Our legitimate interests, namely communicating with current or
            prospective customers and others about our products and services.
Notification of changes, product security communications and product
            recalls:
· Name
· E-mail address
· Address (including region)
· Phone number
· Information about the communication we made to you and any
            following communications.
· Informing you about changes or security communications
· notification of the need for a product recall and the manner in
            which such a recall will be conducted
Depending on the reason you are contacting us:
· The Processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation, or
· The Processing is necessary for performing a contract with you, or
· Our legitimate interests in informing you about a change or
            security communication.
Newsletter:
· Email
· Tracking information (open and click rates)
· Informing you about new developments concerning Anker, our
            products, services and promotions
· Insight into what content is of interest to you to improve our
            newsletter
·Advertising our products and services
· The Processing is based on your consent, or, where we have
            obtained your email address in the course of you ordering our
            services,
· based on our legitimate interest in sending you offerings to
            products/services similar to the ones you have purchased from us.
Displaying advertisements:
· IP address of the requesting computer,
· Date and time of access,
· Website from which access occurred (referrer URL),
· Unique identifiers (UUID)，
· Browser used (incl. type, ID and configuration) and your
            computer’s operating system, if applicable, as well as the name of
            your access provider
· Interests, based on the use of our services and Sites/
            Applications and the information provided by our ad-network
            partners. For more information about advertising and tracking,
            please also see our Cookie Notice.
· Informing you about new developments concerning Anker, our
            products, services and promotions
· Advertising our products and services
Insofar as the Processing is aimed at tailoring our advertisements
            to your interests,
· The Processing is based on your consent. Otherwise,
· The Processing is based on our legitimate interests, namely to
            market and advertise our products and services.
Analyzing trends, usage and activities:
· country
· Information about your application, device and network: this
            includes mobile name, mobile brand, mobile model, operating system,
            IP address, browser type, device type, device name, device serial
            numbers, device MAC address, wifi ssid, the list of installed
            application, and unique identifiers associated with your device or
            your network(e.g., user ID, UUID, Open UDID, station_IP, session ID,
            device ID).
· Information about the way individuals use our services and
            interact with us: this includes click records, the site from which
            you came, the site to which you are going when you leave our
            services, how frequently you access our services, whether you open
            emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access
            our services from multiple devices, and other browsing behavior and
            actions you take on our services.
Analyzing trends, usage, and activities to address errors and
            optimize performance for a better user experience.
The Processing is based on your consent. To manage it, adjust the
            “Share App Analytics” and “Share Device Analytics” settings (if
            available) .
Maintaining IT security (including audits):
· IP address of the requesting computer or phones,
· Date and time of access,
· Name and URL of the accessed file,
· Website from which access occurred (referrer URL),
· Unique identifiers (UUID)，
· Browser used (incl. type, ID and configuration) and your
            computer’s operating system, if applicable, as well as the name of
            your access provider
· Behavior while using our Sites, Applications, products and
            services.
· Log data, such as click tracking, error tracking,load times and
            performance metrics
· To ensure users can comfortably use our Sites, products and
            services
· To assess system security and stability · Finding and eliminating
            security vulnerabilities
· Monitoring and demonstrating of our safety level, also to achieve
            external certifications
· The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you, and/or
· Our legitimate interests in ensuring the safety of our Sites,
            products and services.
Refer friends:
If you refer a friend:
· Name
· Email address
· Purchases made though link
· Information about rewards
If a friend refers you:
· Your Personal Data is Processed as shown above
· Purchases are attributed to the link you were invited with
· Increasing sales of our products and services
· Enabling participation in our refer a friend program
· Paying out rewards for participation in the program
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products through a refer
            a friend program.
Discount networks (e.g., Studentbeans):
· Authorization to use the discount
· Personalized discount codes
· Purchased products
· Enabling a discount for faculty and students.
· Improving the sale of our products to these groups
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products through special
            discount codes.
Video Shopping guide：
· Device type
· Browsing history
· Recipient information provided by users, such as name, contact
            number, and delivery address.
· Session length
· Video recording
· Chat history
· Processing your orders
· Enhance our services
· The Processing is based on your consent.
Testing Club:
· Name
· Email
· Test plan
· Product reviews, including photos and videos.
· Survey (if test requires so).
· Review of applications and selection of suitable testers
· Provision of free products for testing
· Obtaining reviews of the products
· Improvement of the test products
· Promotion of the products to be tested
· The Processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract
            with you Or
· The Processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in
            improving and promoting our products.
Legal:
· All of the above
· Complying with regulatory obligations
· Litigation
· Exercise, enforcement and defense of claims
· The Processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in
            compliance with regulatory obligations, and exercising, enforcing
            and defending of claims.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyrights.info/:
Skip to main content
Opt Out Tools
California consumers may use these tools to send requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) for this browser to opt out of the sale of personal information by some or all of the participating companies.
Using these tools, you can learn about the participating companies and their privacy practices. You can also send requests to opt out under the CCPA to some or all of these companies.
When you see this green icon, you can click on it and learn about the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) and send opt-out requests.
What is the CCPA?
CCPA was enacted to provide California consumers with transparency about how personal information is collected or used, and to provide them with certain rights. It goes into effect on January 1, 2020.
About This Tool
This Opt-Out Tool is provided by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA). DAA is an independent non-profit organization that establishes and enforces responsible privacy practices across the digital advertising ecosystem, providing consumers with enhanced transparency and control through multifaceted principles that apply to various types of data gathered in desktop, mobile web, or mobile app environments for a variety of purposes. The DAA also administers the
YourAdChoices
and
Political Ads
programs, and is led by leading advertising and marketing trade associations.
To report a problem with the Opt-Out Tool click
here
.
Back to Top