For Kurio Products, the Kurio Store and Online at Kurioworld.com
Updated July 3, 2013
KURIO PRIVACY POLICY
CIDE Interactive, a French Company, (hereinafter, “CIDE Interactive”, “Us” or “We”) is the manufacturer of Kurio products sold through independent distributors throughout the world.  This Privacy Policy is for Kurio products, Kurio Store and online at Kurioworld.com and is subject to the terms and limitations set forth herein.
Kurio devices are the Ultimate Android™ Devices for Families™ with a reputation for unparalleled parental controls (time management, web filtering, app management and more) facilitating parents’ ability to carefully sculpt suitable access to content by children.
Kurio and the Distributors take the privacy of every child seriously.  We have limited the information we collect, store the information in a secure fashion and only use it for account maintenance, updates and product notices.
CIDE Interactive provides web properties and applications (“CIDE Interactive Property”).  We may use personally identifiable information, such as your name, e-mail address, and other information that can be linked to you as a specific individual (“Personally Identifiable Information”) subject to the terms of this privacy policy.  Please note this policy applies only to Personally Identifiable Information collected by CIDE Interactive online at
www.kurioworld.com
, the Kurio Store or from use of Kurio tablets and devices (collectively referred to as the “CIDE Interactive Properties” or “CIP”), and does not impact Personally Identifiable Information collected or used by CIDE Interactive or its affiliates through other means.
A. What personal information about users does Kurio collect?
The Personally Identifiable Information we learn from our end users helps us personalize and continually improve your experience on the CIPs.  Here are the types of Personally Identifiable Information we gather.
Information You Give Us:  We receive and store any information you enter on CIPs feedback or give us in any other way.  For example, you provide information to us when you search for an app and/or product; place an order through a CIP or one of our third-party distributors or affiliates; register your Kurio tablet or device, provide account or profile information; communicate with us by email; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; provide and rate products or product reviews and access other interactive areas of our site.  As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; information about other users to whom purchases have been sent; content of emails to us; and financial and credit card information.  You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.  We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests; allowing your child to use our tablets, devices and applications safely; customizing future shopping for you; improving our services, product offerings and stores; and communicating with you.  Information may also be aggregated, by which process your Personally Identifying Information is removed, and used in various ways as further described below.
CIDE collects basic demographic information submitted through the parental areas of CIPs that may include items like the gender, age and name of children:  We collect this information in order to create an account for your child to set parental controls over such things as what games they may play, websites they may view, videos they may watch, content filtering settings, and applications they may use and download, and who they are able to connect with.
When you use our Mobile Applications and devices, we automatically collect information such as the serial number and operating system version.  We use this information so that we are able to deliver the correct content to the device and mobile applications.  The information collected about a user’s device may be used in order to identify the appropriate user account for purposes of billing, version management, and other similar account management-related features.
A child’s participation or access to an activity cannot be conditioned on him or her providing more Personal Information than is reasonably necessary for that activity.  All requests for information from Kurio devices shall come from the parental area only.  No information is requested in the child-directed areas of Kurio devices.
Automatic Information:  We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when you access Kurioworld.com or the Kurio Store, or access advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of CIDE Interactive on other Websites.  Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; email address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from the CIP, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.  We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of the CIP for fraud prevention and other purposes.  During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.  Analytic information may be collected by the CIP or a third-party provider.  We do not ask you for, access, or track any location-based information from your device at any time while downloading or using our mobile applications or devices.  We do not allow third party applications to track or access any location-based information from your device when accessing and using them.
Cookies:  Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that may be transferred to your device’s hard drive (or other storage device) through your online interaction to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide certain features, such as maintaining your online session in a “logged-in” state for purposes of product registration and access to account management features, providing of personalized recommendations, storing items in your Shopping Cart between visits and analyzing and enhancing your experience on the CIPs. A cookie gets entered into the “Cookies” folder (or other commonly used storage area for Cookies) on your hard drive (or other storage device) after you close your session, and may be used by your device on subsequent visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most Web browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the essential features of the CIPs, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences and you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any CIP products and services that require you to sign into your account.
Data Analytics:  We use data analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our devices and applications. This software may record information such as how often you use the applications, the events that occur within the applications, aggregated usage, and performance data. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any Personally Identifiable Information you submit within the mobile device or applications.
Information from Other Sources:  We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. For example, we may receive account information, purchase or credit redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, advertising, promotion or other services.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets:  Our Web site may include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, the Share This button, or other interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.  Please note, however, that these Features will not be offered on the child-directed portions of our devices or websites when such areas are controlled by us.
B. What we do with the information we collect.
We will use your Personally Identifiable Information only as permitted by law. We use your information to allow you to search for a product; place an order through the Kurioworld.com website or the Kurio store or one of our third-party affiliates; provide and update account or profile information; provide you a way to purchase, recycle and send back your Kurio tablet or device; communicate with us by e-mail, and complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form.
Aggregated information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. As one example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive. Aggregated information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners, but cannot be used to contact you individually.
We also collect information, including your Personally Identifiable Information, to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content. For example, we may use information collected on a CIDE Interactive Property to communicate with you regarding our Terms of Service and privacy policy, products and services offered by CIDE Interactive and its affiliates and partners, administration of sweepstakes and contests, processing e-commerce transactions and other topics we think you might find of interest.
C. How we share the information we collect with others.
We do not share any personal information on specific users with independent third parties.  We may, however, share personal information about our users, as necessary, with third party service providers that help us run the site or perform certain functions on our behalf.  These providers are prohibited from using any personal information we share with them for their own benefit.
We may also share non-personal information about our users with third parties for partnership and advertising purposes.  Such data is only shared in aggregate to provide partners and advertisers with information on the geographic origin of our users and other basic aggregate information related to our total user base.
Finally, CIDE Interactive may disclose user information, including personal information, in order to respond to a subpoena, court order, law enforcement request, user safety issue, or as otherwise required by law.  Your information may also be transferred to a third party in the event CIDE Interactive files for bankruptcy or is involved in an acquisition, merger, sale, corporate reorganization, bankruptcy proceeding, or other similar event.
D. How do we keep your information secure?
If we store any information you give us, this information is stored in secure operating environments, which include the use of firewall-protected servers.  We also limit access to your account information to employees who have a need to know, and require users to login with their unique login details (i.e., username and password) before granting them access to their account.
Despite these measures, no method of security is 100 percent secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.
E. What types of parental controls do we offer parents?
Parents always have the option to disable their child’s Kurio device or Kurioworld.com or Kurio store account or view or request the deletion of the parent email address associated with the child’s account.  To the extent you submitted or we possess information regarding your child, you may also request that we discontinue further collection or use of your child’s personal information (if we have any on file).  To make any such requests, please use the contact information in the section below.  We may require you to verify your child’s login details (i.e., username and password) and/or send us an email from the parent email account on file before honoring any such requests.
Please note that if you deactivate your child’s account or delete the parent email address associated with your child’s account, these actions may result in the permanent termination of your child’s account, as well as any points or achievements earned under that account.
F. Your choice to opt out.
You can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of CIP features and functionality, and therefore you will be unable to participate in such features and functionality.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your communications preferences. If you do not want to receive notice of changes to Terms Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those notices will still govern your use of the CIP.
To opt out, send an email to
privacy@kurioworld.com
and state “opt out” in the subject line.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the CIP essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to purchase products or use any CIDE Interactive features or functionality that requires you to sign in.
G. Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements.
CIDE Interactive expects its partners, advertisers and third-party affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our sites or devices, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to Kurioworld.com or the Kurio Store you may link to, or view as part of a frame, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through a CIP you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, advertisements, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. CIDE Interactive is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.
While the CIPs may include links to other Websites and mobile applications, CIDE Interactive does not provide any of your Personally Identifiable Information to these third-party web sites or mobile application developers without your consent. While on a CIP, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. These third-party web sites and mobile applications, working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on a CIPs directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads, compile information about where you, or others who have used your computer and seen their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information makes it possible for the ad technology, ad servers and ad networks to deliver targeted advertisements to you on a CIP. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, or the resulting information. CIDE Interactive is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party web sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. Parties that use cookies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting. You may find more information at the Web site of the individual ad network or the Network Advertising Initiative, including information about how to opt-out of their information collection.  Please note, however, that these types of targeted advertisements will not be offered on the child-directed portions of our devices or websites when such areas are controlled by us.
H. Contacting Us
CIDE Interactive can be contacted at:
2 avenue Blaise Pascal
38090 Vaulx-Milieu
France
Tel : +33474990660
Email
support@kurioworld.com
I. Changes to this policy.
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If we make material changes to how we collect, use, or disclose Personal Information collected from children under 13, we will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of the child’s Personal Information.
J. Terms and Conditions for Use of and Access to Kurioworld.com of the Kurio Store.
CIDE Interactive has specific Terms and Conditions for the use of or access to Kurioworld.com and the Kurio Store. The Terms and Conditions can be accessed with
this link
.