NTWRK is owned and operated by Commerce Media Holdings LLC, doing business as NTWRK. NTWRK collects information about visitors and users of our app and other services so we can better serve you. Whether you visit the NTWRK app, buy from one of our shows, use our mobile services or otherwise (all of which we will refer to together as "
NTWRK Services
"), we respect and strive to protect the confidentiality of your personal identifying information and treat that information responsibly. Other than as described in this Privacy Policy, NTWRK does not authorize the selling or renting of your personal information to third-parties for their business purposes.
By using the NTWRK Services, you agree to and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, which is part of the Terms and Conditions governing use of the NTWRK Services. NTWRK may change or add to this Privacy Policy from time to time. When that happens, NTWRK will post the revised Privacy Policy here. Your use of the NTWRK Services after changes to this Privacy Policy have been posted constitutes your knowledge and acceptance of those changes (in other words, that the changes may be applied to the information we collect from and about you). Please do not access or use the NTWRK Services if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
What personal information does NTWRK collect from its customers?
Contact information, such as your name, email address, billing address, shipping address and phone number;
Purchase information, such as the items you purchase, payment method and payment information (for example, your credit or debit card number and information);
Preferences and interests, such as your brand and merchandise preferences, contact and marketing preferences and your hobbies;
Demographic information, such as your gender, date of birth and ZIP code;
Profile and account information, which includes your contact information, purchase history, preferences and interests, your username and password, your apparel size and shoe size, your social media information and other information;
Location information of your device that you use with the NTWRK app, provided that your device settings allow us to collect such location information; and
Device and browsing information, including information about your phone, tablet or other device, and online browsing activity. This may also include IP addresses, unique device identifiers, cookie identifiers, device and browser settings and information, and wireless service provider information. We may also collect information about how and when you access the NTWRK app, including the date, time and duration of each visit to the NTWRK app and what actions you take on the NTWRK app.
How does NTWRK collect this information?
You provide it when you register for an account, make a purchase, contact us, interact with customer service, chat using the NTWRK app chat function, respond to a survey or otherwise;
Automatically from mobile devices, such as information about the location of your mobile device;
Through third-parties, such as service providers that we use, analytics companies, advertising networks, demographic companies, and other third parties that we work with;
NTWRK uses Google Analytics to collect and review user data. For more information, please visit
google.com/policies/privacy/partners
;
The NTWRK Services uses cookies and third-party affiliates such as Google Analytics, will also implement cookies to collect information about users’ activity on the NTWRK Services. A “cookie” is a small text file that the NTWRK Services may place on your computer and/or mobile device as a tool to remember your preferences;
The NTWRK Services may include links to third-party websites or apps that are not affiliated with NTWRK, or such third-party services may link to NTWRK Services. Third-party services may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit your information. The privacy policies of third-parties may be very different from our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third-parties and cannot guarantee the security of any personal information you provide to or is collected by third-parties.
How does NTWRK use information about its customers?
To provide products and services in connection with fulfilling orders, processing payments, maintaining user profiles, and suggest products we think you might be interested in;
To respond to you when you contact customer service, request information or assistance, complete a survey, share comments on the NTWRK app, and enter and/or win sweepstakes and giveaways;
To personalize your shopping experience by remembering your interests and preferences and customizing the products we advertise to you and the content you see;
For analytics, to understand how you use our website and mobile application and to improve, customize, and market our services and content, and for other business purposes;
For lawful business purposes, such as to operate and improve upon our business, to maintain our accounts and records, to communicate with you in order to determine your satisfaction with the NTRWK Services, to detect and prevent fraud and misuse of the NTWRK Services, and for any other business purpose that are permitted by law;
To provide you with customized content, targeted offers, promotions and advertising on the NTWRK Services, through other third-party sites or apps, or via email, text messages, or push notifications offered by NTWRK or other partners that might be of interest to you, including sending you information and newsletters from NTWRK or one of our partners and sending you occasional customer surveys for the purpose of improving our product and service offerings to you; and
To protect the security or integrity of the NTWRK Services and our business, including by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and managing risk exposure.
How does NTWRK share customers' personal information with third-parties?
Within Commerce Media Holding LLC’s current and future affiliated companies;
In order to receive and process your orders and requests, we may provide your personal information to other entities, such as credit card companies and delivery services (for example, American Express, Visa, UPS, and USPS). We also share your information with Shopify and Stripe in order to process your purchases and transactions. If you order a product that is shipped directly from another company or offered by NTWRK in conjunction with another company, we'll share personal information about that order with the other company;
We may use third-parties to perform business functions on our behalf, including customer service, credit review, tax advisory, account servicing, customer research, marketing, IT services, and records maintenance. The third-parties we currently share your information with for these purposes are Google Analytics, Akamai, Batch, Mixpanel, Grow, Amazon Redshift, Amazon Aurora, Sinch, Stitch, Oplyptics and Branch.io. We give these entities access to our customers' personal information to perform these functions for us. We do not authorize them to use that information for any other purpose;
We may share information with parties to certain business transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganizations, divestitures, dissolutions, bankruptcies, liquidations, or other types of business transactions. In connection with these transactions, personal information may be shared, sold or transferred, and it may subsequently be used by a third party;
Some of the NTWRK Services may be provided to you in association with third-parties, such as companies that provide products and services, conduct joint sales programs, sweepstakes, promotional campaigns, and other jointly sponsored events. NTWRK may share your information directly with any such third-party(ies) for that third-party(ies) to fulfill products and services directly with you and/or advertise, promote and market directly to you;
NTWRK may share your information with select partners, affiliates, and other third parties that we believe may have offers or be of interest to you;
NTWRK may transfer and/or disclose the information we receive from and about you to comply with a legal obligation, to provide information to law enforcement and other governmental authorities in accordance with applicable law, and when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. We also reserve the right to share information with legal authorities and other companies for fraud protection and credit risk reduction, to detect any technical or security vulnerabilities, to enforce our Terms and Conditions or other applicable policies, or to otherwise protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third-parties, users of the NTWRK Services, NTWRK, or the public.
How does NTWRK share other kinds of information about its customers with third-parties?
We may share, disclose or sell non-identifiable aggregate or anonymous information with our affiliates, agents, service providers, business partners, or any other third-parties for their marketing or analytics uses or for other lawful purposes. This type of non-identifiable and aggregate information cannot be used to identify you personally.
How can users check or change the information NTWRK collects from or about them?
While you cannot access or change the nonpersonal information that NTWRK collects, you can review your personal profile on the NTWRK app and correct or update it by sending a request to
support@thentwrk.com
. You can also subscribe to or unsubscribe from NTWRK emails, newsletters and text messages by submitting a “Support” request through the main menu of the NTWRK App and/or contacting
support@thentwrk.com
. You can also opt out of marketing or advertising emails by utilizing the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in advertising or marketing emails you receive from us. You can opt out of push notifications by selecting the appropriate setting directly on your mobile device. For any questions regarding how to subscribe or unsubscribe from NTWRK emails, newsletters, push notifications and text messages, please contact
support@thentwrk.com
. We are happy to assist you with any of the above.
How can users submit a Privacy Request to either Download or Delete their personal data?
We need your name and email address in order to process your request and safeguard your data. We will use the data gathered here only to process your request and for record-keeping as required by law. You will receive an email to verify your address. Follow the instructions you will receive to complete processing of your request.
https://preferences.thentwrk.com/privacy
Opt-out of sale / sharing / targeted advertising
You can request that we not sell your Personal Information by clicking by filling out our form
here.
For purposes of this Policy, “sell,” “sharing,” and “targeted advertising” have the meanings set forth under applicable law, and are subject to certain exceptions.
https://preferences.thentwrk.
com/optout
Does NTWRK collect personal information from children?
The NTWRK Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not direct the NTWRK Services to, nor do we knowingly solicit or collect information from anyone who tells us that he or she is under 13 years of age. If NTWRK learns that a child under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information to the NTWRK Services, it will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files.  Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that you can use to prevent your children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.
Security and Fraud
We take steps to help protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information that you share with us through the NTWRK Services. Although we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of your personal information, we recommend the following steps to help protect your information:
Review your account and report any unexpected activity or information, and/or any unauthorized purchases;
Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses;
Create and use complex passwords to access the NTWRK Services;
Do not share your password for the NTWRK Services with anyone else; and
Password protect your computer and your mobile device.
We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your information against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration. Some of the safeguards we use to protect your information are firewalls and data encryption, and information access controls. If you know or have reason to believe that your account information has been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your account, please contact us at support@thentwrk.com.
For how long and where is my data stored?
Your personal information may be stored for as long as is reasonably necessary to perform the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, as necessary for our legitimate business purposes, or as required or authorized by law. Personal information that is no longer required to fulfill the identified purposes will be destroyed, erased or made de-identified or anonymous.
Your personal information is subject to the laws of the United States. The servers and databases in which information may be stored may be located outside the country from which you accessed the Services and in a country where the data protection and other laws may differ from your country of residence. Your personal information may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities or to respond to judicial process in the countries in which we operate. You consent to any such cross-border transfer of your personal information.
What if I live outside of the United States?
Our digital operations are conducted, in whole or in part, in the United States, and are subject to United States laws, including those governing privacy and data security, and we will protect your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of where you live, you consent to have your personal data transferred, processed and stored outside of the country where you are located, including in the United States, and allow NTWRK to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Certain countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you are located and such information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and as applicable in such foreign jurisdictions. You consent to any such cross-border transfer of your personal information.
Who do I contact if I have additional questions or concerns about this policy? How do I lodge complaints?
Please contact support@thentwrk.com if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy practices, unsubscribing or the way we handle your personal information. To the extent you believe we have not addressed your concerns or otherwise choose to do so, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the country where you reside and/or the United States. You may contact the US Federal Trade Commission regarding your concerns. For more information, please see
https://www.ftc.gov/faq/consumer-protection/submit-consumer-complaint-ftc
.
What are my California Privacy Rights?
If you are a California resident, you may request information about NTWRK’s disclosure of personal information to third-parties or affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please submit a written request to the following email address specifying that you want a copy of NTWRK’s "California Privacy Rights" notice: legal@theNTWRK.com. Please include "Attn: California Privacy" in the subject line. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. Please allow up to 30 days for us to process your request. You may submit such a request once per year.
Non-affiliated third-parties are independent from NTWRK and if you wish to receive information about your disclosure choices or stop communications from such third-parties, please contact those non-affiliated third-parties directly.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://preferences.thentwrk.com/privacy:
Your connection is not private
Attackers might be trying to steal your information from
preferences.thentwrk.com
(for example, passwords, messages, or credit cards).
Learn more about this warning
net::ERR_CERT_COMMON_NAME_INVALID
Subject:
*.datagrail.io
Issuer:
Amazon RSA 2048 M03
Expires on:
Sep 21, 2025
Current date:
Mar 20, 2025
PEM encoded chain:
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
Certificate Transparency:
SCT Google 'Xenon2025h2' log (Embedded in certificate, Verified)
SCT DigiCert Yeti2025 Log (Embedded in certificate, Verified)
SCT Cloudflare 'Nimbus2025' (Embedded in certificate, Verified)
Warnings may be common while websites update their security. This should improve soon.
Help improve security on the web for everyone by sending
URLs of some pages you visit, limited system information, and some page content
to Google.
Privacy policy
Turn on enhanced protection
to get Chrome's highest level of security
Back to safety
Advanced
This server could not prove that it is
preferences.thentwrk.com
; its security certificate is from
*.datagrail.io
. This may be caused by a misconfiguration or an attacker intercepting your connection.
Proceed to preferences.thentwrk.com (unsafe)