Home
About
Support
Addagrams Privacy Policy
Last modified: December 1, 2022
Introduction
ONE TON MAN, LLC ("
Company
" or "
We
") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting
                it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes:
The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you download, install, register
                    with, access, or use the Addagrams application (the "
App
") or the Addagrams website available
                    at www.addagrams.com (the "
Website
") (collectively the "
Services
").
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to information we collect in the Services and in email, text, and other
                electronic communications sent through or in connection with the Services.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:
We collect offline or on any other Company apps or websites, including websites you may access
                    through the Services.
You provide to or is collected by any third party (see Third-Party Information Collection).
Our websites and apps, and these other third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we
                encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and
                how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register
                with, or use the Services. By downloading, registering with, or using the Services, you agree to this
                privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your
                continued use of the Services after we revise this policy means you accept those changes, so please
                check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
The Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect
                personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal
                information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that
                information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact
                us at
help@addagrams.com
.
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale
                of their personal information. Please see the Your California Privacy Rights section for more
                information.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We collect information from and about users of our Services:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically when you use the Services.
From other sources such as third parties, other players, and social media.
Information You Provide to Us
When you download, register with, or use the Services, we may
            ask you provide information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address, telephone
                    number, IP address, unique device ID, or any other information the Services collect that is defined
                    as personal or personally identifiable information under an applicable law, any other identifier by
                    which you may be contacted online or offline ("
Personal Information
").
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as IP address or unique device ID.
This information includes:
Information that you provide by filling in forms in the Services. This includes information provided
                    at the time of registering to use the Services, subscribing to our service, posting material, and
                    requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the
                    Services.
Records and copies of your correspondence, including email addresses and phone numbers, if you
                    contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for feedback purposes.
You may also provide information for publication or display ("
Posted
") on public areas of the app
                or websites you access through the Services (collectively, "
User Contributions
"). Your User
                Contributions are Posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain
                privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no
                security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of third
                parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not
                guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Automatic Information Collection and Tracking
When you download, access, and use the Services,
            they may use technology to automatically collect:
Usage Details.
When you access and use the Services, we may automatically collect certain
                    details of
                    your access to and use of the Services, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other
                    communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the Services.
Device Information.
We may collect information about your mobile device and internet
                    connection,
                    including the device's unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile
                    network information, and the device's telephone number.
Stored Information and Files.
The Services also may access metadata and other information
                    associated
                    with other files stored on your device. This may include, for example, photographs, audio and video
                    clips, personal contacts, and address book information.
Location Information.
The Services do not collect real-time information about the location of
                    your
                    device.
If you do not want us to collect this information, do not use the Website and do not download the App or
                delete it from your device.
Some apps and/or Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do No Track" signals to the servers or
                online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do No Track" or similar signals. To find
                out more about "Do Not Track," please visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
Information Collection and Tracking Technologies
The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:
Cookies (or mobile cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on your
                    smartphone or computer. It is possible to refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate
                    setting
                    on your smartphone or web browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access
                    certain parts of our Services.
Log Data.
In a case of an error in the App, the App collects data and
                    information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include
                    information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system
                    version,
                    the configuration of the App when utilizing the App, the time and date of your use of the App, and
                    other
                    statistics.
Third-Party Information Collection
When you use the Services or their content, certain third parties may use automatic information
                collection technologies to collect information about you or your
                device. These third parties may include:
Analytics companies.
Your mobile device manufacturer.
Your mobile service provider.
Our business partners.
These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use this app.
                The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect
                information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different
                websites, apps, and other online services websites. They may use this information to provide you with
                interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third
                parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement
                or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about
                how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Your Choices About Our
                Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Information section.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal
                information, to:
Create your account and allow access to our Services.
Operate our Services.
Improve our Services.
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services.
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.
Provide and deliver products and services you request.
Send you related information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts,
                    and support and administrative messages.
Conduct and administer surveys, user research projects, competitions and promotional events that you
                    participate in.
Prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Service.
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide personal information.
The usage information we collect helps us to improve our Services and to deliver a better and more
                personalized experience by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our App according to your
                    individual interests.
Recognize you when you use the Services.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties' goods and services that
                may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please notify us
                at
help@addagrams.com
. For more information, see
                Your Choices
                About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure
                of Your Information.
We may use the information we collect to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.
                Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you
                click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target
                criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any
                individual or device, without restriction.
In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who
                    are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for
                    the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization,
                    dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of ONE TON MAN, LLC's assets, whether as a
                    going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal
                    information held by ONE TON MAN, LLC about our Services’ users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these
                    disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential
                    and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. For more information, see Your
                    Choices About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Information section.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use
                    the "Join the Addagrams Community" feature of our Services, we will transmit the contents of that
                    email to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or
                    regliatory request.
To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including the App
                    End-User License Agreement.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of
                    ONE TON MAN, LLC, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies
                    and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your Choices About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. This section
                describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of over your
                information.
Tracking Technologies.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies,
                    or to alert you when cookies are being sent for the Website. You can choose whether or not to allow
                    the App
                    to collect information through other tracking technologies by deleting the App. If you disable or
                    refuse
                    cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies, some parts of the Services may then be
                    inaccessible
                    or not function properly.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve
                interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have
                your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members
                of the Network Advertising Initiative ("
NAI
") on the NAI's website.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your State
                Privacy Rights section Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
You may send us an email at
help@addagrams.com
to
                request access
                to, correct, or delete any personal
                information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also
                deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the
                change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Services, copies of your User Contributions may remain
                viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other users of the
                Services. Proper access and use of information provided on the Services, including User Contributions,
                is governed by our Terms of Service.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your
                California Privacy Rights section for more information.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use
                of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit CCPA Privacy
                Notice for California Residents.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from
                unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. We urge you to be careful about giving
                out information in public areas of the Services like message boards or leaderboards. The information you
                share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Services.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely
                secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security
                of your personal information transmitted through our Services. Any transmission of personal information
                is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security
                measures we provide.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our
                users' personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page with a notice that the
                privacy policy has been updated.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible
                for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
help@addagrams.com
.
Privacy Policy
| © One Ton Man 2022 |
Terms of Service
Play for Android
Play for Apple