Privacy Notice
Deutsche Post AG and its subsidiaries operating under the brand DHL (hereinafter called 'DHL') is pleased that you have visited our website and are interested in our company, products and services. It is important to us to protect your personal data during handling throughout the entire business process.
Contact DHL Data Protection
|
Manage Cookie Settings
In the following, we explain what information DHL collects when you visit our website and how this information is used.
Jump To
Personal Data
How We Use Your Data
Who Processes Your Data
What Are My Data Rights?
Divisional Privacy Notices
Scope of this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to all users of our services, websites, applications, features or other services anywhere in the world, unless covered by a separate Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice applies to the following categories of individuals:
Shippers: shippers, including their employees, or individuals who send a shipment
Shipment receivers: any individual who receives a shipment
Persons showing interest in us and our services
Business partners: business partners, including their employees
Employment candidates: individuals that apply for a job with us
All the above subjects are referred to as "you" or "your".
Personal Data
Jump To
What is Personal Data?
Who is Responsible?
Types of Data We Process
What is Personal Data?
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. This includes information such as your real name, address, telephone number and date of birth. Information which cannot be linked to your real identity - such as favorite websites or number of users of a site - is not considered personal data.
Who is Responsible?
This Privacy Notice applies for the data processing carried out by:
Deutsche Post AG
Charles-de-Gaulle-Str. 20
53113 Bonn
Germany
Data Protection Officer of controller, contact details:
Deutsche Post AG
Global Data Protection
53250 Bonn
If you have queries with regard to the processing of your personal data, please contact the Data Protection Officer.
If you have any further queries regarding data protection in connection with our website or services offered there,
please contact DHL data protection.
Types of Data We Process
We only process your personal data when required for a specific and allowed purpose.
Contact Data
Information to contact you e.g. when you use one of our services. Such as: your name, phone number, address, email address
Profile Data
Information on your DHL profile e.g. to set your delivery preferences. Such as: your delivery preferences, order
Shipment Data
Information enabling the pick-up and delivery of your shipment e.g. status of your shipment. Such as: your address, shipment documents, shipment no.
Survey Data
Information communicated by you to one of our employees or by filling in an online survey e.g. when you call our customer service. Such as: your name, email, phone number
How We Use Your Data
What are the purposes of and the legal basis for the processing of personal data?
Jump To
Visiting our Website
Use of Cookies
Social Media
Use of Google Maps
Performance of a Contract
Visiting our Website
DHL is committed to preserving the privacy of users of our websites. When you visit our web pages, The following data are collected: IP address, hostname of the accessing computer, website from which you accessed this website, a list of the sites you visited within the scope of our overall Internet presence, the date and duration of your visit, notification of whether the visit was successful, volume of data transferred, information about the identification data of the browser type and operating system used by you. Temporary storage of this data is necessary during your visit to the website in order to allow the website to be delivered to you. Further storage in log files is performed to ensure the functionality of the website and the security of our IT systems. The legal basis for the processing of the aforementioned data categories is therefore Art. 6 (1) (f) of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Due to the said purposes, in particular to guarantee security and a smooth connection setup, we have a legitimate interest to process this data.
Additional personal information such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address is not collected unless you provide this data voluntarily, e.g. while completing an online contact form, as part of a registration, survey, competition or an information request.
The data are deleted as soon as they are no longer needed to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For the provision of the website, this is the case when the session terminates. The log files (access logs) are kept for administrators to access directly and exclusively for a period of 24 hours. After that, they are only available indirectly through a restore from backup tapes and are permanently deleted after 30 days.
As far as you have enabled geo localization functions in your browser, respectively in your operating system we will use this data to offer you location-based services (e.g. location of the nearest branch, packing station etc.). The legal basis for geo-localization is your consent according Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR by enabling the respective function. We will not use this data for any other purpose. If you disable this function your data will be deleted in due time.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies and similar technologies, (hereafter “technologies”), which enable us, for example, to determine how frequently our internet pages are visited, the number of visitors, to configure our offers for maximum convenience and efficiency and to support our marketing efforts.
When you access our website, a
Privacy Preference Center
will inform you that technically necessary cookies are set and, in addition, that your consent is required to the use of certain technologies, such as analytical cookies or similar technologies.
The processing of data by means of technically necessary cookies is based on our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR to ensure that you can use our website the best possible way, to ensure that our website operates correctly and to guarantee an convenient and undisturbed user experience. These kinds of cookies are stored exclusively for the duration of your visit to our website. They are automatically deleted when you close your browser.
In addition, you will be informed via the
Privacy Preference Center
that we use other technologies (performance, functional or analytics technologies) for storing information about visitors who repeatedly access one of our internet pages. The purpose of using these technologies is to be able to offer you optimal user guidance as well as to "recognize" you and thus be able to present (as much as possible) diversified internet pages and new contents during repeated use.
These technologies will only be processed on the basis of your prior given consent according to Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR.
You will find more information under the
Privacy Preference Center
including the option to revoke a given consent.
Notwithstanding the information in the Preference Center, and only if you have consented to the use of cookies and other technologies as described above, we also use them for the purposes described below.
Social Media
Use of Google Maps
We offer you an improved user experience on this website by integrating Google Maps as part of the DHL Finder. With the DHL Finder you can search for our branches, Packstations and parcel shops, which are displayed on a Google Maps map. The use of Google Maps may indicate a transfer of personal data to the United States of America. The USA is not considered by the European Court of Justice to have an adequate level of data protection. In particular, there is a risk that your data may be subject to access by U.S. authorities for control and monitoring purposes and that no effective legal remedies are available. This data transfer will not occur without your prior knowledge or agreement. We will ask for your explicit consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a GDPR in conjunction with Art. 49 (1) a) GDPR before Google Maps are activated and data is transferred to the USA. We have no influence on the further data processing by Google (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). We refer to the Privacy Policy of Google. Your consent will be asked again each time you visit the website. Of course you can also get information about DHL locations without using Google Maps.
Performance of a Contract
For pre-contractual and contractual reasons, we also need personal data to provide our services and comply with the obligations arising from contractual agreements concluded with you.
On dhl.com we offer the following services:
Further information on data protection in specific services and products is available at the relevant divisional Customer Portal and / or the respective local privacy notice.
Visit our customer portal page
.
Who Processes Your Data
Jump To
Processing for Advertising Purposes
Data Retention and Third Parties
Jobs and Careers at Deutsche Post and DHL
Processing for Advertising Purposes
When you visit our web page we offer you a broad variety of information about DHL, about our products, services and events. In particular you can get information about our:
Data Retention and Third Parties
For pre-contractual and contractual reasons, we also need personal data to provide our services and comply with the obligations arising from contractual agreements concluded with you.
How Long We Keep Your Data
We will keep your data for as long as necessary to fulfill our purposes, to execute our contracts and to comply with any legal obligation. The retention period may differ per country based on applicable country laws.
We continuously strive to minimize the retention period of data where the purpose, the law or contracts allows us to do so. The data that we collect based on your consent will be kept until you withdraw your consent.
Will My Data Be Passed On?
DHL does not share, sell, transfer or otherwise disseminate your personal data to third parties and will not do so in future, unless required by law, unless required for the purpose of the contract or unless you have given explicit consent to do so. For instance, it may be necessary to pass on your address and order data to our contractors when you order products. Further information on data protection in specific services and products is available at the relevant
Customer Portal
.
However, in the context of the data processing as described in this Privacy Notice and the respective legal basis given, DHL will transfer your data to the following categories of recipients:
DHL Group companies: transfer is required within the DHL Group, its legal entities and shared service centers to provide and improve our products and services (e. g. our Get a Quote or Frequent Shipment Services). Transfers can also occur to manage our relationship with you, to identify you, to answer your requests and to comply with your privacy rights.
Third party business partners: The transfer to third party business partners is limited to what is required by applicable law and / or in order to fulfill our contractual obligations.
Third party processors: which process data are contractually obliged to maintain strict confidentiality as per Art. 28 GDPR. DHL retains responsibility for safeguarding your personal data in such circumstances. The business partners follow the instructions of DHL, and this is guaranteed by technical and organizational measures, as well as by means of checks and controls.
Public authorities: transfer is required by applicable law (e.g. to fulfil a legal obligation during shipment processing).
Your data is only transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to other DHL Group companies, third party business partners or public authorities when permitted by applicable data protection law. In such cases, we will make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure the transfer of your data (e.g. our
binding corporate rules
, standard contractual clauses).
Jobs and Careers at Deutsche Post and DHL
Career opportunities within DHL Group are as diverse as our teams all over the world. With approximately 594,000 employees in over 220 countries, we connect people, improving their lives. If you would like to apply for one of our open jobs you will find more information at
careers.dhl.com
What Are My Data Rights?
You have the following rights:
You can request information as to what personal data is stored
You can request that we correct, delete or block your personal data provided these actions are permitted by law and in compliance with existing contractual conditions.
You can request to receive personal data you have provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
You may lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
Find your data protection authority
Right to Obtain
You can obtain your information by contacting data protection here:
DHL Data Protection
.
Right to Object
The right to object applies for all processing of personal data which is based on Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR .
Right to Withdraw Your Consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent with effect for the future at any time.
To exercise your right, simply get in touch with us by using the contact details mentioned above under "Who is Responsible" or
contact DHL Data Protection
.
How About Data Security?
DHL takes the security of your data very seriously. We have implemented various strategies, controls, policies and measures to keep your data secure. We keep our security measures under close review. We use safeguards such as firewalls, network intrusion systems, and application monitoring. Where appropriate, we secure your data by using pseudonymization and encryption techniques when storing and transferring your data. For instance, your data is saved in a secure operating environment which is not accessible to the public. In certain cases, your personal data is encrypted by Secure Socket Layer technology (SSL) during transmission. This means that an approved encryption procedure is used for communication between your computer and the DHL servers if your browser supports SSL. We ensure that there are strict physical access controls in our buildings and certified data centers.
As a part of our security strategy, we have set up auditing programs to make sure that our systems and services comply with the DHL information security policy, and by extension the ISO 27001 standard.
In addition, we are taking a number of ongoing measures to reduce risk, such as (but not limited to) training our employees regularly and organizing incident simulation exercises by our Cyber Defense Center.
Should you wish to contact DHL by e-mail or contact forms, we would like to point out that the confidentiality of the information sent cannot be guaranteed. The contents of (e-mail) messages can be read by third parties. We therefore recommend you send us confidential information only by post.
Where Do I Find Service Specific Information Regarding the Processing of Personal Data?
Further information on data protection in specific services and products is available at the relevant
Customer Portal
.
DHL Group Data Privacy Policy
The "DHL Group Data Privacy Policy" regulates the Group-wide standards for data processing with a special focus on so-called third country transfers, meaning transfers of personal data to countries outside the EU, which do not have an adequate level of data protection. If you are interested in learning more about the "DHL Group Data Privacy Policy", please download the following document:
DHL Group Data Privacy Policy
PDF
(193.2 KB)
Divisional Privacy Notices
DHL Express
Express Privacy Notice
PDF
(429.1 KB)
DHL Supply Chain
Visit DHL Supply Chain Privacy Notice
PDF
(161.7 KB)
Medallia Survey Privacy Notice
PDF
(50.5 KB)
DHL eCommerce
DHL eCommerce Survey - Privacy Notice - English
PDF
(67.4 KB)
DHL eCommerce Survey - Privacy Notice - French
PDF
(192.4 KB)
DHL eCommerce Survey - Privacy Notice - German
PDF
(69.4 KB)
DHL eCommerce Survey - Privacy Notice - Italian
PDF
(192.2 KB)
DHL eCommerce Survey - Privacy Notice - Portuguese
PDF
(192.3 KB)
DHL eCommerce Survey - Privacy Notice - Spanish
PDF
(191.5 KB)
Changes to Privacy Notice
DHL reserves the right to change its Privacy Notice at any time with or without prior notice. Please check back frequently to be informed of any changes. By using DHL's websites you agree to this Privacy Notice.
This statement was last updated on: 03/06/2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/global/core/documents/pdf/glo-dhl-privacy-policy.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/global/dhl-express/documents/pdf/g0-en-express-privacy-notice-v1_2c.pdf:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/global/core/documents/pdf/glo-dsc-seismic-privacy-notice-v1.pdf:

Sub-policy 3
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/global/core/documents/pdf/g0-medallia-survey-privacy-notice.pdf:

Sub-policy 4
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/global/core/documents/pdf/g0-en-ecs-forsta-survey-privacy-notice.pdf:

Sub-policy 5
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/global/dhl-ecommerce/documents/pdf/global-fr-ecs-forsta-survey-privacy-notice.pdf:

Sub-policy 6
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/global/dhl-ecommerce/documents/pdf/global-de-ecs-forsta-survey-privacy-notice.pdf:

Sub-policy 7
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/global/dhl-ecommerce/documents/pdf/global-it-ecs-forsta-survey-privacy-notice.pdf:

Sub-policy 8
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/global/dhl-ecommerce/documents/pdf/global-pt-ecs-forsta-survey-privacy-notice.pdf:

Sub-policy 9
https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/global/dhl-ecommerce/documents/pdf/global-es-ecs-forsta-survey-privacy-notice.pdf:
