Home
Games
Solitaire rules
Contact us
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and take privacy issues very seriously.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
You can be sure that we do everything possible to protect your privacy. No personal data is collected for storage by us. The information we have about your browser/device is necessary for you to use our services as intended. We do not share information about our users.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Our mobile apps use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by our apps
Google Play Services
Unity
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error we collect data and information (through third party products) on your browser/device called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your browser/device IP address, device name, operating system version, configuration when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.