Privacy Policy
Who we are
We are ShareMob LLC (referred to as “we” or “us” or “our”). We are the providers of mobile application software (referred to as our “Apps”), available on the Apple App Store or Google Play (“App Site”).
Introduction
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy (referred to as the “Policy”) applies to your use of our apps on your mobile device (“Device”). This Policy sets out the basis on which, any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us, as data controller.
Third party links
Our App may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of advertisers, affiliates and other third parties, including social media sites. Please note that these websites and any services that may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any personal data that may be collected through these websites or services. You should check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or use these services.
Third party ad serving technology
Our apps may incorporate third-party dynamic in-App advertisement serving technology which enables advertising to be temporarily uploaded into our apps on your mobile device and replaced while you are online. When you use our apps, we or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may collect and use the information as specified in the Policy. We may partner from time to time with third-party advertising providers and each App might use one or more of them simultaneously.
The personal data we collect about you
Information you give us
We will only collect personal information, such as your email address, name and telephone number, if you contact us by email and provide that information to us. We use this information to communicate with you to respond to your queries, complaints and requests by email or telephone. It is necessary for us to collect this information for the purposes of the performance of a contract with you and for our legitimate interests (to respond to your queries). If you contact us, we will keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also collect the results of any surveys that you undertake to improve our App. This is necessary for our legitimate interests (to assess and improve our App).
Information we collect about you and your Device
We collect your mobile advertising ID such as a Google Advertising ID (GAID) or an Apple Advertising Identifier (IDFA). We collect this information to keep track of your subscription status, and to decide which information to show in our apps. It is necessary for us to collect this information for our legitimate interests (to serve the correct content to you based on your subscription status). You can remove this by resetting advertising ID on Android or limiting ad tracking on your Apple device.
Our Apps may also require access to your microphone, camera and/or photo library in order for the apps to create content. This data is never collected by us or any third party, unless you opt-in to share your content publicly (this is turned off by default).
If you have Face Tracking turned on, we use face recognition technology to track the movement of your face. This data is not stored by us or any third party, except as resulting animated content, which you can choose to share or not as described above.
Our apps also make use of automatically collected information using the TrueDepth API provided by Apple. The only use of this information is to provide valuable user features. None of the information collected by the TrueDepth API is collected or stored by us.
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data by law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may receive aggregated information about the demographic of our users, such as age ranges.
Data security
All information you provide to us is stored securely. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
We will only keep data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for. At the end of that period, data will be deleted unless it has been anonymised. We may anonymise your data so that it can no longer be associated with you. In this case, we may use this information indefinitely without further notice you.
Your legal rights
If you are unhappy with our processing of your personal data, you have the right to make complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”). The ICO’s contact details are available here: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/. We would appreciate if you could contact us on the details below, to allow us the chance to deal with any concerns prior to you contacting the ICO.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us using the details set out below.
Full name of legal entity: Sharemob LLC
Email address: support@sharemob.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any changes that we may make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you when you next start one of our apps.