Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
6
Loading…
{"id": "1Z_jsMDkXa80gs3Md5JFmlIMo-17Dcchm", "title": "www.gunners.com Privacy Policy (6 March 2018).doc", "mimeType": "application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document"}
Page 1 of 6
www.gunners.com Terms of Use &amp; Privacy Policy (6 March 2018) 1
Privacy Policy
www.gunners.com
We are completely independent and have no association whatsoever to Arsenal
Football Club.
BACKGROUND
www.gunners.com understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about
how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of
everyone who visits the website or uses the Apps, www.gunners.com (“Our Site”) and will
only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is
consistent with Our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. You will be
required to read and accept this Privacy Policy when signing up for an Account. If you do not
accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account” means an account required to access and/or use
certain areas and features of Our Site;
“Cookie” means a small text file placed on your computer or
device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our
Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site;
“Cookie Law” means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic
Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
“personal data” means any and all data that relates to an identifiable
person who can be directly or indirectly identified from
that data. In this case, it means personal data that you
give to Us via Our Site. This definition shall, where
applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the
EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data
Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and
“We/Us/Our” means www.gunners.com of 319a Hornchurch Road,
Hornchurch, RM12 4TQ, United Kingdom.
2. Information About Us
Our Site is operated by www.gunners.com whose main trading address is 319a
Hornchurch Road, Hornchurch, RM12 4TQ, United Kingdom.
3. What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other
websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected,
stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of
any such websites before providing any data to them.
4. Your Rights
4.1 As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this
Page 2 of 6
www.gunners.com Terms of Use &amp; Privacy Policy (6 March 2018) 2
Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
4.1.1 The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;
4.1.2 The right of access to the personal data We hold about you (see
section 11);
4.1.3 The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is
inaccurate or incomplete (please contact Us using the details in section
13);
4.1.4 The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any
personal data We hold about you (We only hold your personal data for
a limited time, as explained in section 6 but if you would like Us to
delete it sooner, please contact Us using the details in section 13);
4.1.5 The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
4.1.6 The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to
re-use with another service or organisation);
4.1.7 The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular
purposes; and
4.1.8 Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
4.2 If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data,
please contact Us using the details provided in section 13 and We will do Our
best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the
right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information
Commissioner’s Office.
4.3 For further information about your rights, please contact the Information
Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
5. What Data Do We Collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following personal
and non-personal data (please also see section 12 on Our use of Cookies and similar
technologies):
5.1 First name / Last name;
5.2 gender;
5.3 date of birth;
5.4 mobile phone number;
5.5 email address;
5.6 international team supported;
5.7 password;
5.8 promo code;
5.9 financial information such as credit / debit card numbers;
5.10 IP address;
5.11 web browser type and version;
5.12 operating system;
5.13 a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the
site you exit to;
Page 3 of 6
www.gunners.com Terms of Use &amp; Privacy Policy (6 March 2018) 3
6. How Do We Use Your Data?
6.1 All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is
necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will
comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all
times. For more details on security see section 7, below.
6.2 Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because
it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have
consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or
because it is in Our legitimate interests. Specifically, We may use your data for
the following purposes:
6.2.1 Providing and managing your Account;
6.2.2 Providing and managing your access to Our Site;
6.2.3 Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
6.2.4 Supplying Our Chat and/or email services to you (please note that We
require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you);
6.2.5 Replying to emails from you;
6.2.6 Market research;
6.2.7 Analysing your use of Our Site and gathering feedback to enable Us to
continually improve Our Site and your user experience;
6.3 With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your
data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email and/or
telephone and/or text message and/or post with information, news and offers
on Our products and services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited
marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully
protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the
Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
6.4 You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at
any time, and to request that We delete it.
7. How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
7.1 We only keep your personal data for as long as We need to in order to use it
as described above in section 6, and/or for as long as We have your
permission to keep it.
6.2 Some or all of your data may be stored outside of the European Economic
Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway,
Iceland, and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by
using Our Site and submitting information to Us. If We do store data outside
the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated
as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR.
6.3 Data security is very important to Us, and to protect your data We have taken
suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.
7. Do We Share Your Data?
8.1 We may share your data with other companies in Our group, this includes Our
subsidiaries and Our holding company and its subsidiaries.
8.2 We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services
to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of
www.gunners.com Privacy Policy (6 March 2018).doc
www.gunners.com Privacy Policy (6 March 2018).doc
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying www.gunners.com Privacy Policy (6 March 2018).doc. Page 1 of 6