Tripsy
Pricing
Press Kit
Support
Get Tripsy
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy used for Tripsy iOS application.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our app, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address and your name to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you or enter information on our app.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To send periodic emails regarding use of our services, or announcements of new services.
Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to First Name, Last Name and Email Address. The information that we request is collected by us so we can provide a personalised experience.
How do we protect your information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All payments are handle by Apple and are not stored or processed on our servers.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information or Non-Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
Within 7 business days We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at support@tripsy.app
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
And we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email us.
Changes to This Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes here, on our Privacy Policy Page and update the modification date below.
2018-09-15:
First version.
2019-05-11:
Removed Fabric from the third-party tracking services.
2019-09-19:
Wording adjustments.
2019-10-01:
Added Firebase policy link.
2021-06-21:
Removed Firebase policy link.
2023-09-19:
Updated Third-Party Disclosure.