Multiple Choices
The document name you requested (
/privacy
) could not be found on this server.
However, we found documents with names similar to the one you requested.
Available documents:
/privacy.html
(common basename)
Apache/2.4.63 Server at trinitylive.tcd.ie Port 443
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://trinitylive.tcd.ie/privacy.html:
‘Trinity Live’ App: Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy
      Statement
Production App, Version 1.7
09
th
October 2020
Terms and Conditions of Use
This system is the property of Trinity College Dublin
This system is for use by authorised students or staff of the University
      of Dublin Trinity College only, all other access is prohibited.
All actions within this system may be monitored and logged by IT Services
IT Services reserves the right to monitor activity and revoke access to
      this system
All authorised users of the system must comply with the
College Code of Conduct
and all relevant
Security
and
      operational policies
Authorised users must not engage in any act on this system which breaches
      any published
College Policies
or Irish
      Law
Access to this system has been granted to you for your sole use. You must
      not provide access to the system to any other individual or group
Users will at all times be held responsible for any activities which occur
      on this system using the unique user account assigned to them
Users are solely responsible for ensuring that any username(s) and
      password(s) that they are granted remain confidential and are not used by
      unauthorised individuals.
Access to the system has been granted for the following purpose(s):
To allow you to obtain your Trinity ID in digital format;
To allow you to view your lecture timetable (students only);
To provide you with wayfinding services for your university lecture
      events;
To allow you to receive notices from the University;
To allow you to view your provisional or final exam results when these
      results are available (students only);
To allow you to view room timetables;
To allow you to "view busyness" information for specific areas within the
      University.
To allow you to obtain your tutor’s contact information (students
      only);
To allow you to access Trinity College Dublin Library checkouts, fees and
      reserves;
To make a daily Covid-19 declaration if you are on a course that has this
      requirement (relevant students only).
All other actions are prohibited.
Users must not attempt to remove/copy data from the system without the
      express permission of the University.
When logged into the system users should ensure that they do not leave
      their connecting device unattended or unlocked
Devices that are used to display data in this system should be located in
      such a way that confidential information is not displayed to unauthorised
      persons or the general public.
All devices used to connect to this system should be protected from
      malware by up-to-date anti-virus software.
Any suspected security breaches or other incidents must be reported
      immediately to the Trinity College Dublin IT Security Manager.
Privacy Statement
Introduction
This is a statement about the operation of the Trinity Live mobile
    application, created by Trinity College Dublin, The University of Dublin
    (the "University") of College Green, Dublin 2, Ireland in connection with
    the capture of personal data by this application and the steps taken by the
    University to respect your privacy.
The University fully respects your right to privacy and actively seeks to
    preserve the privacy rights of those who share information with the
    University. Any personal information which you volunteer to the University
    will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality,
    in accordance with Irish and European Data Protection legislation. We
    process your personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection
    Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and the Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2018.
The privacy notice explains the following
How we collect and use your personal data
The purpose and legal basis for collecting your personal data
How we store and secure personal data
Details of third parties which we share personal data with
Your rights under data protection law
For a detailed statement of the practices of Trinity College Dublin in
    connection with the processing of your personal data see
http://www.tcd.ie/privacy/
How we use your personal data
The data we collect from you will be used by the University only in
    accordance with the purposes outlined in this privacy notice. We will
    collect your data in the following manner:
When you input your college username and password the application will
      access relevant details about you from current University records
When you input your Covid-19 daily status for courses with placement
      (select students only), the application will share this status information
      with specific individuals in the University.  Depending on your
      placement (course) it may also share this status information with specific
      individuals in your placement organisation and/or the Health Service
      Executive and with staff in College Health.  Under specific
      circumstances, this status information may also be shared  with your
      close contacts.
If you have any queries or complaints in relation to the use of your
      personal data please contact the Data Protection Officer for the
      University:
Data Protection Officer
Secretary’s Office, Trinity College Dublin,
Dublin 2, Ireland.
dataprotection@tcd.ie
The purpose and legal basis for collecting your personal data
The data we collect about you will be used by the application to provide the
    following services:
Access to services provided by your student or staff card;
Access to timetable information where appropriate;
Wayfinding (requires additional consent)
Access to facility/room based timetables
Access to "busyness" information for popular locations on campus including
      lecture theatres, libraries and catering outlets
Access for students to provisional or final exam results during the
      periods that results are available
Access to student Tutor details
Access to Trinity College Library checkouts, fees and reserves
Covid-19 daily declarations for students required to make such
      declarations as determined by their Head of School and/or placement
      organisations or the Health Service Executive.
The data on students or staff that are used by the application are:
Full Name;
College username;
Staff honourific;
Staff School or Department;
Student or Staff id;
Student or Staff photo;
Student status;
Scholar status;
Student Timetable information including time and location of your
      lectures;
Student provisional or final exam results;
Student tutor details;
Library record ID;
These data are obtained from your current University records. We also
    collect information about your device, OS/platform, and login information.
The app also collects mandatory daily Covid-19 status data for students on
    courses where the student is or is likely to be on placement with another
    organisation (outside the University) as part of their studies. The Head of
    School responsible for the course will determine when it is mandatory for
    this data to be collected. If you are on such a course, your daily Covid-19
    status will be shared with specific staff within your School and, depending
    on your course, may be shared with specific staff in your placement
    organisations and/or the Health Service Executive, and with staff in College
    Health.  Under specific circumstances, this status information may also
    be shared with your close contacts. You may contact your School to find out
    who your Covid-19 status is shared with. With regard to international
    students, anonymised data in respect of Covid-19 symptom checking and
    testing will be provided to the Department of Further and Higher Education,
    Research, Innovation and Science.  Further details of such are set out
    in here:
https://www.tcd.ie/globalrelations/assets/pdf/Trinity-GRO-Privacy-Statement-20200820-Students-nondomicile.pdf
.
When viewing provisional or final exam results using this application
    students should be aware that the authoritative source for information about
    results is
https://my.tcd.ie
.
To improve the user experience, the application will collect anonymised
    usage information which will be uploaded to the Google Firebase analytics
    platform
https://firebase.google.com/docs/analytics/
. Information on country and device type will be collected.
To provide location finding services the application will specifically
    request permission to turn on location tracking on your mobile device. If
    you do not enable location tracking, then the location finding functionality
    will not be available, but the application will continue to provide other
    services. If you choose to use location based services then you will be
    opting-in to terms of service provided by Apple (iOS) and/or Google
    (Android/iOS).
The app also includes a feature that allows you to opt in to receive push
    notifications about notices and, where relevant, to remind you to complete
    your daily Covid-19 status reporting. Push notification services are
    provided by Apple (iOS) and Google (Android) subject to their terms and
    conditions for these services. The ability to receive notifications requires
    permission to wake a sleeping device. The application also includes an
    option to call student services phone numbers. In order to do this the
    application requires access to phone services on the device. The application
    allows reading of barcodes. This requires permission for the application to
    use the camera.
The University will ensure that your personal data is processed fairly and
    lawfully in keeping with the principles of data protection. The processing
    is necessary to enter into a contract with Trinity College and for the
    performance of a task carried out in the public interest under the
    Universities Act, 1997. Any data concerning health collected by the
    application for Covid-19 symptom checking and testing will be processed as
    is necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health.
How we store and secure personal data
Any data we collect from you will be stored confidentially and securely as
    required by the University Information Security Policy. The University is
    committed to ensuring all accesses to, uses of, and processing of
    University-controlled data is performed in a secure manner. In keeping with
    data protection principles, we will only store your data for as long as is
    necessary.
Covid-19 status data will be retained for only so long as is necessary and
    such data will be deleted once it is no longer required.
When you log out of the application all data relating to you is deleted from
    your device.
When we store your personal data on our systems the data will be stored
    either on the University premises or on secure IT platforms within the EEA
    which are also subject to European data protection requirements.
We store no data relating to your location on our systems, but we do need to
    temporarily process this information as it passed through to Apple or Google
    for wayfinding purposes.
If you do not login to the app for over a year, we will assume that you have
    stopped using the service and we may clear down any data specifically
    produced by the app to provide you with a service. We reserve the right to
    retain a record that you signed up to the apps terms and conditions /
    privacy statement for a further 6 months.
Details of third parties which we share personal data with
The University will share your data with third parties where necessary for
    purposes of the processing outlined here. The University will share your
    data with the following third parties:
If you enable location finding the application will use location tracking
      services associated with your device to provide this service. The details
      of your location will be used by these services in accordance with their
      terms and conditions;
If you enable push notifications, then information about you / your device
      is stored by Apple and/or Google to provide this service. Your use of
      these services is in accordance with the service providers terms and
      conditions;
If your Head of School and/or your placement organisation or the Health
      Service Executive determine that you are on a course with a placement
      component where it is necessary to record and report your daily Covid-19
      status, then this status will be shared with specific individuals within
      Trinity College and within your placement organisation and/or the Health
      Service Executive and with staff in College Health..Under specific
      circumstances, this status information may also be shared with your close
      contacts.
When we share your data with the third parties outlined here the University
    will ensure that the data is only processed according to our specific
    instructions and that the same standards of confidentiality and security are
    maintained. Once the processing of the data is complete any third parties
    with whom data is shared will be required to return the data to the
    University save where they are required to retain it by law.
Your rights under data protection law
You have the following rights over the way we process your personal data.
Right of Access
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we are processing
    about you and to exercise that right easily and at reasonable intervals.
Consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent where that is the legal basis of
    our processing.
Rectification
You have the right to have inaccuracies in personal data that we hold about
    you rectified.
Erasure
You have the right to have your personal data deleted where we no longer
    have any justification for retaining it subject to exemptions. When app
    generated data is deleted, we reserve the right to retain a record that you
    signed up to the apps terms and conditions / privacy statement for a further
    6 months.
Object
You have the right to object to processing your personal data if:
We have processed your data based on a legitimate interest or for the
      exercise of the public tasks of the University if you believe the
      processing to be disproportionate or unfair to you.
We have processed the personal data for scientific or historical research
      purposes or statistical purposes unless the processing is necessary for
      the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
Restriction
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data if:
You are contesting the accuracy of the personal data
The personal data was processed unlawfully
You need to prevent the erasure of the personal data in order to comply
      with legal obligations
You have objected to the processing of the personal data and wish to
      restrict the processing until a legal basis for continued processing has
      been verified.
Portability
Where it is technically feasible you have the right to have a readily
    accessible machine readable copy of your data transferred or moved to
    another data controller where we are processing your data based on your
    consent and if that processing is carried out by automated means.
Contact
If you have any queries relating to the processing of your personal data for
    the purposes outlined above or you wish to make a request in relation to
    your rights or if you wish to make a complaint or escalate an issue relating
    to your rights you can contact the University’s Data Protection
    Officer at
dataprotection@tcd.ie
.
Finally, if you are not satisfied with the information we have provided to
    you in relation to the processing of your data or you are unhappy with how
    your data is processed you can raise a concern to the Data Protection
    Commissioner via the
Commission website
.