Kodika.io
Features
Push Notifications
Figma Plugin
Sketch Plugin
App Templates
Web Radio app
List app
Church app
Pricing
#AppsMadeWithKodika
Blog
Help
Documentation
Community Forum
Video Tutorials
Submit a request
​
Privacy Policy
Kodika has created a Mac and iPad application (‘Application’) and a website at https://kodika.io (‘Website’) at which users can create iOS and Android applications without writing code, by drag-and-drop elements.
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is mandatory to be able to use any feature of the Application. When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide:
(a) your email address and a password;
(b) information you provide us when you contact us for help and;
(c) information you enter into our system when using the Application.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect specific information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the version of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. Data are periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
• as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process;
• when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
• with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them and have agreed to adhere to the rules outlined in this privacy statement.
If Kodika is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information. You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at team[at]kodika.io.
How we use your Information
We use the User Provided and Automatically Collected Information to:
• Create and Secure your Account
• Send updates, support messages and security alerts
• Improve customer support
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time after that. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at team[a]kodika.io, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required for the Application to function properly.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all change
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. ‘Processing,’ means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in Cyprus. If you reside outside Cyprus, your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under Cyprus privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at team[at]kodika.io.