Daily Decision Wheel
by Epicapp
Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy details the
                        information collected by EpicApp ("we," "us" or "our") via our mobile applications and website,
                        and our usage of this information.
1. EpicApp does not collect
                        personal information through our applications or website
We do not require you to provide any
                        information to download or use our mobile applications, and we do not collect any information
                        about you or your device, excepting non-personal information about how the App is used, and for
                        how long, such as the screens viewed and actions taken within the applications, for the specific
                        purpose of improving our applications.
2. Support requests can be made via
                        email
You may via email
info@epicapp.ru
in regards to any general
                        or specific support enquiries. Any information provided in this request, including your email
                        address, will only be used to provide support. Any support requests from individuals identifying
                        themselves as under the age of 13 will only be used to respond to said request, and will be
                        immediately and irretrievably deleted when the request has been resolved.
3. Information sharing
                        disclosure
Any information received from you,
                        such as your email address or support information, will not be shared with anyone.
4. Changes to this Privacy
                        Policy
We will only use your information in
                        accordance with the Privacy Policy at the time the information was provided. If there is a
                        change to the Privacy Policy and how your email address is to be used, you will be contacted
                        prior to the change taking effect.
5. Contact
If you have any queries or concerns
                        in regards to this Privacy Policy, please via email
info@epicapp.ru
.
Updated December 30, 2018