Browse Categories
Home
Getting Started
Privacy Policy
It is very important to us that you trust Intro Movie Maker App to keep your information private and safe, without this trust we don’t have a business. Below is our Privacy Policy and other relevant information. If you have concerns, or can suggest things that would make you more comfortable please, contact us as at
intro.movie.maker@gmail.com
.
Information that Intro Movie Maker collects
We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained more fully below. We may use this Personal Information to personalize and improve our Services, to allow our users to set up a user account and profile, to contact users, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to analyze how users utilize the Services, and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. We collect the following types of information:
Information you provide to us
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, during the registration process, we collect Personal Information such as your mobile number, social account details (like username/email/profile photo), time zone, location. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
Information collected automatically
Whenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested. Some of this automatically-collected information may or may not be Personal Information, depending on whether it is personally identifiable in nature or not. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer through your browser that allow us to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser to prevent or limit your computer’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of our Service’s best features. When we collect usage information (such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site), we only use this data in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. For example, this aggregate data tells us how often customers use parts of the Services, so that we can make the Services appealing to as many customers as possible. We may also provide this aggregate information to our partners, so that they can understand how often people use their services and our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience. We never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.
Personal Information and Content
We receive and store any Personal Information and Content you enter or upload to our Services. The types of Personal Information and Content collected may include, but are not limited to:
Camera locations and names, that you are asked to enter and may change at any time.
Video and audio signals and data are recorded and processed, depending on how you may have configured your Services. This may include Intro Movie Maker sending you portions of the Content as part of a notification, or analyzing the data to identify motion or other events. If you have recording features enabled, we will capture, process and retain video and audio recordings from your device, of which you will be able to access, for the duration of your recording subscription period.
You may save and choose to share Content for others to access using the Services. We will collect and store information required for us to save or share your Content.
We may also draw upon this Personal Information and Content in order to modify and customize the Services to better suit your needs, to improve the effectiveness of our network and Services, and to develop new tools to enhance usability and security. Under no circumstance will any employee or agent of Intro Movie Maker ever look at your private videos within your account unless given express consent to do so.
You Are Always In Control
We assure you that you are the sole person who may choose to share your Personal Information. We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone, though we may provide aggregate, non- personally identifiable information to our partners. The default setting for all Personal Information and Content is to make that information visible only to others in the private groups you create or join on Intro Movie Maker. You may modify that setting as part of the Services. Intro Movie Maker may only share your Personal Information and Content only as described in this Privacy Policy, except for when required by law or applicable authorities to release the information.
Sharing Your Content and Information
You own all of the content and Personal Information you enter or post on Intro Movie Maker, and can control how it is shared through your privacy and application settings. In addition: for content that is covered by intellectual property rights such as videos, you specifically give us the following permission, subject to the limitations set forth in our Privacy Policy: you grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any Content that you post on or in connection with Intro Movie Maker.
Furthermore, although we always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about Intro Movie Maker, you understand and acknowledge that we may use them without any obligation to compensate you for them, just as you have no obligation to offer them to us.
Related Articles
What is Intro Movie Maker?
Where to download the application from?
Terms of Service