Fitdays ("Fitdays," "we,""us," or "our") respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy governs how we handle the personal data ("personal information," "your data," "your information," or information "from" or "about" you) that we collect online (e.g., through our website)and offline (e.g., through customer support channels) (collectively, the "Services"). It explains the types of personal data we collect and process, how we may use and share that data, and the choices that are available to you with respect to our  handling of your data.
By accessing the Services on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. I you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services.
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and will post the current version on this website with the date it was last revised. If we make any material changes, we will provide you with additional notice. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are using the data we collect. You will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Services after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
1. How to collect data?
● The information you provide us. In the process of using this product, according to the principle of BIA bioelectrical resistance measurement, through the collection of the body parameters, body fat rate/muscle volume/metabolism and other measurement parameters will be obtained through complex formulas, user’s height/gender/age/weight will be calculated as one of the physical parameters. Therefore, when you registered the App account, the birthday, height, gender and other body related data you submitted will be applied to the calculation of body fat rate/muscle volume/metabolic rate, etc. We ensure that it will not be used for other purposes and always assure that the information required is minimized.
● We obtain your information when you use the services. Your email address will be used as the login account name. If you have any enquiries in the process of use, you can put forward in the App feedback. We will send the answer to your mailbox, and therefore, you will get technical support service from us through your mailbox. We will ensure that your email address will not be used for other purposes or shared to third parties.
● For some Android mobile phones (especially Android 6.0+ mobile phones), if App needs to use Bluetooth function, user will be asked to turn on the App location service, because the Bluetooth function switch of those mobile phones is associated with the location service.In order to provide users with smoother and faster experience, we require Android mobile phones to open the location service for the App. We will ensure your location service is not used for other purposes.
●When you edit your user avatar, we will ask you to authorize our photo album and camera permissions. The avatar is only displayed on the Fitdays interface. Refusal to provide the photo album and camera permissions will only affect your use of the above functions, but will not affect your normal use of other functions of Fitdays.
●When you use the feedback function on Fitdays, if you need to send pictures to us for troubleshooting, we will ask you to authorize our photo album and camera permissions. Refusal to provide the photo album and camera permissions will only affect your use of the above functions, but will not affect your normal use of other functions of Fitdays.
2. Use of Personal Information
We collect information to provide better services to all users, and the information collected is used to provide, maintain, protect and improve our services. The personal information will be used mainly for the following purposes:
(1) Complete your request for a particular service or product.
(2) Provide you with the APP software or particular service, product or information of the third parties (such as the partner of this App software) via email, you may also unsubscribe if you wish to stop receiving emails from us.
(3) To produce statistics of users data for this application (such as number of users, composition, interest, performance, etc.) to provide better services and products to the users, or disclose such statistics to the third parties for a certain legal purpose. This kind of statistics is the whole information of the user group rather than individual information.
3. The Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information
This App software will enjoy your personal information. Your personal information will not be provided to unrelated third parties without your permission.
In the following circumstances, we will provide your personal information to the relevant third parties:
(1) Some services of this application should be provided or jointly provided by a partner (such as a company that provides technical services, a transportation company, a mailing company, a company that offers prizes, etc.) In order to provide you with such services, it’s necessary for this application to share your personal information with the partners. If you do not want your information to be shared to third parties, you may refuse to use the specific service, thus refuse your personal information to be disclosed.
(2) In accordance with the laws and regulations or the mandatory provisions of the government, we must provide your personal information to the relevant judicial or government departments.
(3) In order to prevent the legitimate rights and interests of others or social and public interests are seriously endangered.
(4) In order to prevent your legitimate rights and interests from serious harm.
(5) We find that your actions are in violation of the terms of service of this App or any user guide of a particular service or product, or posing a major hazard to the legitimate rights and interests of the App software.
4. User Rights
You can query, supplement or correct or ask to delete your personal information in this application account at any time by using the registered user name and password of your application. Your account in this application can be deleted, but this will prevent you from being able to log in to the App or use any other services of the App.
5. Information Security
Your account information and files are protected by password, please keep your username and password information safe. This App will ensure your information is not lost, abused and fabricated through user password encryption and other security measures. Only you personally have the right to access your personal information. We recommend not to disclose your password to anyone else. We will not take the initiative of calling or emailing you to ask your password. No absolute security can be ensured for any data transmission through internet or wireless networks. So while we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information you transmit to us or the security of information of online products or services we send online. You shall take risks by yourself when you make the said action. As soon as we receive the information you send to us, we will do our utmost to ensure the security of our system.
6. Disclaimer
We do not have to bear any responsibility in the following circumstances:
(1) Any disclosure of personal information made in accordance with the laws, regulations or mandatory provisions of the government.
(2) The disclosure of any personal information resulting from the fact that you shared your user password or a registered account with others.
(3) The personal information being disclosed, lost, stolen or tampered by any force majeure caused by hacker attack, computer virus invasion or attack, temporary closure caused by government control and others that affect the normal operation of the network.
7. HealthKit
(1) App will share the weight data (weight/body fat/bmi/lean body mass) after each weighing to Apple's health center.
(2) Due to the importance of the privacy of your health data, app will prompt you to authorize the sharing of the Apple Health Center after the first time you enter the Homepage.If you want to modify the authorization later, You can view the HealthKit setup instructions in the app system settings Screen.
(3) App will not share weight data to Apple's Health Center in the experience mode and guest Mode.
8. Facebook
(1) We use the public profile information returned by facebook as the app login credentials through user click authorization.
(2) The app also provides a way to delete accounts created by the user using facebook authorization. The user has the right to delete the account created and the data in the account. You can delete your account in "Account  management".
You can follow the steps in the link below to delete your account: click here
9. Delete data or account
9.1. Delete Data:
You can delete data records by right clicking in the "History" list.
9.2. Delete Account:
You can delete an account by going to "Mine" ->"Setting" ->"Delete Account".
10. Amendments and Interpretations of this Privacy Statement
This privacy statement maybe amended at irregular intervals. We will notify you by sending you email or system message before the amendment comes into effect. In this case, if you continue to use our service, it is deemed that you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. The right of revision and final interpretation of the privacy statement shall be owned by Guangdong ICOMON Technology Co.,Ltd.
This App privacy policy was updated on May 20, 2022