Privacy Policy
NET Sigma Tecnologia Ltda
("NET Sigma," "we," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that applies to our mobile apps (collectively "Apps", and each an "App"). By using our Apps, you agree to the collection and use of information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Some of our Apps do not collect any user data.
The information below refers to those of our Apps that may collect information.
1. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect the following types of information from our users:
Advertisers –
We may use online advertising networks (AppLovin) to display ads on our Apps. These Ad Networks may collect certain device information including the following:
Device make, model and operating system;
Operating system;
Country, time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Identifier for advertisers (IDFA).
AppLovin:
https://applovin.com/privacy/
Analytical data  –
We may use third party analytics tools to collect information about your device and about your use of the Apps. This helps us to deliver a better user experience.
Third-Party Services  –
We may use third-party services and SDKs. Some of these third-party services may collect anonymized analytical information to improve their services.
2. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties for the following purposes:
In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes;
To protect our or a third party's legal rights or to defend against a legal claim; and
As part of a business transfer such as a merger, acquisition, or at bankruptcy.
3. YOUR OPTIONS
Depending on the iOS version, you may opt out across all apps by either enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting or disabling the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” permission in your iOS device settings. You may also have the option of opting out on a per-app basis by disabling tracking permissions for specific apps that appear under the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS device settings.
4. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. The Apps and their content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
5. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and we encourage you to review it periodically. Your continued use of our Apps signifies your acceptance of changes to this Privacy Policy.
6. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please
contact us
.
Last modified: January 08, 2023