Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated: January 10, 2024
ChargeFinder is a service for EV drivers provided by ChargeFinder Inc. (“Company,” “we,” or “us”) making it easier finding charging stations and charging electric vehicles.
This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies on the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and transfer of the Personal Information (defined below) that we collect about you (“you” or “your”) through our interactions with you through our Website www.chargefinder.com ("Website") and our mobile applications (collectively “Services”), as well as through interactions with unaffiliated parties such as our vendors who work with us to provide our Services to you.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not want us to process your Personal Information, please do not provide any to us; however, you may not be able to take advantage of certain features of our Services. Your use of the Website and our Services is at all times also subject to our
Terms of Use
and as updated from time to time (the “Terms”).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any unaffiliated site or service linked to or from our Websites or Services other than to those of our Service Providers, to our social media channels or platforms that host them, or to any site or service recommended or referred to by our Websites or Services.
We are constantly working to improve our Services, and we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well. Our current Privacy Policy will always be on our Website.
Processing of data
Visiting us
When you browse our website, we process your IP address, Google Analytics ID, internet browser and device type, location data and your use of our website, including which pages you visited, how you got to our website, the time and length of your visit and your language preferences.
When you visit or leave our Website or Services by clicking a hyperlink or view a plugin on a third-party website, we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came or the one to which you are directed. Also, advertisers receive the URL of the page that you are on when you click on any ad that may appear on our Services. We also receive the internet protocol (“IP”) address of your computer or the proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your computer operating system details, your type of web browser, your mobile device (including your mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system), your mobile operating system (if you are accessing our websites or services using a mobile device), and the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier.
We use this data for our legitimate interests of making sure our website works properly, including debugging, to be able to deliver you content and for DDOS mitigation on our website, and improving our website and to perform statistical analyses for optimizing our website. We also use this information to provide you with personal offers tailored to your needs and tailoring what we show you to your preferences, with your prior consent.
We collect this data using cookies and place these tracking/targeting cookies when using our Services. For more information about these tracking cookies, please view our Cookie Policy below.
When you contact us
Via our website or app, you can contact us regarding questions and inquiries. When you do this, we collect the information that you fill out, including your name, contact details, the reason you are contacting us, verification that you are not a robot and other information you decide to provide us.
We use this data to answer your question and respond to your queries. As such, this data is used by us to establish or perform our (future) contract with you and for our legitimate interests in following up with you.
How long do we keep this data?
We will always only keep your data for as long as we reasonably need it for the purposes listed above. For example, data about your visits to our website will be retained until your use or browsing session ends, except where it concerns data collected for the analytical purposes specified above. In those cases, we will keep your information for 1 year after collection.
Cookie Policy
The technologies we use for automatic data collection also include cookies, as described below.
Browser Cookies
Browser cookies are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. They may contain certain data, including, but not limited to, the name of the server that has placed it there, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and, an expiration date (some cookies only). Browser cookies are managed by the web browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome, etc.) on your computer or mobile device. Different types of cookies which have different purposes are used on our Website.
Essential Cookies
Essential cookies are essential to allow you to browse our Website and use its functions. Without them, certain services would not be able to work.
Performance Cookies
Performance cookies collect information on the use of our Websites, such as which pages are consulted most often. This information enables us to optimize our Website and simplify browsing. Performance cookies also enable our affiliates and partners to find out whether you have accessed our Website from their site. All the information collected by performance cookies is aggregated, and therefore anonymous.
Functionality Cookies
Functionality cookies enable our Website to remember the choices you have made when browsing. For example, we can store your geographical location in a cookie so that the Websites corresponding to your area is shown. We can also remember your preferences, such as the text size, font and other customizable aspects of the Websites. Functionality cookies also may be able to keep track of the products or videos consulted to avoid repetition. The information collected by these cookies cannot be used to identify you and cannot monitor your browsing activity on websites which do not belong to us. Functionality cookies allow us to display advertising that is tailored to you on our Website, to understand which parts of our content interest you the most, and which Product or Service categories you request. Some of our service providers are allowed to place cookies on our Websites an in our app. Those companies also may provide you with the option of preventing the use of cookies in the future.
At any time, you can prevent or opt out of the future use of certain cookies by activating the appropriate setting in your browser to refuse to accept browser cookies. However, if you do, your experience on our Websites may be affected; e.g., you may be unable to access certain parts of our Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Local Storage Cookies
Certain features of our Websites may use local stored objects to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Websites. Local storage cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
We may also combine the Personal Information we collect from you outside of our Website or Services with Personal Information that is collected through our Website or Services or by another means as described above.
Contacting us
If you have any questions, requests or complaints concerning the privacy policy, please email us at
privacy@chargefinder.com