Privacy policy
Following is the legal software license agreement between you, the
          software
end user and the softwareprovider
(hereinafter referred to as "we").
          Please read this License Agreement carefully before using the software
          and related services. Installing or using software or services on a
          computer or other hardware device indicates that you have read the
          license agreement and agree to its terms, terms of service and privacy
          policies.
This agreement will help you understand the following:
1. License authorization
2. The use of content
3. Distribution of content
4. Registration and privacy policy
5. Software usage tracking
6. Software update and marketing
7. Copyright information and owner's statement
8. Disclaimer
9. Description of limited liability
10. Export declaration
11. High risk activity statement
12. Compensation statement
13. Revision and renewal of the policy
14. Termination clause
15. How to contact us
We know the importance of personal information to you and will do our
          best to protect your personal information. We are committed to
          maintaining your trust in us, abiding by the following principles and
          protecting your personal information: the principle of unanimity of
          power and responsibility, the principle of clear purpose, the
          principle of choice and consent, the principle of insufficient use,
          the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject
          participation, the principle of openness and transparency. At the same
          time, we promise that we will take appropriate security measures to
          protect your personal information in accordance with the industry's
          mature security standards.
This policy is the basic legal document for your use of our products
          and/or services. We hope you can read it carefully and make sure that
          you have fully understood the policy before using the service. We hope
          you can make appropriate choices according to your own understanding.
          After we update this policy (we will prompt you to update the
          situation in time), you continue to use our products and/or services,
          which means that you agree to the content of this policy (including
          the updated version), and agree that we collect, use, preserve,
          disclose and transfer your relevant information in accordance with
          this policy.
1. License authorization
This license allows you to use a copy of the software contained in
          this package or product on a single personal computer or hardware
          device. For each software licenser, the program can be used at any
          given time only on a personal computer or hardware device. This
          license does not allow you to use this software on any hardware device
          or personal computer that is not owned or controlled by you, and you
          are not allowed to distribute the software over the network or make it
          available to multiple devices using a network at the same time. If the
          program is to be installed on a network server for distribution only
          to other computers, a special license for this software is required.
          You may not modify, translate, reverse assemble, decompile,
          disassemble or otherwise attempt (i) to break, avoid, bypass, delete,
          disable or otherwise circumvent any software protection mechanism in
          this software, including but not limited to restricting or controlling
          the functionality of the software, or (i i) to export source code from
          the software. Or basic ideas, algorithms, structures or organizations
          (unless applicable law prohibits such activities). You may not use
          this software for any purpose which is unlawful under applicable law
          in the area where you use it.
2. the use of content
This software is for licensed media only. You may not use this
          software for any purpose of infringing copyright, trademark, patent,
          trade secret, publicity or any other rights of a third party. It is
          your responsibility to ensure that any content or material created,
          copied, downloaded, compressed, recorded, replayed, published and/or
          distributed through this software (including but not limited to text,
          photos, sound and video recording) infringes upon these rights and is
          licensed from the owner of these rights. You may not attempt or use
          this software with any device, program or service to circumvent the
          jurisdiction of technical measures used to control access or rights to
          any content document or other work protected by copyright law.
3. Distribution of content
You can only use this software for your personal non-commercial
          purposes and may not provide it in any way or use it as part of any
          commercial service or application. If you are interested in any other
          uses, please contact us. Copies of content documents, including but
          not limited to songs and other audio recordings, are downloaded or
          reproduced using this software and are protected by copyright law or
          by relevant laws of any jurisdiction only for your own personal use
          and will not be distributed to third parties or executed outside your
          normal family and social circle of acquaintances.
4. Registration and privacy policy
This section will help you understand the following:
1. How do we collect and use your personal information?
2. How do we use, protect and preserve your personal information?
3. How do we share your personal information?
4. Your rights
5. How do we deal with the personal information of minors?
Software registration, purchase and/or activation processes may
          require you to provide personal identification information, which we
          do not share or sell with any third party unless: (i) you have agreed
          to disclose this information in advance; (i i) we need to disclose
          this information to provide the product or service you require; or (i
          I i) we do Such information is disclosed when fulfilling legal
          obligations.
How do we collect and use your personal information?
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded
          electronically or otherwise that can identify a particular natural
          person or reflect the activities of a particular natural person
          individually or in combination with other information. Personal
          information covered by this policy includes: basic information
          (including personal name, birthday, sex, address, personal telephone
          number, e-mail); personal identity information (including ID card,
          officer's card, passport, driver's license, relevant identity
          certificate, etc.); personal location information; network identity
          information (including department). General Account, IP Address, Mail
          Address, User Name, Nickname in this APP, Password and Secret
          Protection Related to the foregoing; Personal Internet Records
          (including browsers, search records, software usage records, click
          records); Personal Common Equipment Information (including Internet
          Service Providers, Terminal Manufacturers, Hardware Types) A
          description of the number, MAC address of the device, type of
          operating system, unique device identification of the software list
          (such as IMEI/android ID/IDFA/AdVertising ID/OPENUDID/GUID/UDID), SIM
          card IMSI, session start/stop time, language location, time zone and
          network status (WiFi, etc.), hard disk, CPU, and battery usage, etc.
          Information about the basic situation of a person's commonly used
          device, video content containing personal information, and other
          information (including timestamps, application identifiers,
          application versions, application distribution channels, personal
          phone numbers, mobile phone numbers, web browsing records, accurate
          positioning information,).
Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that,
          once leaked or modified, will have a negative impact on the subject of
          personal information (including reputation, physical and mental health
          damage or discriminatory treatment, etc.). Personal sensitive
          information covered in this policy includes: personal identity
          information (including ID card, officer's card, passport, driver's
          license, household registration book); network identity information
          (including system account, IP address, mailbox address, user name,
          nickname in this APP, and password and security related to the
          aforementioned); and other information. (including timestamps,
          application identifiers, application versions, application
          distribution channels, personal phone numbers, mobile phone numbers,
          web browsing records, accurate positioning information); related
          identity certificates; video content containing personal sensitive
          information.
1. Personal information we collect and use.
Our products and / or services include some core functions, including
          cloud service , service-based infrastructure (such as monitoring video
          preview, device operation and control, etc.). We may collect, save and
          use some information about you to achieve these functions.If you do
          not provide this information, we may not be able to provide you with
          the products and services you need.
Our products and / or services also include additional features,
          including value-added services such as cloud storage, AI labs, message
          alerts, device unbound, network detection, and so on. If you use these
          additional features, we will collect personal information based on the
          additional features you choose to use. If you do not provide this
          personal information, you can still purchase cloud services and use
          the basic features related to this software product based on services,
          but you will not be able to use the corresponding additional features.
In the process of using our products and/or services, we will collect
          the information that you provide on your own initiative when using our
          products and/or services, or that comes from using our products and/or
          services, in order to provide you with our products and/or services,
          optimize our products and/or services, and And ensure your account
          security:
1. When you register your account for the use of our products and/or
          services, we will collect your username, password, mailbox, mobile
          phone number and other information. We collect cell phone numbers to
          meet the requirements of relevant laws and regulations. If you login
          to our products and/or services in other ways, we will request your
          personal information from the third party concerned, and we can still
          ask you for the personal information we require but the third party
          can not provide. If you refuse to provide this information, you may
          not be able to use our products and / or services properly.
2. When you search for video or other information, we will
          collect your search content to facilitate your repeated input or show
          you the information associated with your search content. Please note
          that your search keyword information does not identify you
          individually, does not belong to your personal information, and we
          have the right to use it for any purpose; only when your search
          keyword information is used in conjunction with your other information
          and can identify you, during the conjunction, do we Your search
          keyword information will be used as your personal information, and
          your search history will be processed and protected in accordance with
          this policy.
3. when you use this software cloud service, you need to bind
          your camera and other products. We will collect the product serial
          number and product verification code that you bind. This kind of
          information is the unique basic information of the product. It is the
          basic information that must be collected to bind the product and
          further provide you with basic services such as preview, video storage
          and value-added services. When you use the storage capabilities of
          this software cloud service to store your videos, these videos are
          saved in our server. We will store it in encrypted way.
4. When you purchase products or services from this software, we
          will also collect your order information, including the order number,
          the service information you purchased, the amount you paid and the
          payment method. We will use this information to determine
          transactions, settle payments, inquire for your orders, and provide
          customer service advice and after-sales services, to determine if your
          transactions are abnormal to protect your transaction security.
5. When you turn on the message reminder function, we will
          collect the picture timestamp taken by your camera and push the
          message to you. You can turn off this function by setting up.
6. when you apply for product deregulation, we will collect your
          ID card and other information. We need to check this information as
          much as possible to determine whether you are currently a legitimate
          user of the product to decide whether to accept your unbundling
          application. If you do not provide this information, we will not be
          able to provide you with untying services.
7. Our customer service and after-sales functions will use your
          account information, order information, product information you bind.
          To ensure the safety of your account, our customer service will use
          your account information to verify your identity with you. When you
          need us to provide customer service and after-sales service related to
          your order information, we will inquire about your order information.
          You may provide other information when you communicate with our
          customer service staff, such as when you ask us to change our contact
          person or telephone number. When you need us to provide customer
          service and after-sales service related to the product information you
          bind, we will inquire about the product information you bind.
8. In addition, we may use online third-party services, when you
          use these functions, without your permission, we will not disclose
          your personal information to third-party service providers.
9. If we need to obtain your personal information in addition to
          the above scenarios, we will reapply your express consent and fully
          explain the application scenario and the content and scope of
          obtaining your relevant information before obtaining your express
          consent.
2. Rules for using your personal information
1. we will use your personal information in accordance with the
          following rules:
1)We will use the personal information collected in accordance with
          the provisions of this policy and for the realization of our product
          and/or service functions.
2)We will send you commercial electronic information (including SMS,
          e-mail, etc.) to provide you with relevant product/service
          information. If you do not wish to receive such information, you can
          unsubscribe by using the "unsubscribe" function in the message we
          send.
2. Please note that all personal information you provide when using
          our products and/or services will be authorized to use continuously
          during your use of our products and/or services unless you delete the
          software, reject our collection through account settings or system
          settings. When you cancel your account, we will stop using it and
          delete your personal information after 6 months.
3. We will make statistics on the usage of our products and/or
          services and may share these statistics with the public or third
          parties to show the overall usage trend of our products and/or
          services. However, these statistics do not contain any identification
          information.
4. When we display your personal information, we will
          desensitize your information by means of content replacement and
          anonymous processing to protect your information security.
5. In order to optimize our products and provide you with better
          service, we will share personal data with our suppliers. For example,
          companies we hire to provide data analysis services may need to
          collect and access personal data for data statistics and analysis. In
          this case, these data sharing providers must comply with our data
          privacy and security requirements.
6. When we want to use your personal information for other
          purposes not specified in this policy, or for other purposes based on
          information collected for specific purposes, we will ask your consent
          in advance in the form of your voluntary check-up.
3. You are fully aware that we do not need your authorization to
          collect and use personal information in the following
          circumstances:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense
          security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health and major public
          interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and
          execution of judgments.
4. In order to safeguard the vital legal rights and interests of the
          subject of personal information or other individuals, such as life and
          property, it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person.
5. The personal information collected is the disclosure of the
          personal information subject to the public.
6. Collecting your personal information from legally disclosed
          information, such as legal news reports, relevant departments
          information disclosure, etc.
7. According to your requirements, fulfill your contract.
8. Requirements for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the
          products and/or services provided, such as the detection and disposal
          of product and/or service failures;
9. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
How do we use Cookie and similar technologies?
1. Cookie
Cookie is a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage
          and retrieval of information on a Web site or client. When you use a
          product or service, we send one or more small data files called
          cookies on your computer or mobile device. The cookies assigned to you
          are unique and can only be read by Web servers that publish them to
          your domain. Cookie usually contains identifiers, site names, and
          numbers and characters. We will use Cookie technology to simplify your
          login steps, store your browsing preferences and other data to provide
          you with preferences, help you optimize the choice and interaction of
          advertising, help determine your login status, and account or data
          security.
We promise that research into Cookie information will only be used to
          improve service / product quality and optimize user experience. We
          will not use Cookie for any purpose other than those stated in this
          policy. You can manage or delete Cookie according to your preferences.
          For details, please refer to AboutCookies.org. You can clean up all
          cookies saved on your computer, and most Web browsers automatically
          pick up cookies, but you can usually modify the browser's settings to
          reject cookies as you want; you can also clean up all cookies saved in
          your software. But if you do, you may need to change the user settings
          in person every time you visit a Web site or software, and the
          information you have previously recorded will be deleted, which may
          have some impact on the security of the services you use.
2. Website beacon and pixel label
In addition to Cookie, we will use web site beacons and pixel labels
          and other similar technologies on the website. For example, the e-mail
          we sent to you may contain clicking URL linked to the content of our
          website. If you click on this link, we will track this click to help
          us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer
          service. Web beacon is usually a transparent image embedded into a
          website or e-mail. With the help of pixel labels in e-mail, we can
          learn whether or not e-mail is being opened. If you don't want your
          activities to be tracked in this way, you can always unsubscribe from
          our mailing list.
How do we protect and preserve your personal information?
First, your personal information protection and safety measures.
1. We will make every reasonable effort to protect your personal
          information, and the personal information will be protected by special
          data security department. To prevent unauthorized access, copying,
          modification, transmission, loss, destruction, processing or use of
          user's personal information, we have taken and will continue to take
          the following measures to protect your personal information:
1)Our network services adopt encryption technology such as
          transmission security protocol, and provide browsing services through
          HTTPS to ensure the security of user data in the transmission
          process.
2)Users'personal information is encrypted and saved by encryption
          technology, and isolated by isolation technology.
3)In the use of personal information, such as personal information
          display, personal information association calculation, we will use a
          variety of data desensitization technology to enhance the security of
          personal information in use.
4)Set up strict data use and access system, adopt strict data access
          control and multiple identity authentication technology to protect
          personal information and avoid data being used illegally. We only
          allow authorized personnel to access personal information and ask them
          to perform corresponding confidentiality obligations.
5)take special data and technology security audit, set up log audit
          and behavior audit measures.
2. other security measures to protect personal information.
1) To manage and standardize the storage and use of personal
          information by establishing data classification and classification
          system, data security management norms and data security development
          norms.
2) Establish information protection departments and data security
          emergency response organizations to promote and protect personal
          information security.
3) enhance safety awareness. We will also conduct security and privacy
          training courses to enhance staff awareness of the importance of
          protecting personal information.
3. Despite the reasonable and effective measures mentioned above and
          the standards required by relevant laws, we still can not guarantee
          the security of your personal information when communicating through
          unsafe channels. Therefore, you should take positive measures to
          ensure the security of personal information, such as: set up complex
          passwords, regularly modify the account password, do not disclose
          their own account password and other personal information to
          others.
4. There are always risks of information leakage in the network
          environment. When unexpected events, force majeure and other
          circumstances lead to the leakage of your information, we will try our
          best to control the situation, timely inform you of the cause of the
          incident, the security measures we have taken, security measures you
          can take the initiative to take, and other relevant circumstances.
5. After the unfortunate personal information security incidents, we
          will inform you in time according to the requirements of laws and
          regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of security
          incidents, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with them,
          the suggestions you can take to prevent and reduce the risks on your
          own, and the remedial measures for you. At the same time, we will
          timely inform you of the relevant events by mail, letter, telephone,
          push notification and other means, it is difficult to inform the
          subject of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable
          and effective way to publish the announcement. At the same time, we
          will report to the competent authorities in accordance with the
          requirements of laws and regulations.
Two. Save your personal information.
1.we will store the user's personal information collected within in
          accordance with laws and regulations. If you transmit your personal
          information to the outside world, you will be informed and asked for
          permission.
2.during your use of products or services, we will keep your
          personal information for you. If you cancel your account or delete
          your personal information on your own initiative, we will continue to
          keep your information within 6 months after you cancel your account or
          delete your personal information in accordance with the laws and
          regulations of the Internet Security Law.
Three. Legal basis for data processing
We have already introduced the purpose of processing personal
          data. Our legal basis for dealing with personal data includes:
          fulfilling contracts with you (e.g., providing you with the services
          you request, identifying and authenticating you so that you can use
          the website); and fulfilling mandatory disclosure requirements for
          compliance with legal requirements (e.g., for compliance with
          applicable accounting rules) To protect our legitimate interests
          (e.g., to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the safety of
          our services, to communicate our products and services with you), and
          to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes,
          based on the consent of our customers (e.g., cookies).
In some cases, you may need to provide us with personal data for
          the above processing, so that we can provide you with all our services
          and make it easy for you to use all our functions.
How do we share your information?
1.We only share your information in the following situations that you
          know
1) we have obtained clear authorization or consent from you or your
          guardian.
2) we disclose the judicial or administrative organs based on
          statutory procedures.
3) when we initiate litigation or arbitration for users to safeguard
          their legitimate rights and interests.
4) according to the agreement between you and us, such as service
          agreement and usage rule.
5) To protect the software and its related parties, users of the
          software and the public interest from being damaged within the scope
          permitted by laws and regulations;
6) conform to the agreement between you and the other third people.
2.In addition, we may share your order information, account
          information and equipment information with partners and other third
          parties to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to
          you. But we will only share your personal information for legitimate,
          legitimate, necessary, specific, and explicit purposes, and will only
          share the personal information necessary to provide services. Our
          partners have no right to use shared personal information for any
          other purpose. At present, our partners include suppliers of technical
          services. We may share your personal information to the third party
          that supports our functions. These include providing us with supplies
          or infrastructure technical services, payment services, data
          processing, etc. The purpose of sharing this information is to
          implement the core purchasing functions of our products and/or
          services, such as we need to share your order number and order amount
          with a third party payment agency to confirm your payment instructions
          and complete the payment.
3.You can share your video, location information, identity
          information, etc. with specific objects, or share your own video,
          location information, identity information, etc. with specific people
          based on our products and/or services. We are not liable for any
          serious situation such as leakage of your information due to your
          sharing behavior. 1, get your clear consent;
4.Other
We may disclose your personal information publicly with your express
          consent or as required by law, legal process, judicial authority or
          relevant competent authority.
Your rights
According to the applicable law, you have the right to object to or
          require restrictions on the processing of your personal data and to
          require access, correction, deletion and portability of your own data.
The use of your information is based on your consent, and you have the
          right to withdraw that consent at any time, but the withdrawal of
          consent does not affect the legality of consent-based data processing
          prior to withdrawal.
You can submit your request to us through "opinion and feedback".
If you find any changes or inaccuracies in your information, please
          notify us of these changes so that our records can be updated or
          corrected. If you think that our handling of your personal data is in
          violation of applicable law, you can complain to the regulator.
The retention time of your personal data depends on the need to
          provide you with services or products, or on the requirements of
          applicable laws such as tax and accounting laws.
We do not charge for your reasonable request in principle, but we will
          charge a certain cost for repeated requests that exceed a reasonable
          limit. We may reject requests that are unjustifiably duplicated,
          require too many technical means (e.g., the need to develop new
          systems or radically change existing practices), pose risks to the
          legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical
          (e.g., involve backing up information stored on tape).
In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your
          request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations:
1) related to national security and national defense safety;
2) related to public safety, public health and major public
          interests;
3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution
          of judgments;
4) there is ample evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of
          rights.
5) in response to your request, the legitimate rights and interests of
          you or other individuals
6) involving business secrets.
How do we deal with minors' personal information?
1, we attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal
          information. If you are a minor under the age of 18, prior written
          consent of your parents or legal guardian should be obtained before
          using our products and/or services. We protect minors' personal
          information according to the relevant laws and regulations of the
          state.
2. In the case of collecting personal information of minors with
          the consent of their parents or legal guardians, we will only use or
          publicly disclose this information if it is permitted by law, with the
          explicit consent of the parents or legal guardians or necessary for
          the protection of minors.
3. If we find ourselves collecting personal information about
          minors without the prior consent of a verifiable parent or legal
          guardian, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as
          possible.
5. Software usage tracking
You agree that this software may monitor your use of software to
          improve product availability. In doing so, the software can record
          usage information about the functions of the selected product, the
          unique machine ID (automatically generated when the software is
          installed) and other software products installed on the same machine.
          Such usage information will not be collected with any corresponding
          personal identification information and will remain anonymous.
6. Software update and marketing
This software may cause your computer to automatically connect to the
          Internet and communicate with this software without additional / or
          prior notice to check for available bug fixes, additional features,
          plug-ins, and new versions (collectively referred to as "software
          updates"). You hereby agree that this software can send you
          information about software updates and special offers offered by the
          Software Alliance and third-party partners.
7. Copyright information
The software contained in this package or equipment is protected by
          the related copyright law , the provisions of international treaties
          and all other applicable national laws. Software must be treated like
          all other copyrighted materials, such as books and music recordings.
          This license does not allow software to rent, and it is not allowed to
          copy with the written materials (if any) of the software.
8. Owner's statement
Ownership and all intellectual property rights in the software and its
          accompanying documents, as well as copies of any of the above
          documents, remain the sole and exclusive property of the software
          and/or its third-party licensors. You agree to abide by the copyright
          law and all other applicable laws. You acknowledge that the software
          contains valuable confidential information and trade secrets from the
          software and/or its third-party licensors.
9. Disclaimer
The software and services do not provide any form of guarantee. No
          express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, implied
          warranties of marketability and applicability for specific purposes,
          and warranties of non-infringement of intellectual property rights,
          are made, and the software expressly denies that all warranties are
          not here. You assume all the risks associated with the quality and
          performance of software and services. If the software proves
          defective, you, not the software or authorized distributor, assume the
          necessary services and assume the full cost of maintenance or
          correction. Implied warranties are not allowed to be excluded in
          certain countries/regions or jurisdictions, so the above exclusions
          may not apply to you.
10. Description of limited liability
Your sole remedy and the full responsibility of this software and its
          Licensor are stipulated in the above clause. In no event shall this
          software and its licensees be liable to you or any other person for
          any damage, including any incidental or consequential damage, expense,
          loss of profits, loss savings or other damage resulting from the use
          or inability to use the software, or even if the software or its
          licensee has been informed of this The possibility of class damage.
          Since certain jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion or limitation
          of consequential or accidental damage, the above limitations may not
          apply to you.
11, Export declaration
If there is no corresponding license, you may not export or re export
          products containing this software.
12, High risk activity statement
This software is not fault-tolerant and does not apply to hazardous
          environments requiring fail-safe performance, or any other software
          failure that may directly result in death, personal injury or serious
          physical or property losses (collectively referred to as "high-risk
          activities"). The software expressly denies any express or implied
          warranty of applicability to high-risk activities.
13, Compensation statement
You agree to grant this software to any loss, damages, fines and
          charges (including attorney's fees and fees) arising from or in
          connection with any claim you have. Its officers, directors and
          employees are innocent, indemnified and defended (i) against the
          rights of the other party or against any law, using, viewing, copying,
          downloading,etc. Encoding, compressing, copying or transmitting any
          material (other than those provided by the software) in connection
          with this software, or (ii) in violation of any terms of this license
          agreement.
14. Revision and renewal of the policy.
We may change the policy in due course. Without your explicit consent,
          we will not reduce the rights you should enjoy in accordance with this
          policy.
We will notify you of any changes (including, but not limited to,
          major changes) to this policy in the form of push notifications,
          pop-ups, e-mails, etc.
The major changes referred to in this policy include, but are not
          limited to:
1, our service mode has undergone major changes. Such as the purpose
          of handling personal information, the type of personal information to
          be processed, the way of using personal information, etc.
2, we have made significant changes in ownership structure and
          organizational structure. Such as business adjustment, bankruptcy
          acquisition and other changes caused by owners.
3, changes in the main objects of personal information sharing,
          transfer or public disclosure;
4, your right to participate in personal information processing has
          changed significantly.
5. We are responsible for handling personal information security
          departments, contact methods and complaint channels change;
6, personal information security impact assessment report shows high
          risk.
15. Termination clause
This agreement will remain fully valid when you use the service. You
          can terminate the service at any time. We can deny or suspend your
          access to and/or use of services and/or accounts at any time and for
          any reason without warning. This may result in forfeiture and
          destruction of all information related to your membership. If you
          violate any of the terms and conditions of this agreement, we may
          terminate or suspend any and all services and access to the website
          without prior notice or liability. After your account terminates, your
          right to use services, access to websites and any content will
          immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement except "1. License
          Authorization" shall, by their nature, remain valid after termination,
          including, but not limited to, statements of limited liability,
          exemptions and claims.
16, how to contact us
If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions about this policy
          or about your personal information, contact us through the built-in
          "opinions and feedback" function of the software. Under normal
          circumstances, we will reply within thirty days.