Privacy Policy
We respect our users' right to privacy. Our Privacy Policy
demonstrates our commitment to our users, and was designed to disclose our
practices regarding:
Casualx encourages you to read the Privacy Policy carefully
and use it to make informed decisions. By accessing or using the website or any
Casualx application (collectively, the "Casualx Service" or
"Service") which are provided by us, you expressly consent to the
terms of the Privacy Policy, and to the collection, use and disclosure of your
Personal Information (as specified below), in accordance with the terms of the
Privacy Policy.
The definitions in our Terms of Use apply to this Privacy
Policy unless stated otherwise. IN ADDITION TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE REVIEW OUR
TERMS OF USE WHICH THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS INCORPORATED THERETO BY REFERENCE,
TOGETHER WITH SUCH OTHER POLICIES OF WHICH YOU MAY BE NOTIFIED OF BY US FROM
TIME TO TIME.
What type of information we collect?
1.
Information provided by you
Information submitted via our Service
We collect information that identifies an individual or may
with reasonable effort identify an individual, or may be of private or
sensitive nature ("Personal Information") submitted by you, including
your name, password, email address, status, relationship interest, ethnicity,
religion, social habits or preferences, height, weight, birthday, precise
geo-location information (collectively "Profile Information"),
messages you sent to other users (including photos, location, audio or video
files) or any other information you voluntarily submit to your profile or is
generated by your use of Casualx.
Information you make available to the public via
our Service
We collect information you make available to other users
via our Service including, but not limited to, your username and other Profile
Information, and the content you post, or any other information you voluntarily
submit or are generated by your use of Casualx.
2.
Information transmitted by your device
When you visit the Service, we also automatically collect,
inter alia, information transmitted by your device, including your IP address,
device ID (which is unique to the device on which you install the Casualx
Application or use the Service), geo-location information (via your GPS, WiFi
or cellular technology in your device), certain software and hardware
information about your device, including the type of browser and operating
system your device uses, language preference, access time and the domain name
of the website from which you linked to the Service.
Information concerning Minors
The Casualx Service is intended for users of the age of 18
years (21 years in places where 18 years is not the age of majority), at least.
We do not intentionally or knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal
Information regarding user who are under the age of maturity. We reserve the
right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors
are not using the Service.
How do we collect your information?
We collect information submitted directly by you, or
information transmitted automatically from your device using various standard
technologies, such as cookies, log files, web beacons or other similar
technologies.
When you visit our Service we may assign your device with a
log file or a cookie (session or persistent). A "cookie" is a small
piece of information that a website assign to your computer’s hard drive while
you are viewing a web site. You may remove our cookies by following the
instructions of your operating platform or your browser preferences; however,
if you choose to disable cookies, some features of the Casualx Service may not
operate properly.
We may use cookies, log files, web beacons and other
technologies to collect information with respect to your activity on our
Service and track your use of our Service, your type of browser, pages you
visited, the time and date of your visits or the links you click on.
We may also allow third parties, e.g. service providers
(i.e. third parties that perform services on our behalf; e.g. customer service,
marketing assistance, analytics, ad tracking, service functionality and
support, surveys, etc.), ad networks and advertising companies, to display
advertisements on our Service. These parties may also use the technologies
stated above to collect information about our users. We do not provide any
Personal Information to third parties, unless indicated otherwise in our
Privacy Policy.
For what purposes we collect the information?
The information we collect enable us to personalize your
interactive user experience and facilitate your access to our Service,
customize our features and services to your needs, track your content and your
activities in order to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests
(whether via our Service, website or application, or websites or applications
of third parties, or your e-mail address) and monitor the effectiveness of our
Service and activities.
We also use this information to deliver and improve our
products and services, reply your queries, requests and feedbacks and provide
customer support, troubleshoot problems and manage your account, comply with
our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our Terms of Use and
policies.
We may also use the information to perform research, for
technical diagnostics, analytics or statistical purposes, conducting surveys or
for our customized mailing list with respect to products or services that may
be of interest to you either from us or other third parties.
We may also use the information to communicate with you via
e-mail, mobile device, etc.
With whom we share the information and for what purpose?
Service
Providers
We share Information, including Personal Information, with
our affiliated companies and our service providers, who are certified to use
the information only for the purposes of providing certain services for you, or
for us and for our affiliated companies and business partners (e.g. customer
service, technical support, marketing assistance, analytics, ad tracking,
etc.). The information will be disclosed only to the extent required to perform
the service. Service providers are not permitted to share or use Personal
Information for any other purpose.
Public
Information
Information, including Personal Information, you provided
in the course of registering as a user may be viewable to other users of the
Service, as well as information you shared with other users (e.g. photos you
uploaded, your username, personal description, etc.).
You acknowledge and agree that information you share with
other users or provided in your profile is available to the public. You are
responsible for protecting and enforcing your rights with respect to your
Personal Information.
Other
Disclosures
We may share Information, including Personal Information,
in the event that we are required by law enforcement or other governmental
agency; in response to a subpoena, warrant or an investigative demand, or a
court order, or with respect to any legal process; in order to enforce
intellectual property rights or to exercise other legal rights; to establish or
exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; if we believe it is
necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud or other wrongdoing, safety of person or property, violation of
our policies, to enforce our Terms of Use or as otherwise required in order to
comply with the applicable laws and regulations. In such circumstances, we may
raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
Affiliates
and corporate transaction
We may share Information, including Personal Information,
with our parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies
under a common control (collectively "Affiliates").
We may share Information, including Personal Information,
in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our
business, merger, consolidation or asset sale).
In the event of the above, our affiliates or acquiring
company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy
Policy.
Aggregated
Information
Non-Personal Information, aggregated information or
Personal Information in non-human readable form (de-identified) may be shared
with third parties (including ad networks, advertising companies and service
providers) in any of the above circumstances, as well as for the purpose of
developing or delivering tailored or targeted advertising (whether via our
Service, website or application, or websites or applications of third parties,
or your e-mail address), or for the purpose of improving our Service,
conducting business analysis or other business purposes. This information may
be combined with information we collect from other sources, to the extent that
the information remains non-Personal Information.
Third
party collection of information
Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of
information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your
information to other parties via our Service (whether our website or
application; e.g. by clicking on a link to any other website or location) or
via other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use
or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. E.g. when conducting a
payment by credit card via our third party vendors (such as Apple Store or
Google Play Store), the vendors may collect your credit card information and
additional information necessary for processing or authorizing your credit card
payments.
These payment companies may also provide certain of your
details to us - but this shall not include your credit card number.
You acknowledge and agree that information you share with
other users is available to the public. You are responsible for protecting and
enforcing your rights with respect to your Personal Information.
How can you access or change your information?
If you have a Casualx account, you may review or update
certain field of your Profile Information (in your settings page), at any time.
You may also remove or disable your account. You may also change your email
address or password associated with your account with compliance to our
Service's methods.
As stated above, you may remove our cookies by following
the instructions of your operating platform or your browser preferences. You
may also refrain from providing us with any information you do not feel
comfortable sharing. However, please be advised that failure of providing us
with certain information may result in our inability to provide you the full
features of our Service.
For how long we retain your information?
We retain the information (including your Personal
Information) for as long as needed to provide the Service and to comply with
our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
If you disable your account, please note that some
information may remain in our archives; we will retain certain necessary
information, including Personal Information (e.g. Profile Information, usage
history, etc.), for the purpose of recordkeeping integrity, analytical
purposes, to prevent fraud or wrongdoing, enforce our Terms of Use, or take
action we deem necessary to protect the security of our users or the integrity
of our Service, or any action otherwise permitted by applicable laws and
regulations. The retention of Information by third parties, provided by Casualx
in compliance with our Privacy Policy, will be subject to their privacy
policies.
How we protect your personal information
We take security measures to help safeguard your personal
information from unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no system can be
completely secure. we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your
personal information, chats, or other communications will always remain secure.
Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal
information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure
email.
Promotional emails and SMS offers
We may email you periodically our Service's news, updates
or information regarding our latest products or services, as well as third
party offers that we believe may interest you.
We respect our users' right to privacy and provide them
with an easy means to decline receiving email and SMS offers from us or from
our partners and affiliates. At any time, you may opt-out by requesting to
discontinue receiving these offers by sending a blank message with the word
"Remove" in the subject area or by writing to us at the email address
support@Casualx.app. However, you may not opt-out of emails or notifications
relates to the operation of Casualx (as they are necessary for our normal
operation – for example, alteration of the Privacy Policy, password recovery,
etc.). If you unsubscribe we will remove your email address from our marketing
distribution lists and from any future lists we may share with our partners.
However, you may need to separately unsubscribe from marketing offers sent by
our marketing partners.
As a responsible member of the cyber community Casualx
Service maintains a strict policy forbidding any third party from sending any
sort of promotional emails on behalf of the Casualx Service – solicited or
unsolicited.
This means we go beyond merely prohibiting spamming. To
make things even clearer for everybody we don't let any third party to send any
emails on our behalf. Moreover, the Service itself only sends emails to persons
who have registered on with the Service. These policies demonstrate our strong
"Anti-SPAM Policy".
How do we operate?
In every case we receive a complaint regarding one of our
direct marketers/partners or any other third party sending emails on our
behalf, our Abuse Team immediately initiates an investigation.
It is important that you understand that the Abuse Team
investigates every single complaint we receive. Affiliates/direct marketers
found by our Abuse Team to have been promoting this site by email face
termination of its/his account and possible forfeiture of earnings.
In extreme cases, our Legal Department is also involved.
If you have been emailed by a third party in any matter
that is connected to the Casualx App, please report it to support@Casualx.app
and our Abuse Team will take immediate action. Please include the complained-of
email itself in your complaint, so the Abuse Team can proceed with the
investigation.
Amendments to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to periodically amend or revise the
Privacy Policy; Material changes will be effective 7 days upon such change
being prominently notified on the Casualx Service. Your continued use of the
Service, following notice of such amendments, constitutes your acknowledgement
and consent of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be
bound by the terms of such amendments.
Retention of personal information
If you have registered with an account through our
Services, the Company will retain your Personal Information during the period
your account is active. In addition, the Company will retain your Personal Data
for additional periods, to enable the Company to meet its legal obligations
under applicable laws or regulations, Know-Your-Customer and Anti-Money
Laundering regulations.
In addition, the Company may retain your Personal
Information for longer periods, provided that retaining such information is
necessary for the Company’s legitimate interests, such as fraud prevention and
record keeping.
If for any reason you wish to delete your Personal
Information, please send us an e-mail to: support@Casualx.app, and we will make
reasonable efforts to address your request.
Your rights
If you reside in the EU or in other locations that provide
you with the below rights, you may contact us at any time by email (at: support@Casualx.app),
and request:
1. To access or delete any Personal Information relating to
you;
2. To change or update any Personal Information relating to
you (for example, if you believe that your Personal Information is incorrect,
you may ask to have it corrected or deleted). Note that you may also request
that we will correct errors with regard to your Personal Information (except in
cases where the information is required to be kept in its original format under
any applicable laws and regulations);
3. That we will restrict or cease any further use of your
Personal Information;
4. That we will provide the Personal Information you
volunteered to us in a machine-readable format.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and requests
are subject to any applicable legal requirements, including any legal and
ethical reporting or document retention obligations. We may also rectify,
replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at
our own discretion, in accordance with our internal policies.
How we keep your information secured
We take great care in implementing and maintaining the
security of the Services and your information. We have put in place appropriate
physical and technological safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, to
maintain data security, and to use correctly the information we collect online.
These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we
collect and store.
We employ industry standard procedures and controls to
ensure the safety of our users’ information, such as:
·
Secure network topology, which includes
intrusion prevention and Firewall systems;
·
Encrypted communication;
·
Authentication and Access Control;
·
External and Internal audit tests; etc.
Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information,
we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or
abuse the Services, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise,
that we will prevent such access.
How to contact us
If you have any general questions about the Services or the
information that we collect about you and how we use it, please contact us via
email at support@Casualx.app.
We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable
timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time. If you are
unsatisfied with our response, you can reach out to the applicable data
protection supervisory authority.