KingSmith Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy was updated on May  20, 2024.
Our app supports a 10-year cycle, with an end date of May 20, 2033. We declare that we will not shorten the support period after release.
Please contact us if you have any problems.
Introduction
Before you register with or use the software and services (“this software” or “KS Fit App” for short) developed or provided by Beijing KingSmith Technology Co., Ltd. (“KingSmith” or “We” for short), you should read and understand the following terms (“this Policy”) carefully. This Policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, process and store the information you provide to us while using this software. If you don’t agree with or could not accurately understand this Policy or any terms therein, you should immediately stop registering, accessing or using this software. Once you’ve registered with and used this software, it shall be deemed that you have understood and fully accepted all terms under this Policy. This Policy constitutes the legally binding agreement between you and KingSmith.
We highly value your privacy and have created this Policy with your needs in mind. It is extremely important that you fully understand our practices in collecting and using personal information and make sure you have ultimate control over the personal information provided to us. In this Policy, personal information refers to data that can identify a specific individual through information itself or relevant information. We will strictly abide by this Policy while using that information and hope to bring the best user experience. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about how we process personal information as described in this Policy, please contact us via
privacy@kingsmith.com.cn
so that we can suit your particular needs. We’ll be glad to receive your feedback.
This Policy will help you understand:
1. How we collect and use your information
2. How we share, transfer or publicly disclose your information
3. How we store your personal information
4. How we protect your personal information
5. Your personal rights
6. Third-party service providers
7. How we update this Policy
8. Notes on personal information collection
9. How to contact us
I. How we collect and use your information
We collect and use your personal information for the purpose of providing you with products and/or services, and we undertake that we follow applicable laws, regulations and other normative documents while doing that. You have the right to decide whether you will provide such information, but you will need to provide it to use the product features we offer. If you choose to use a particular feature, you will need to provide or allow us to collect particular information; otherwise we would be unable to offer you the corresponding service or feature, nor would we be able to respond to your problems.
(I) Features and services
1. Log in to and register for an account
A. When you register for and log in at KS Fit App, you can create an account with your mobile phone number and build up your personal profile (including profile photo, nickname and password). We collect this information to help you register. You can also add other information to the profile, such as gender, birthday, height, weight, region, fitness device, fitness experience, and fitness goals.
B. You can also use a third-party account to register with or use KS Fit App and by doing so, you will authorize us to access your information (profile photo, nickname, mobile phone number (with password)) made public when you registered at the third-party platform and bind it with your KS Fit App account so that you can directly log in and use our product and relevant services.
2. Account security and troubleshooting
When you use our services, we will collect information related to the services you are using and how you use them, including information that may be produced when you use KS Fit App to exercise, publish comments, bullet-screen comments or use hashtags in the KS Fit App community, purchase products at the KS Fit App store, become a  KS Fit App member or use KS Fit App membership services, join KS Fit App paid training programs, and use KS Fit App hardware products or services, in order to understand product compatibility, safeguard your account security and system operation security, identify your account risks (if any), ensure normal services, and record and screen abnormal information. This information includes:
2.1 Device information
We will receive and record information related to your device within the scope of permissions you set while installing and/or using the software,
including the device model, operating system version information, device settings, mobile device version, device identifier (including IDFA, IDFV, IMEI, AndroidID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, AAID, and VAID), screen resolution, device context and other software and hardware features, information related to device location (including IP address, GPS location and WLAN access point that can provide relevant information, Bluetooth and base station sensor information). If you refuse to grant us corresponding permissions while installing and/or using the software, we will not collect such information.
2.2 Log information
A. Device or software information, including the configuration information provided by your mobile device, website browser or other programs used for accessing our services, your IP address, and the version of your mobile device and device identifier (including IDFA, IDFV, IMEI, AndroidID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, AAID, and VAID);
B. The information you have searched for or browsed while using our services, including the phases you entered on the web page, the URL address of the social media page you accessed, and other information and content you browsed or requested while using our services;
2.3 IP address
A.
Information about the mobile applications and other information you have used
and the use of such mobile applications and software;
B.
Information produced when you use our services to communicate
, including accounts, and communication date, data and duration;
C.
Information (metadata) produced when you use our services to share
, including photos you took or uploaded or the date, time or location of recording.
3. Intelligent device connection
To offer you this software and relevant services and help you connect with and manage intelligent devices safely, we need to collect eight types of personal information, i.e. your Wi-Fi information, Bluetooth information, location information, login account information, information about your mobile phone (or tablet, TV), information about your intelligent device, KingSmith account, and information associated with your intelligent device. This information will be used for helping you connect with the intelligent device quickly, find devices nearby, and manage the device. Details about such information are as follows:
Login account information: KingSmith account, nickname, and profile photo.
Information related to your mobile phone (or tablet, TV): Hardware device identifier (IMEI/OAID, Mac address, Android ID), mobile phone (or tablet, TV) model, system version information, system language, country or region of the mobile phone (or tablet, TV), app store version number, phone (or tablet, TV) screen size and resolution, CPU and display device information.
Intelligent device information: The device identifier (e.g. device IMEI, Mac address, and IP address), Bluetooth, software and hardware version number of the intelligent device.
If you refuse to provide the above personal information, you will be unable to use the service of connecting with an intelligent device.
4. Application and intelligent hardware upgrade
If you choose to upgrade the application and intelligent hardware, we will need to know the version information about your software application and your mobile phone (or tablet, TV) model to complete upgrading your software application. At the same time, we will need to collect information about the intelligent devices you have connected with and corresponding version number information to complete upgrading such intelligent devices so that you can access services of the latest version (including hardware version). If you refuse to provide this information, you will be unable to upgrade the application and intelligent hardware, but can still use other features.
5. Fitness scheme services
If you use our customized services such as customized lessons and recommended fitness schemes, we will collect information such as your height, weight, fitness goals and fitness preferences to suit the fitness plan or lesson to your physical conditions. If you hope we keep track of your body changes, you can offer us information about your height, weight and age and search for relevant information in our product.
6. User feedback
If you use the user feedback service, we will need to collect the problems you sent to us, the feedback log and your phone number or email address. This information will help us better understand the problems you faced when using our product and make it easy for us to contact you. If you refuse to provide this information, you will be unable to give us feedback and we will be unable to contact you, but you can still use other features.
7. Umeng+SDK service
Our product integrates Umeng+SDK. Umeng+SDK needs to collect your device Mac address and unique device identifier (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information) to provide statistical and analysis services, and know your geographical location to ensure the accuracy of report data and provide basic anti-cheat capacity.
8. Share feature
When you share or receive shared information in the KS Fit App, such as pictures, videos, links, and events, we need to access your
clipboard
locally and read the password, share code, and link so that you can jump to the new page or share it to others. We upload clipboard content to our server only when orders like jump, share, and linked events identified locally belong to KS Fit App. We will not upload other information on your clipboard to our server. And we may need your permission to see your phone album so that you can share or receive a video or picture.
In this case, the system of some phone devices will prompt the user that the App is accessing your clipboard or album, but the system prompt is unable to distinguish between a local action and an upload. And there may a possibility of wrong reporting due to differences in the statistical method. So if you find similar prompts and have questions, please contact us so that we can pinpoint the problem.
9. Permissions granted to App
9.1 Album
To deliver an all-around fitness experience to you,
our App will, with your authorization, encrypt and upload the videos and pictures you voluntarily uploaded to the server and store them
; meanwhile, you can refuse/cancel the authorization in the Settings at any time. Your refusal to grant us the permission will prevent you from using this feature, but you can still use other KS Fit App feature and services normally. But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect information nor provide the accompanying service; unless you have deleted your information according to law, a cancellation of the authorization will not affect the storage or processing of information we carried out based on your earlier authorization.
9.2 Network
With your authorization, KS Fit App can access WLAN and the local cellular network so that you can use the screen projection feature or other features of this software normally.
9.3 Notification
With your authorization, we can notify you of our lessons, events and training.
10. Equipment data logging and display.
When you use KS Fit to synchronize data from related devices, we collect and record information about your physical activity, including your
step coun
t,
exercise mode, step frequency, exercise distance, exercise time, heart rate, stroke count, stroke frequency, and heart rate
. In addition, we collect personal information about you, including your
nickname, gender, birthday, height, weight,
and body composition (body fat percentage). This information will be used to calculate and display your
heart rate
, step count, calorie consumption during exercise, and pace on the application page, so that you can better understand your physical activity status. Your personal information will also be used to provide you with exercise plan recommendations. This information will be displayed on the application page, and you can view it at any time.
If you voluntarily enable the course running and screen casting to TV functions, this information will be displayed in the course video and on the TV screen. If you enable the voice broadcast function, the treadmill device will broadcast your heart rate changes and whole kilometer information.
If you have not provided your personal information (including your gender, height, age, and weight), we will use default values to calculate and display your heart rate, step count, calorie consumption during exercise, and sleep time, and we will also use default values to provide you with exercise recommendations.
(II) Non-personal information
We will also collect other information which cannot be identified as information of particular individuals (i.e. information which does not belong to personal information), such as statistical data produced when you use a particular service, and your actions (such as clicks, page jumps, and view time). The purpose of collecting this information is to improve our services. The type and amount of information collected depends on how you use our products and/or services. We will aggregate such information to help us provide more useful information for our clients, and understand which parts of our website, products and services interest the clients most. For the purpose of this Policy, aggregated information will be deemed as non-personal information. If we use non-personal information and personal information at the same time, the former will be deemed as personal information when in use.
(III) Personal information of children
Our services are intended for the general public, but without consent of or guidance from their parents or guardians, children should not create a user account or use this software.
We value personal information protection for minors. If you are a minor, it is suggested that your guardians carefully read this Policy and you use our software or provide us with information upon consent of your guardians. We would only use or publicly disclose such information when allowed by laws, with explicit consent of your parents or guardians, or when necessary for children protection.
We will not collect children’s personal information on purpose, and if we find any child provides us with personal information without permission of an adult, we will delete his or her information from our database.
Although the definition of children differs depending on local laws and customs, we deem anyone under the age of 14 as children.
(V) Our promises
5.1 We will not display you advertisements according to sensitive topics (such as race, religion, sexual orientation and health condition).
5.2 We will not share with the ad operator information that can be used to identify your personal identity, such your name and email address (unless with your prior authorization and consent).
5.3 At no time and under no circumstances will we arbitrarily transfer or share your personal information to any third parties. Instead, we will only use information obtained according to this Policy to the extent permitted by law. We will create strict policies to protect personal information and unless with your prior authorization or otherwise specified by this Policy, we will not make public or provide third parties with your personal information.
5.4 As third-party services contained in KS Fit App services are provided by external third parties, KS Fit App is unable to obtain information produced when you use such third-party services. But
if you have explicitly agreed that a third party could get information about your geographical information, such third party will obtain your terminal location information through the KS Fit App interface. This information belongs to sensitive information, and your refusal to provide it will only prevent you from using third-party services but will not affect your normal use of KS Fit App features.
Please understand that the features and services we provide for you are in a constant state of upgrade and development. If a certain feature or service is not mentioned above and has collected your information, we will inform you of the content, scope and purpose of the information collected separately by means of page prompts, interactive process, and website announcements, among others, to get your consent.
Please note that if personal information processing activities needed for KS Fit App to carry out business exceed the scope of the permissions you originally granted to third parties, we will require your explicit consent before we process such personal information. Besides, we will strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations and require third parties to guarantee the legitimacy of the information provided thereby.
5.5 Without your separate consent, we will not provide your personal information to anyone.
5.6 We will not proactively obtain your location permission information. Due to some mobile phone system reasons, when you enable Bluetooth permission to search for nearby devices, you will be required to start location permission at the same time. However, this location permission is only used to search for nearby Bluetooth devices, and we will not use other locations
5.7 When you use the points mall service, you will need to fill in the shipping address. This address is only used for shipping goods, and we promise not to use it for any other purposes.
(I) Share
We will not sell any personal information to third parties.
We may sometimes share your personal information to third parties (defined below) to deliver or improve our products or services, including delivering them based on your request. If you no longer wish to allow us to share this information, please contact us via privacy@kingsmith.com.cn.
1. Information sharing selected by users
Upon your explicit consent or based on your voluntary choice, we will share information within the scope of your authorization to the third party designated by you.
2. Sharing your personal information with third-party service providers
As some of our services are provided by third-party service providers, we need to provide them with some of your personal information. For example, we will share your personal information with the positioning service providers like Amap which provide positioning services in our business. We will provide your device identification information with such service providers so that they can provide positioning services for you. KingSmith will use appropriate ways to share with such third parties your personal information or outsource the processing of your information to authorized third parties. We will adopt encryption methods to safeguard your information security. And for companies and organizations which we share personal information with, we will reasonably review their data security environment and sign a stringent data processing agreement with them while requiring third parties to take adequate protection measures for your information and strictly obey applicable laws and regulations as well as regulatory requirements.
Please be aware that you can check the specific details of our sharing with third parties by going to "Me" page - "Settings" - "Privacy Management" - "
Third Party Information Sharing List
"
.
If you wish to revoke your consent to share information during use, you can decide whether to change your authorization behavior through "Me" page - "Settings" - "Privacy Management" - "Revoke Privacy Policy Authorization" in KS Fit.
Refusing will only prevent you from using functions that have been revoked, but will not affect the normal use of other functions and services of KS Fit. However, once you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect that information and will not be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above. Unless you delete your information in accordance with legal requirements, your cancellation will not affect the storage or processing of information based on your previous authorization.
(II) Transfer
KingSmith will not transfer your information to any parties except in the following circumstances:
• Upon your explicit consent.
• If
KingSmith gets into a merger or acquisition or sells all or part of its assets and that may have an impact on your personal information, we will publish eye-catching notices via email and/or on our website or through other appropriate means to inform you of any change in the ownership and right of use in connection with your personal information, and any choice you may have over your personal information.
• Under circumstances already explained in this Policy or as you are notified through other means.
(III) Public disclosure
KingSmith may publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
• When we need to announce the winner of an event, competition or lucky draw, we will only publish limited information.
• We have obtained your explicit consent or you publicly disclosed your information via our services such as social media page or public forum.
• Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations and national standards, we may collect, process, share, transfer and publicly disclose your information without your prior authorization and consent:
(1) Where national security and national defense security is involved;
(2) Where public security, public health, and major public interests are involved;
(3) Where crime investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution are involved;
(4) Where it is necessary to safeguard the life, property and major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals but it is very hard to obtain consent from the individual;
(5) Where personal information collected is voluntarily made public by the of personal information subject;
(6) Where personal information is collected from information made public legally, such as legitimate news reports and government information disclosure platforms;
(7) Where necessary to sign the contract as requested by you;
(8) Where necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products and/or services provided, such as identifying and handling product and/or service failures;
(9) Where necessary for the purpose of legal news reports;
(10) Where necessary for academic research institutes to carry out statistics or academic research for the sake of public interests and personal information included in academic research or research results will be de-identified when they are provided externally.
III. How we store your personal information
(I) Where we store information
(II) How long we store information
We will keep your personal information for as long as necessary to achieve our purpose pursuant to laws and regulations. When our products or services stop operating, we will notify you in the form of notices, announcements and the like, and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable time limit. For public interest, scientific or historical research or statistical purposes, we will continue to keep relevant data pursuant to applicable laws, even if further data processing has nothing to do with why we originally collected such data.
IV. How we protect your personal information
(I) Information security
We will adopt reasonable measures to protect your personal information and prevent unauthorized access and disclosure. But considering that no Internet-based platform can be 100% secure, we cannot undertake that your personal information can always stay safe. You should carefully process and disclose your information, as well as the username and password needed to access our services.
In the case that a personal information security incident unfortunately happens, we will inform you in a timely manner pursuant to laws and regulations: basic situation of the security incident and possible impact, measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for guarding against and lowering risks on your own, and remedial measures for you. We will promptly inform you of the incident via email, letter, telephone, notification or other means, and when it is difficult to inform personal information subjects one by one, we will take reasonable and effective methods to release announcements.
At the same time, we will voluntarily report on the handling of personal information security incidents as required by the regulatory authorities.
(II) What should you do?
You should not disclose to anyone (unless someone is officially authorized by you) your login password or account information. And you can use a unique password for your KS Fit account because using the same password across multiple accounts will have a domino effect if a password leak occurs. At no time should you disclose to anyone (including those who claim they are KS Fit customer service personnel) the verification code you received. Whenever you log in to your KS Fit account, especially on others’ computer, mobile phone or public Internet terminal, you should log out after use.
KS Fit will not be liable for security breaches when third parties access your personal information due to your failure to keep your personal information private. Notwithstanding the preceding provision, you should inform us immediately if any other Internet user accesses your account without authorization or when any other security breach occurs.
Your assistance will be helpful for us to protect the privacy of your personal information.
V. Your personal rights
(I) Control Settings
We acknowledge that attention to privacy right varies from person to person. You can restrict collection, use, disclosure or processing of your personal information through the following means and control your privacy settings: open or close location access, Bluetooth, camera, position recording and mobile phone (or tablet, TV) read/write storage permission.
1. We have designed an interactive interface through which you can access, check and modify your personal information:
1.1 Tap
My
>
Profile Photo
(upper-left) >
Personal Information
to access and modify your personal profile, including profile photo, nickname, gender, birthday, height, weight, fitness device, fitness goals, and fitness experience;
1.2 Tap
My
>
Messages and Reminders
(upper-right) to set up, access and modify relevant information, including system notifications, selected event notifications, and fitness challenge notifications;
1.3 Tap
My
>
Settings
>
Privacy
to set up, access and modify your private information.
1.4 Tap
Fitness
>
Device Card
>
Settings
>
Unbinding
to delete information about the device that has been bound.
1.5 You can change or delete your personal address information through "My" - "Settings" - "My Shipping Address"
1.6 You can set personalized reminders for your device's activity by going to "
Mine
"-"
Activity
"-initiating activity-"
Settings
"
1.7 You can log in or log out of your KS Fit account.
privacy@kingsmith.com.cn 发送邮件的方式联系我们来改变您的决定。
If you previously agreed us to use your personal information for the abovementioned purposes, you can contact us at any time in written form or via email (privacy@kingsmith.com.cn) to change your decision.
(II) Your rights to your personal information
Depending on applicable laws and regulations in your country/region, you have the right to make requests for access, rectification and erasure in relation to any personal information we hold about you (hereinafter referred to as “the request”). You may access and update the details relating to the personal information in your KingSmith account by logging in to your account on your device. For additional information, please write to or email us.
Email address: privacy@kingsmith.com.cn.
1. If you think any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you are entitled to get your personal information corrected or completed based on the purpose of use.
2. Depending on applicable laws and regulations in your country/region, you have the right to request the deletion of your personal data. We will evaluate your request and take reasonable steps, including technical means, to deal with your request if it complies with the corresponding requirements. Please note that after you delete or we assist you in deleting relevant information, we may not be able to immediately remove it from the backup system due to applicable legal restrictions and security technology limitations. If this is the case, we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until the backup can be cleared or be made anonymous.
3. Withdrawal of consent. You may withdraw your consent previously provided to us for a particular purpose by submitting a request, including collecting, using, and/or disclosing your personal information in our possession or control. You can send an email to privacy@kingsmith.com.cn to request cancellation depending on the service you are using. We will process your request within a reasonable time from when the request is made, and thereafter will not collect, use, and/or disclose your personal information as per your request.
Please note that your withdrawal of consent may result in some legal consequences. Depending on how much authority you grant us to process your information, you may not be able to continue receiving the full benefit of KingSmith’s products or services. The withdrawal of your consent or authorization will not affect the validity of our processing carried out upon your authorization up until the point of withdrawal.
4. Canceling a service or account. You can use KS Fit APP - Me - Settings - Account and Security - Cancel Account. After completing this process, your account can be automatically cancelled. If you wish to cancel your KingSmith account, please note that cancellation of the KingSmith account will prevent you from using the full range of KingSmith products and services and be cautious about that. To protect your or others’ legitimate rights and interests, we will judge whether or not to support your request for cancellation based on your use of various KingSmith products and services. For example, if there still exist monies outstanding on your account, we cannot immediately support your request.
5. Most laws require the request made by a personal information subject meets particular requirements. In this Policy, your request should meet the following conditions:
(1) The request is submitted through our exclusive request channel and for the protection of your information security, your request should be in writing (unless the local law explicitly recognizes the oral request);
(2) You provide sufficient information to enable us to verify your identify and ensure that you are the data subject or legally authorized to act on the data subject’s behalf;
Once we obtain sufficient information to confirm that your request can be processed, we will proceed to respond to your request with [30 days].
6. Upon your reasonable request, we in principle may provide a copy of your personal data collected and processed by us free of charge. For any extra and unreasonable requests, we may charge a reasonable fee as the case may be.
7. We have the right to refuse to process requests that are not meaningful, manifestly unfounded or excessive, requests that damage others’ right to privacy, extremely unrealistic requests, and requests that require disproportionate technical work, as well as requests not required under local law, regarding information that has been made public, and regarding information given under confidential conditions. If we believe that certain aspects of the request to delete or access data may result in our inability to legally use the data for the aforementioned anti-fraud and security purposes, it may also be rejected. We will not be able to respond to your request in the following circumstances:
(1) Where the request is related to our performance of obligations stipulated by laws and regulations;
(2) Where the request is directly related to national security and national defense security;
(3) Where the request is directly related to public security, public heath, and major public interests;
(4) Where the request is directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
(5) Where we have ample evidence that you are malicious subjectively or abuse your rights;
(6) Where necessary to safeguard your or others’ lives, property and other major legitimate rights and interests and it is very difficult to obtain consent of you or others;
(7) Where responding to your request will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations;
(8) Where trade secret is involved.
VI. Third-party service providers
This Privacy Policy does not apply to products or services provided by a third party. The products or services in this software you use may include a third party’s products or services, involving location types. Some are provided in the form of a link to a third-party website and others take the form of SDK and API. When you use a third party’s products or services, your information may be collected. For this reason, we strongly recommend you read third parties’ privacy policies just like you read ours. We are not liable for how third parties use your personal information they collected from you, nor could we control such use. Our Privacy Policies does not to other websites linked through our services.
For detailed information, you can
click here to view the third-party list
VII. How we update this Policy
Our Privacy Policy may be updated.
We will release any update to this Policy on this page.
KingSmith relies on self-assessment to ensure compliance with this Policy, and regularly validates the correctness of this Policy, whether this Policy provides a comprehensive description of personal information involved, whether this Policy is displayed conspicuously and implemented completely, whether this Policy is accessible, and whether this Policy complies with relevant laws and regulations. We encourage interested individuals to raise questions to us via the contact information listed in this Policy. We will look into those questions and try to solve complaints and disputes related to the use and disclosure of personal information.
VII. Notes on collection of personal information
A description of rules for personal information collection in this Policy
IMEI
IMSI
Android_id
MAC address
To ensure you can use our services normally, maintain normal operation of basic game functions, optimize product performance of this game according to your device terminal and network status, improve your game experience and safeguard your account security, we will collect information including your device name, device type, device model and version, operating system, system attribute, IP address, operator information, Wi-Fi status/parameter, device identifier (such as IMEI, IMSI, MAC address, Android ID, and hardware serial number), application ID, network type, and sensor information. Please note that separate sensor information does not belong to personal information, and we will not use sensor information for other purposes.
To guarantee safe operation of software and services, as well as the quality and efficiency of operation, we will collect information about your device, including hardware model, operating system version number, device identifier (such as IMEI, AndroidID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, MEID, and hardware serial number in Android), network device hardware address (MAC address), IP address, WLAN access point (such as SSID and BSSID), Bluetooth, base station, software version number, method, type and status of network access, network quality data, operation, use and service logs, and device sensor data.
To identify your device ID, guard against malicious programs, enhance anti-cheating and service security, and ensure operation quality and efficiency, we will collect your device information (including IMEI, MEID, Android ID, IMSI, GUID, and MAC address), information about the applications you have installed or progress information about applications in operation.
List of applications already installed:
If you wish to share content you like to a third-party App when you use our services, we need to judge whether you have installed the third-party App so that you can use the share function correctly.
We adopt the link aggregation technology to send push notifications. After the App initialization, we will read the list of applications already installed. When a device has multiple active APP push links, we will randomly combine them into one link in a way that uses less power and traffic. This is why we need to obtain application list information.
We provide the function of sharing files via phone number. When using this function, you need to grant us permission to access the contacts in the user terminal. Contacts belong to sensitive personal information, and we will use the information only for the aforesaid purpose. If you don’t grant us permission, you will be unable to use the contacts share function. If you need to share a file to other Apps, we need to collect information about the list of applications you have installed, to judge whether a third-party application has been installed on your phone when you share a file.
When you use APP on an Android or IOS version platform, we provide you with share and top-up services. We need to access the list of applications already installed from your terminal to judge whether a third-party installation has been installed on your phone when you shares a file.
Hardware serial number
Product security guarantee function: To ensure your account security and system security, we need to access your device MAC address, IMSI, Android ID, IP address, hardware model, operating system version number, unique device identifier (IMEI), network device hardware address (MAC), software version number, method, type and status of network access, network quality data, operating logs, hardware serial number, service log information, applications in operation, and actions of installed applications.
To ensure safe operation of software and services as well as operation quality and efficiency, we will collect your hardware model, operating system version number, device identifier (different identifiers vary in the validity period, whether they can be reset by users and how they can be accessed); network device hardware address (MAC address); hardware serial number, IP address, WLAN access point (such as SSID and BSSID), Bluetooth, base station, software version number, method, type and status of network access, network quality data, and operation, use and service log information.
You need to provide your mobile phone number and verification code when you register/log in to the account and when you use the App services, you need to use your phone number as the account login name. When you log in, we also need to collect your hardware serial number, unique device identifier (android_id, Mac address, IMEI, IMSI, and SIM serial number) to verify the account and password and complete the login; if you refuse to provide personal information including your mobile phone number, verification code and password, you may not be able to successfully register/log in to the App account.
SIM card serial number: Pursuant to relevant anti-money laundering laws, you need to provide a real and traceable SIM card to register with our App. And to prevent users from using a virtual SIM card to register and obtain in-app benefits, we will access and store your SIM serial number and regularly screen users who violate applicable national laws and the user agreement. In the case of suspected violations of laws, we will cooperate with the law enforcement authority and provide your SIM card serial number information as required by laws.
You need to provide your mobile phone number and verification code when you register/log in to the account and when you use the App services, you need to use your phone number as the account login name. When you log in, we also need to collect your hardware serial number, unique device identifier (android_id, Mac address, IMEI, IMSI, and SIM card serial number) to verify the account and password and complete the login; if you refuse to provide personal information including your mobile phone number, verification code and password, you may not be able to successfully register/log in to the App account.
What kind of personal information is collected: Device identifier (IMEI/Mac/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card serial number) and mobile phone number
While the device sensor provides you with content of the same city or content or services related with your device location, we will, with your authorization, use geographical location information (such as precise location information, WLAN access point, Bluetooth and base station, and sensor information) related to the service to guarantee the quality of such content or services. Precise location information belongs to sensitive personal information and if you refuse to allow us access to your location, it will affect the accuracy of positioning but will not affect the normal use of other features and services. We will only display you relevant content or services based on the city and/or district (county) corresponding to network information (such as IP).
When we use the App, we will collect direction sensor and gyroscope device sensor information to judge whether you are a real user. When you use video recording, photograph and relevant features, we will collect accelerometer information to determine orientation.
When you use our gaming service, we will rely on the device’s gyroscope, accelerometer and gravity sensor to identify and determine your device status.
Please understand that separate device sensor data does not involve any personal location information and cannot be used in combination with other information to identify the identity of a particular individual.
IP address
Product security guarantee function: To ensure your account security and system security, we need to access your device MAC address, IMSI, Android ID, IP address, hardware model, operating system version number, unique device identifier (IMEI), network device hardware address (MAC), software version number, method, type and status of network access, network quality data, operating logs, hardware serial number, service log information, applications in operation, and actions of installed applications.
To ensure safe operation of software and services as well as operation quality and efficiency, we will collect your hardware model, operating system version number, device identifier (such as IMEI, AndroidID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID and MEID in Android, IDFV and IDFA in iOS; different identifiers vary in the validity period, whether they can be reset by users and how they can be accessed); network device hardware address (MAC address); hardware serial number, IP address, WLAN access point (such as SSID and BSSID), Bluetooth, base station, software version number, method, type and status of network access, network quality data, and operation, use and service logs, and sensor information.
To allocate servers in the principle of physical proximity and increase overall use and access speed for users, we will collect your IP address.
Clipboard: When you share or receive shared information and take part in our events, we need to access your clipboard locally and read the password, share code, and link so that you can jump to the new page or share it to others. We upload clipboard content to our server only when orders like jump, share, and linked events identified locally belong to KS Fit App. We will not upload other information on your clipboard to our server. And we may need your permission to see your phone album so that you can share or receive a video or picture.
When you share an event password or link, we will collect your profile photo and nickname and call your clipboard function to judge whether there is relevant password code information. After we collect that information, we verify it on the server and then give you feedback on the content you need or bind to relevant benefits. We will not store other information on your clipboard.
[Authorized login] When you use a third-party account to log in, we will write and read in the clipboard information needed for login. This information is used only for login-related purposes, and we will not collect your private information.
Local storage permission
Additional services based on external storage reads and writes: You may enable local storage permission and upload your photos/pictures/videos to issue comments/share or provide proof when communicating with the customer service personnel.
Local storage permission: When you use the video cache feature, we need the storage permission so that you can download videos. Enabling storage permission also makes it easy to store photos when you take photos or change a profile photo.
Read/write local storage permission: To make sure you play games safely, ensure your account security, and help you keep and store gaming data, we need read/write local storage permission, including modifying/deleting content in the SD card and reading content in the SD card.
Local information: For the purpose of optimizing product use based on statistics and analysis, ensuring the accuracy of report data through geographical location, and enhancing the basic anti-cheat capacity, we need access to device information, MAC address, location information, and network information.
To the extent permitted by laws, when you access our website and platform or use our gaming program, you provide location information, including the location information provided when your mobile device interacts with our website, platform or program or location information related to your IP address, to find people nearby to play with.
To provide you with location service regarding the registered address of the organization and enhance our services, we will, upon your authorization, collect your location information produced when you use our services. When you enable the positioning feature in the mobile device and use location-based services, we will collect and use your location information to help you plan a route to the location of the registered address of the organization. We will obtain your location information (accuracy varies) using relevant technologies, including IP address and GPS. You may disable the positioning feature in the system of your mobile device so that we will stop collecting your location information, but you may be unable to use our services based on geographical location or get relevant services with the expected result.
Mobile phone number: To ensure compliance with laws and regulations and provide you with relevant services, when you register as our user, you need to create an account with your mobile phone number and provide relevant network identity information (such as password); if you only need to use the basic search feature, you do not need to register as our user and provide that information.
Registration/login: When you register and log in to our products/or services, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number and login password to register/log in successfully. You mobile phone number is collected to meet the network real-name registration requirement of relevant laws and regulations. If you refuse to provide your mobile phone number for verification, you will not be able to register/log in, but you can still browse, search for and play videos.
When you register, you need to at least provide us with the APP login password you plan to use and your mobile phone number, and we will verify whether your identity is valid by sending you a message authentication code. We also have the right to verify the authenticity, legitimacy and validity of that information through third-party organizations including telecommunications operators. When necessary, we also have the right to verify the authenticity, legitimacy and validity of your information provided including but not limited to name, gender, age, city of residence (or non-city area) and contact through the aforementioned means.
Device account information: We provide you with third-party authorized login service. Upon your consent, we will obtain your device account information (profile photo, nickname, and other information shown on the page) from third parties including Tencent QQ, WeChat, Apple, and other mobile communications service providers. Upon your consent of this Policy, we will bind your third-party account with your XXX general account, so that you can easily and directly use some of our products or services through the third-party account. We will use your personal information within the scope of your authorization and in conformity of relevant laws and regulations after confirming the legality of the source of personal information according to our agreement with the third party.
We may access relevant information that can be shared with your authorization from related parties and third-party partners. For example, we may access your device account information (profile photo and nickname) which you have authorized to be sharable from a third party and bind your third-party account with your XXXAPP account upon your consent of this Privacy Policy, so that you can directly log in to and use our products and/or services through the third-party account.
VIII. Contact us
If you have any opinions or questions about this Policy, or if you have any questions about how we collect, use or disclose your personal information, please contact us via the email address below. Please remember to mention Privacy Policy in your email. We have set up a team dedicated to responding to your requests and inquiries regarding personal information. If your question itself involves major issues, we may ask you to provide more information. If you are not satisfied with our reply, you may transfer the complaint to the regulator in the jurisdiction in which we are located. When you consult with us, we will provide possibly applicable information regarding relevant complaint channels in light of your actual situation.
Contact address:
Room 410, F/4, Inside 101, Floors 1-15, Building 25, Area 18, No. 188 South Fourth Ring West Road, Fengtai District, Beijing 100070 China
Email address: privacy@kingsmith.com.cn
In general, we will reply within [30 days].