Synchrony cares about you and your privacy.
Online Privacy Policy
Effective as of July 1, 2024
Synchrony Bank and each of its affiliate companies (collectively, “Synchrony,” “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) carefully before using this website (the “Site”). This site is not directed to or intended for individuals under 18 years of age.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from visitors to the Site, what we do with this information, and how visitors can update and control the use of the information they provide on the Site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through this Site. The Privacy Policy does not apply to other information we may collect, including data collected on other websites, such as separate sites operated by our affiliates or business partners, or other information visitors may provide to us through other means.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Through the use of or access to our Site for online inquiry regarding the products and services we offer (“Services”) or otherwise, we may collect personal information about you, which is information that identifies you as an individual, relates to you as an individual, or that, along with other information, could identify you (“Personal Information”).  We collect the following types of Personal Information:
Information Provided by You
We collect Personal Information from you when you:
Create an account.
When you create an account with us, you will provide Synchrony your contact information.
Apply for our Services.
When you submit an application to participate in our service offerings, we may request that you provide certain information including your name, date of birth, contact information, business information, financial information, relevant government issued identification numbers such as your Social Security Number or driver’s license number, reference information, and any additional information that you may include in your application.
Access our Site.
For some products, to be able to access the Site, you must provide your telephone number and the last four digits of your Social Security Number.
Interact with our Site or Services.
When you send us any feedback, questions, comments, or suggestions, participate in one of our surveys, or interact with Synchrony in any way, you may provide us with Personal Information, such as your name, telephone number, address, and email address.
Information Collected Automatically
We may automatically collect the following Personal Information as you use our Site or Services:
Usage Information.
Which pages on our Site you access, the frequency of access, what you click on while on the Site, how long you access the Site, and when you accessed the Site. This may also include information regarding the manner in which you use our Services, such as information regarding the purchases made using our offerings.
Location Information.
Information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address or mobile device.
Device Information.
Information about the device you are using, such as hardware model, operating system, browser, and IP address.
Mobile Device Information.
Mobile network information, such as the unique identifier assigned to the device, mobile carrier, operating system, and other device attributes.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
We may obtain Personal Information about you from third parties, such as credit bureaus and demographic firms, when you use our Site or Services. We may also obtain information about you from Payfone, the vendor that assists us in verifying and authenticating your identity via mobile device.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cookies.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer’s hard drive or temporarily in your computer’s memory. We seek to place and store Internet cookies on your hard drive. Cookies can save any of the types of information noted above. Cookies enable us to personalize your viewing experience and allow us to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of the Site and to promotions on other sites. We also utilize third parties that may place and store Internet cookies on your hard drive for web analytics. These third-party cookies collect information about our Site traffic by tracking users across websites and across time and generating reports for us to better understand our Site users and to create audiences for our advertisements based on such understanding. Third-party ad network providers that help us present ads on the Site may also place cookies on your device to service you with ads or other content personalized to your interests.
Adobe Analytics.
We use a tool called “Adobe Analytics” for analytics and advertising services. We use the information we get from Adobe Analytics to improve the Services and to improve our ad performance. Adobe’s ability to use and share information collected by Adobe Analytics about your use of the Services or visits to the Site or to another application which partners with Adobe, is restricted by Adobe Analytics Terms of Use and the Adobe Privacy Policy available at:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/marketing-cloud.html
.
Google Analytics.
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect some information we listed above about your use of the Site and Services. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve the Services. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded, that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your use of the Services or visits to the Site or to another application which partners with Google is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy available at:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
Social Media Widgets.
Our Site includes social media features, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Site, and they may set a cookie to ensure the feature functions properly. These features may also provide you with personalized ad content. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
We use the Personal Information we collect to provide the Services to you, to improve our Site and Services, and to protect our legal rights. Specifically, we use the Personal Information we collect to:
Provide you with the Services.
Validate cell phone use.
Communicate with you.
To communicate with you about our Site or Services, to send you updates, or to inform you of any changes to the Site or Services.
Provide customer support.
To provide you support or other services you request.
To communicate about new features.
We will send you notifications about new features or information available on our Services or third-party products that we feel might be of interest to you.
Maintain and improve our Site and Services.
We analyze how our users interact with the Site in order to maintain and improve the Site and Services.
For analytics and marketing purposes.
We analyze how our users interact with our Site and utilize our Services to better understand their needs and conduct marketing and advertising activities to promote our brand.
Benchmarking.
We aggregate your information in order to gain insights into our Services.
Prevent fraud and abuse.
Comply with applicable law.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with our service providers, among our entities, in connection with the provision of the Services, a corporate restructuring, to prevent harm, to comply with the law, and to protect our legal rights. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in providing our Services, complying with the law, and protecting our rights and those of others.
Service Providers.
We share Personal Information with service providers that help us perform Site functions and provide you with the Services, such as Adobe and Google Analytics.
Advertising and Marketing.
We may share your Personal Information with third parties so that they may provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you. We also share certain Personal Information with LiveRamp, our marketing service provider, to improve our marketing services. Personal Information gathered through the SMS (Short Message Service/Text Message) Program will not be shared with third parties. You may opt out of the use of LiveRamp at any time by visiting
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
Corporate Restructuring.
We may share your Personal Information if we are involved or intend to be involved in a merger, acquisition, consolidation, change of control, or sale of all or a portion of our assets or in connection with bankruptcy or liquidation proceedings.
To Prevent Harm.
We may share your Personal Information if we believe it is necessary in order to detect, investigate, prevent, or take action against illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the rights, property, or personal safety of any person.
To Protect Our Rights and As Required by Law.
We will share Personal Information where we are legally required to do so, such as in response to court orders or legal process, to exercise our legal rights, to defend against legal claims or demands, or to comply with the requirements of any mandatory applicable law. We will also share Personal Information as necessary to enforce any other terms that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property, interest, or safety of Synchrony, its users, or any other person, or the copyright-protected content of the Services.
With Your Consent.
We will request your permission to use or share your Personal Information for a specific purpose that is not compatible with the purposes listed here. We will notify you and request consent before we provide the Personal Information or before the Personal Information you have already provided is shared for such purpose.
SECURITY
At Synchrony, our goal is to protect your Personal Information submitted to us through this Site. We maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect and limit access to your Personal Information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage technology is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account username and password. We recommend that you choose a unique password for your account and that you do not use any password that you also use for any other accounts which may contain your sensitive information, such as financial accounts or email accounts. You agree to immediately notify Synchrony of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision.
If you access our Site from a public or shared computer, it may be possible for other users to review your online history. For this reason, you should always close your browser window after you finish any online banking session, including visiting our Site. If you access our Site from a shared computer, you should never set the Internet options to remember or store user IDs or passwords. Also, you should never go to websites or follow web links that are unfamiliar or seem suspicious to you.
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
Access, Correct, or View Your Personal Information.
You may use your account to view, access, or correct certain Personal Information you provided to us and which is associated with your account.
Do Not Track.
We take no action in response to “Do Not Track” requests received from user’s web browsing software.
Cookies.
If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, certain features of our Site or other services may not work if you delete or disable certain cookies.
Google Analytics.
To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Adobe Analytics.
To prevent your data from being used by Adobe Analytics, you can download the Adobe Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Adobe Analytics, which can be found here:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#customeruse
.
Third-Party Advertising and Marketing.
If you do not wish for us to share your information with third parties for advertising or marketing purposes, you may choose to opt out at any time by directing such request to 1-844-894-3960.
Online Advertising.
To opt out of Internet-based advertising or to learn more about the use of this information by our service providers, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative website (
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
) or the Digital Advertising Alliance website (
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
), or if you are in the EU, the EDAA (
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). If you choose to opt out, we will place an “opt-out cookie” on your computer. The “opt-out cookie” is browser specific and device specific and only lasts until cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The opt-out cookie will not work for some cookies that are important to how our websites and mobile apps work. If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade your browser or if you visit us from a different computer, you will need to return to the applicable website to re-select your preferences.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This Privacy Policy only applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Information we collect from visitors and customers online through our Site. Once you leave our Site, either by a link or by entering a new Internet address in your browser’s address window, we no longer have control over information security, and we are not responsible for the content, privacy practices or your use of other websites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of those other sites.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Residents of California (“California Consumers”) have certain rights with respect to the collection, use, transfer, and processing of Personal Information, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act as modified by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “CCPA”).
Please note that the CCPA does not apply to certain information, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act (“GLBA”).  To that end, these disclosures do not apply with respect to information that we collect about California Consumers who apply for or obtain our financial products and services for personal, family, or household purposes. For more information about how we collect, disclose, and secure information relating to these consumers, please refer to our
GLBA Privacy Notice
. Additionally, we reserve the right to limit these rights where permitted under applicable law, including where your identity cannot be reasonably verified or to the extent your rights adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
To exercise any of the rights made available under the CCPA, please contact us via the contact information below. Only you or your authorized agent may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this section shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the CCPA.
Collection of Personal Information
When California Consumers access our Site, we collect the following Personal Information:
Personal Identifiers
Name
Age
Address
Email address
Telephone number
Date of birth
Social Security Number
Account numbers and related financial information
Business contact information
Characteristics of Protect Classifications
Age (over 40)
Sex / gender
Marital status
Commercial Information
Information regarding purchases made using our Services
Information regarding your interactions with our Partners and Affiliates
Biometric Information
Voiceprint identification
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
The Internet Protocol address that relates to the machine or device used to access our Site
The type of browser and operating system used
The date and time when the Site is visited
Device ID if you are on a mobile device
Web pages displayed
Geolocation Data
IP or GPS based geolocation information
Sensory Data
Call and Meeting recordings
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Business Contact Information
Business Reference Information
Inferences
Inferences we develop based on your interactions with our Services
Sensitive Personal Information
Social Security  Number
Driver’s License Number
Precise geolocation information
Financial Account information including log-in, number, and access credentials
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
The foregoing pieces of information have been collected about our consumers in the past 12 months.
Sources from which Personal Information Is Collected
We may collect the following categories of Personal Information directly from you or by logging your interactions with our Services.
Identifiers, Characteristics, Commercial Information, Biometric Information, Internet, Geolocation, Sensory, Professional, Inferences, and Sensitive.
We may also collect these categories of Personal Information from the following sources:
Publicly available sources
Service Providers, Consumer Data Brokers, and Credit Reporting Agencies
Affiliates
Your representatives or agents
Business or Commercial Purposes for which Personal Information Is Collected
Your Personal Information is used for the following purposes:
Provide you with the Services.
Validate cell phone use.
Communicate with you.
To communicate with you about our Site or Services, to send you updates, or to inform you of any changes to the Site or Services.
Provide customer support.
To provide you support or other services you request.
To communicate about new features.
We will send you notifications about new features or information available on our Services or third-party products that we feel might be of interest to you.
Maintain and improve our Site and Services.
We analyze how our users interact with the Site in order to maintain and improve the Site and Services.
Benchmarking.
We aggregate your information in order to gain insights into our Services.
For analytics and marketing purposes.
We analyze how our users interact with our Site and utilize our Services to better understand their needs and conduct marketing and advertising activities to promote our brand.
Prevent fraud and other illegal activities.
Comply with applicable law.
Defend our legal rights.
Third Parties to Whom Personal Information Is
Disclosed, Shared, or Sold
Synchrony discloses your Personal Information to analytics and service providers, advertisers, business partners and law enforcement (if necessary).
In the preceding 12 months, we have not sold Personal Information about consumers for monetary consideration. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies may be considered a sale or sharing of Personal Information under the CCPA.  Categories of Personal Information that we have sold under the CCPA include identifiers and Internet or other similar network activity. Categories of third parties to whom Personal Information is sold under the CCPA include data analytics providers and advertising and marketing providers
.
In the preceding 12 months, we have not knowingly sold or shared Personal Information of California Consumers under 16 years of age.
In the preceding 12 months, we have not knowingly sold or shared Sensitive Personal Information of California Consumers for purposes not specifically authorized under the CCPA.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following Personal Information about consumers for business purposes:
Identifiers, Other Personal Information (Financial Information), Employment Information, Commercial Information, Geolocation Information, and Sensitive Information.
We share this information with our service providers to allow them to perform services on behalf of Synchrony. We may also share this information with our business partners so that they may provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information.
We share with or allow third parties to utilize cookies for marketing or advertising customized to your apparent interests or needs (more information located in the “Information Collected Automatically” section above).
Individual Rights
Right for You to Access Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or Sold
You have the right to request that Synchrony disclose the Personal Information it collects, uses, and discloses about you to third parties:
Upon receipt of your verifiable Right to Access request, you will receive the following information about you:
Categories of personal information collected;
Categories of sources from which personal information are collected;
Specific pieces of personal information collected about you;
Business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing; and
Categories of third parties to whom personal information was disclosed.
This information will be provided to you free of charge, unless Synchrony determines that your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. You may request this information twice in a 12-month period. This Right to Access is subject to certain restrictions. We will identify in our response to your request if such a restriction applies. Synchrony employees and employees of Synchrony business partners and service providers may also make a Right to Access request under the CCPA, subject to certain limitations.
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
Synchrony does not sell any Personal Information of California Consumers for monetary consideration.  However, we use certain third-party advertising and analytical cookies that may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of data under California law.
California Consumers have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. It also allows you the right to opt out from our processing of your personal data for targeted advertising or analytic purposes. If you wish to opt out of advertising or analytic cookies, you can do so via our Cookie Management Options banner. Within the Cookie Setting you can choose your cookie preferences. You may also opt out of the collection and processing of data by LiveRamp by following the instructions, available
here
.
Synchrony web properties respond to the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”), which allows you to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information if enabled. If you have the GPC enabled, we will not sell or share your personal information. To learn more about the GPC, please visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
.
Please note that opt-out choices may be stored via cookies.  If you clear cookies, if your browser blocks cookies, or if you visit the site from a different browser or device, your opt-out choices may not be recognized or honored.
Right of Erasure
You have the right to request that Synchrony and our service providers erase any Personal Information about yourself, which Synchrony has collected from you upon receipt of a verifiable request. This right is subject to certain restrictions. We will identify in our response to your request if such a restriction applies.
Right of Correction
You have the right to request that Synchrony and our service providers correct any Personal Information about yourself, which Synchrony has collected from you upon receipt of a verifiable request. This right is subject to certain restrictions. We will identify in our response to your request if such a restriction applies.
Submitting Requests
You or your authorized agent can submit your request by calling us at 1-844-894-3960 or visiting our request website at
https://www.synchronycredit.com/cpra/
.
Verifying Requests
Synchrony provides California Consumers with an online webform to submit requests. The webform is accessible at
https://www.synchronycredit.com/cpra/
. As stated in the webform, Synchrony must verify that the person requesting information or deletion is the California Consumer about whom the request relates in order to process the request. To verify a California Consumer’s identity, we may request up to three pieces of Personal Information about you when you make a request to compare against our records. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity.
We may also require your authorized agent to provide proof of authorization, such as requiring you to verify your own identity directly with us or directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request on your behalf. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in your request to verify your identity. Synchrony reserves the right to take additional steps as necessary to verify the identity of California Consumers where we have reason to believe a request is fraudulent.
Right of No Retaliation
Synchrony will not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your rights, including, but not limited to, by:
Denying goods or services to you.
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you.
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Retaliating against an employee, applicant for employment, or independent contractor.
Annual Metrics
The following information is provided in accordance with the requirements of the CCPA: Click here to access the Annual Metrics:
https://www.syf.com/ccpametrics
.
WASHINGTON CONSUMER HEALTH DATA NOTICE (“Washington Privacy Notice”)
Effective Date
: July 1, 2024
This Washington Privacy Notice supplements the Synchrony
Online Privacy Policy
(“Synchrony Privacy Policy”) and applies specifically to “Consumers” as defined under Washington’s My Health My Data Act (“
MHMDA
”).
This Washington Privacy Notice describes Synchrony Bank’s, and each of its affiliated companies’ (collectively, “
Synchrony
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”) practices regarding the collection, use, sharing and disclosure of Consumer Health Data (as defined below). Any capitalized terms not defined in this Washington Privacy Notice shall have the meanings given to them in the Synchrony Privacy Policy. Importantly, this Washington Privacy Notice does not supersede, replace, or otherwise amend the Synchrony Privacy Policy.
Consumer Health Data Collected
For purposes of this Washington Privacy Notice, Consumer Health Data (“
CHD
”) means “consumer health data” as defined under the MHMDA. Generally, CHD includes personal information that is linked or reasonably linkable to a Consumer and that identifies the Consumer’s past, present, or future physical or mental health status. Importantly,
CHD does not include
information that does not qualify as CHD under the MHMDA. For example, CHD does not include information subject to the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) and its implementing regulations. This means that any information relating to or derived from your use of or application to our financial products or services is not subject to the terms of this Notice.
With your consent or where necessary to provide the products and services you request, we may collect or receive the categories of CHD listed below. Not all categories will be collected or received for every individual.
Information suggesting an interest in specific health related products, procedures, or treatments; and
Information relating to searches for specific healthcare providers through our online tools.
Sources of CHD
We may collect each category of information described above through your use of our Services. For example, we may collect or infer certain information when you enter search terms on, or otherwise use, our websites or Services. Similarly, we may collect or infer certain information about you when you interact with our advertisements on third party websites. Where this information pertains to actual or potential medical treatment or diagnoses, it may qualify as CHD.
We may also collect information which may contain CHD from our business partners, joint marketing partners, public databases, providers of demographic data, publications, professional organizations, social media platforms, caregivers, third party information providers, service providers with whom  we have a contractual relationship and to whom  you have provided your personal information, cookies and other tracking technologies, and Third Parties when they share the information with us.
Why Consumer Health Data Is Collected and How It Is Used
We—and our Service Providers—may collect, process and use the CHD described in this Policy for the following purposes:
Providing the Services as may be reasonably expected by an average consumer who requesting such Services;
Maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on our behalf;
Ensuring security and integrity of our Site and Services to the extent the use of the consumer's CHD is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our Services, or to improve, upgrade, or enhance our Services;
Personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services;
Conducting research, analytics, and data analysis;
Performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations;
Complying with law, legal process, and internal policies;
Maintaining business records;
Exercising and defending legal claims; and
Otherwise accomplishing our business purposes and objectives.
Our Disclosure and Sharing of CHD
We may disclose or share each of the categories of CHD described above with your consent or where necessary to provide the products and services you request. In particular, we may disclose or share personal data, including CHD to complete transactions, provide products or services you have requested, or for the purposes described in this Notice. We may disclose to or share information with the following categories of parties:
Service Providers
. We may disclose CHD to our Service Providers in order to enable them to provide us with products and services, such as web hosting, mobile application hosting, data analysis, payment processing, customer service, infrastructure provisioning, IT services, email and direct mail delivery services, auditing, legal services, and other similar services that are essential to our provision of Services. We may also share information with our Service Providers that enable us to better understand the functionality and effectiveness of our websites and Services, and with business partners that provide advertising and other technology services.
Third Parties.
We may disclose your CHD to the following categories of Third Parties:
Third Party Co-Branding and Co-Marketing Partners
. We may share your CHD with our third-party partners with whom we offer a co-branded or co-marketed promotion, such as where we offer special offers related to specifically branded third party products. Any such parties will be identified in the product offering.
Business Transfers or Assignments.
We may disclose your CHD to other entities as reasonably necessary to facilitate a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture or collaboration, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Legal and Regulatory.
We may disclose your CHD to government authorities, law enforcement, courts, or similarly situated third parties for our business operational purposes, to assert and defend legal claims, and otherwise as permitted or required by law.
Other Third Parties at Your Direction.
We may disclose your CHD to any Third Party with your consent or at your direction.
Exercising Consumer Data Rights
Residents of Washington have certain rights under the MHMDA with respect to the collection and use of their CHD. These rights may include:
The right to confirm whether we collect, share or sell your CHD;
The right to access such CHD, including a list of the third parties to whom the information may have been shared;
The right to withdraw consent from our collection and sharing of CHD;
The right to withdraw consent from our sale of CHD; and
The right to delete your CHD.
Residents of Washington may exercise any of these rights by calling us at 1-844-894-3960, visiting our request website at
https://www.synchronycredit.com/cpra/
or by referring to the “Contact Us” section below.
Changes to This Washington Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Washington Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make material changes to this Washington Privacy Notice, we will notify you by posting an updated Washington Privacy Notice on our Services, including the effective date of such updates. We may also provide notice by email or through a pop-up banner on the Services, where appropriate.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Washington Privacy Notice, you can contact the Synchrony Privacy Officer by email at
privacyoffice@syf.com
.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
This is a United States-based website that is subject to United States law. This Site is controlled, operated and administered by Synchrony from its offices within the United States. This Privacy Policy is provided in accordance with and subject to applicable U.S. law. If you are accessing this Site using a computer that is located outside the United States, you are responsible to ensure that your Internet connection is secure and is not monitored, legally or otherwise, by any third party or jurisdiction. If you are unsure of the security of your international Internet access, you should refrain from accessing this Site until you have confirmed that your access is secure and not monitored. If you decide to continue to access this Site from your location outside the United States, you hereby agree that your use of this Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and U.S. law and that you are responsible for complying with applicable laws in all jurisdictions that govern your use and access of this Site.
EUROPEAN, SWISS, AND UNITED KINGDOM USERS
This section of our Policy provides certain required information to persons located in the United Kingdom (“UK”), European Union (“EU”), a European Economic Area (“EEA”) member state, or Switzerland. Before Synchrony collects any Personal Information from you, you are entitled under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) to the information in this section of our Policy.
Purposes and Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
Synchrony will only process your Personal Information for lawful purposes under the GDPR related to Synchrony's business purposes arising from your relationship with Synchrony. Synchrony will ordinarily collect and process your Personal Information because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or because Synchrony has another legitimate interest in doing so. When Synchrony cannot rely on either of such legal grounds, it will seek your prior consent.
Rights of Residents of the European Union (EU), Switzerland, and the UK
If you use the Site and reside in the UK, EU, EEA, or Switzerland, you are entitled by law to access, correct, amend, or delete Personal Information about you that we hold. A list of these rights is below. Please note that these rights are not absolute and certain exemptions apply.
The right to access.
You have the right to ask us for copies of your Personal Information. This right has some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the Personal Information we collect and process. When making a request, please provide an accurate description of the Personal Information you want access to.
The right to rectification.
You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
The right to erasure.
You have the right to ask us to erase your Personal Information in certain circumstances, including: (i) when your Personal Information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or processed, or (ii) your Personal Information must be erased to comply with a legal obligation in EU Union or Member State law.
The right to restrict processing.
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information in certain circumstances, including: (i) when the accuracy of the Personal Information is brought into question, or (ii) when we no longer need the Personal Information for purposes of the processing, but you require such Personal Information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of a legal claim.
The right to object to processing.
You have the right to object to processing of your Personal Information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to ask that we transfer the Personal Information you gave us from one organization to another, or give it to you.
The right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
If you believe your rights under the GDPR have been violated, the GDPR gives you the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at
https://www.synchrony.com/contact-us.html
. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request. In the event that we refuse a request under rights of access, we will provide you a reason as to why.
Right to Withdraw Consent
If Synchrony obtains your written consent to collect and process your Personal Information, you can subsequently withdraw such consent as to any further processing of information by contacting us at
https://www.synchrony.com/contact-us.html
.
Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information
Personal Information that you provide while in the UK, EU, an EEA member state, or Switzerland will be transferred to the United States. Applicable European privacy law, such as the UK DPA and the GDPR permits such transfer when necessary for the performance of a contract between you and Synchrony, if Synchrony obtains your explicit consent to such transfer, or if it is in Synchrony’s legitimate interest to transfer the Personal Information. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. However, when transferring Personal Information to and processing Personal Information in the United States, Synchrony will implement appropriate safeguards and process the Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. By using our Site, you agree to the transfer and processing of your Personal Information to the United States.
Retention of Your Personal Information
We will retain your Personal Information until the Personal Information is no longer necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it was provided. We may retain your Personal Information for longer periods for specific purposes to the extent that we are obliged to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, to protect you, other people, and us from fraud, abuse, and unauthorized access, as necessary to protect our legal rights, or for certain business requirements.
CHANGES TO THIS  ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. If we make any material change to the Privacy Policy, we will update our Site to include such changes. We recommend that you review this Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at
privacyoffice@syf.com
.
[WF9482674B]
(6/18)
General Online Privacy Policy (REV 6/2024)
ONLINE HTML
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/marketing-cloud.html:
Adobe Experience Cloud privacy
Last updated: December 5, 2022
The
Adobe Experience Cloud solutions
enable our business customers to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and social media pages. These companies use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors on their websites, apps, and social media pages. The solutions also allow the companies to provide you with more relevant messages within their emails, text messages, and other online and offline marketing campaigns. In general, companies use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions when they want to better understand and improve their online resources and marketing.
What types of solutions are part of the Adobe Experience Cloud?
The Adobe Experience Cloud solutions fall into four general categories:
Measurement solutions, which help companies measure and understand how you use their websites, apps, social media pages, as well as how you interact with their online marketing campaigns.
Personalization solutions, which help companies test new content and make their websites, apps, social media pages, and emails more relevant to you.
Content management solutions, which help companies store, update, and deliver images and other content on their websites, within their apps, and in online marketing materials.
Advertising solutions, which help companies improve their online advertising on websites, apps, search engines, and social media. These solutions also help companies send emails, text messages, and other online and offline marketing campaigns.
In each of these four categories, companies may utilize machine learning technologies available in the solutions to automate the processing of certain data elements in their use of the solutions.
What information is collected when a company uses Adobe Experience Cloud?
When a company uses Adobe Experience Cloud solutions, that company chooses how to use the solutions, including what information to collect and send to its Adobe Experience Cloud account. Examples of the types of information that may be collected include the following, depending on the particular Adobe Experience Cloud solution and the jurisdiction of the company:
Where you go and what you do on that company's websites, apps, or social media pages
Your web browsing activity, including the URLs of the company’s web pages you visit
The URL of the page that displayed the link that you clicked on, which brought you to that company's website
The web search you performed that led you to that company's website
Information about your web browser and device, such as device type, browser type, advertising identifier, operating system, connection speed, and display settings
Your IP address (or partial IP address, depending on how the company has configured the solution), which may be used to approximate your general location
Location information from your mobile device or web browser
Social media profile information
Information you may provide on that company's website, app, or when interacting with that company’s social media pages, such as information you provide on registration forms
Ad campaign success rates, such as whether you clicked on a company's ad and whether viewing or clicking on the ad led to your purchase of that company's product or service
Items you've purchased or placed in your shopping cart on that company's website or app
How do companies use Adobe Experience Cloud to collect information?
Cookies and Similar Technologies. Adobe Experience Cloud solutions use
cookies and similar technologies
, such as web beacons (also known as tags or pixels), to enable companies to collect information in connection with their websites. If you look at your cookie settings in your browser, you may notice cookies from Adobe-owned domains, such as omtrdc.net and demdex.net. Most Internet browsers classify these as "third-party cookies” because they are not set by the website you are visiting. Companies using the Adobe Experience Cloud sometimes choose to use their own cookies (often called "first-party cookies”).
Mobile. A company may also use Adobe Experience Cloud technologies within its mobile apps. These technologies allow the company to send information to its Adobe Experience Cloud account -- for example, how you use the company’s mobile apps as well as other information your mobile device may make available to apps, such as location information. For more information, please review the privacy policy of the company as well as privacy information provided by your mobile device manufacturer.
Social Media. When you use a company’s social media pages, the social media site you visit (on which the page is located) may allow the company to send certain information about you to its Adobe Experience Cloud account. Most social media sites allow you to configure your settings regarding how your information is used. For more information, please refer to the privacy policies of the social media sites you use.
Adobe Experience Platform Launch. Adobe Experience Platform does not collect data about tag firing as part of these tag management product offerings. The Tag Manager itself does not have usage tracking about the on-page firing. With no tags deployed, Adobe Launch will set no cookies nor make any network calls. When used by a business customer of Adobe’s services, Adobe Experience Platform Launch will deliver the library containing the customer specified tags for other Adobe Experience Cloud Solutions to either (i) a customer’s own hosting provider (the recommended path) or (ii) to a 3rd party Content Delivery Network (CDN). In either scenario, the hosted server(s) to which the tags are delivered are not owned or managed by Adobe nor does Adobe own the server logs for requests made to those servers.
Adobe Experience Cloud solutions help our business customers manage their content; and personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages. For example, these customers may use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to collect and analyze information about how individuals use their websites. A company that uses Adobe Experience Cloud may also use third party services to perform related services, such as
Google
. For more information, please review the company’s privacy disclosure.
How do companies use health-related segments in the Adobe Advertising Cloud?
As part of the Adobe Advertising Cloud solution, Adobe makes available certain health-related segments supplied by third-party data providers to the companies using the Adobe Advertising Cloud. Companies may choose to use these segments to target ads when they are using our solution, to the extent that use is permitted under applicable law and industry guidelines. These data segments generally fall into the following categories: (1) occupation in a health related field, (2) health related topics and conditions (but not specific conditions), (3) interest in health insurance, (4) diet, fitness, weight-loss and healthy lifestyles, (5) consumer goods and services for personal healthcare, vision care, grooming and beauty, (6) over the counter medicines, remedies and dietary supplements, and (7) health related charities.
What privacy choices do you have about a company's use of Adobe's Experience Cloud solutions?
For more information about how a company uses Adobe’s Experience Cloud solutions, please refer to that company's privacy policy. Adobe requires its business customers to provide privacy policies describing:
Their privacy practices in connection with Adobe Experience Cloud
How you can set your preferences for the collection or use of information obtained by the company in connection with Adobe Experience Cloud
Cookies and Similar Technologies. Adobe's Experience Cloud uses
cookies and similar technologies
to enable companies to collect information. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually configure your browser to block all cookies, or to block only those set by companies other than the one whose website you are visiting. If you configure your browser to block cookies, you may prevent a company from collecting information using Adobe Experience Cloud solutions on its websites. Please see
Your Privacy Choices
to learn more about your choices for opting out of companies’ use of Adobe Experience Cloud solutions.
Mobile. Most mobile devices allow you to limit the use of mobile advertising identifiers for interest-based advertising. For more information, please review the instructions provided by your mobile device manufacturer. Please see
Your Privacy Choices
to learn more about your choices for opting out of companies’ use of Adobe Experience Cloud solutions.
Email and Text Messages. To learn more about how to opt out from commercial email or text messages sent by a company using Adobe Experience Cloud, please follow the opt out process specified within the message itself, or review the company’s privacy policy. To opt out from receiving mobile push notifications, please review the information provided by your mobile device manufacturer.
Interest-Based Advertising. Adobe is a member of the following interest-based advertising self-regulatory groups:
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance
(ADAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA)
European Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA)
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI)
Adobe complies with the member requirements of these groups, including the NAI Code of Conduct and other applicable NAI guidance. Please visit these groups' sites for more information about interest-based advertising, including how to opt out of companies' use of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions.
Please also see
Your Privacy Choices
to learn more about your choices for opting out of companies’ use of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions.
If you opt out, you will no longer receive interest-based ads using Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions that are based on your previous activity on websites. You may still receive ads from companies that use our advertising solutions, but they will no longer be based on your previous web browsing or likely interests. When you opt out, Adobe will place at least one opt out cookie on your browser. If you delete your cookies, change browsers, or change devices, you will need to repeat this opt-out process. Also, please note that this opt-out process will work only if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies.
IAB Transparency and Consent Framework. Adobe participates as a Vendor in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies in providing the Adobe Advertising Cloud and Adobe Audience Manager solutions to business customers. Adobe’s identification numbers within the framework are: Adobe Advertising Cloud: GVL ID 264 and Adobe Audience Manager: GVL ID 565.
How long is information collected on behalf of companies using Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions retained?
As described above, the Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions use cookies and similar technologies, and mobile technologies, to help companies collect information about how you use their websites and apps so they can provide you with more relevant ads. These ads are often called “interest-based ads.” Adobe generally retains this information within the Adobe Experience Cloud advertising services for a maximum of 25 months from the time it was collected. The companies that use the Adobe Experience Cloud advertising services may use Adobe’s technologies to collect data, or, as explained below, add additional information to the information they collect using the Adobe Experience Cloud. In these situations, Adobe retains data in accordance with the company’s instructions.
What information can a company upload to Adobe Experience Cloud?
Some of the Adobe Experience Cloud solutions are designed to enable a company to upload information into its Adobe Experience Cloud account. Therefore, companies sometimes upload information that they have collected from their own websites, apps, social media pages, or from other sources, such as third party data providers.
Does Adobe share any of the information its business customers collect using Adobe Experience Cloud?
Adobe does not share its business customers’ information except when asked to do so by the business customer. Please review the privacy policy of the company using Adobe Experience Cloud for more information about that company's privacy practices.
Note that companies often allow Adobe to aggregate their data in a way that does not identify individuals for the purpose of publishing reports, such as the
Adobe Digital Index
.
Home
Adobe Privacy Center
Adobe Experience Cloud privacy
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#customeruse:
Adobe Privacy Choices
Last updated: 18 June, 2024
To provide you with more relevant experiences and marketing messages based on your likely interests, we collect information about you and how you engage with us and our business customers. Here is how you can control your information:
For Adobe End Users
For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud
style
two-up, no spacing, grid width 10
For Adobe End Users
Your data. Your choices.
Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe
|
Your use of Adobe Apps
|
Machine learning analysis on your content
|
Adobe websites
|
Interest-based ads
Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe
Tell us your Adobe marketing preferences by updating your Adobe ID
profile
. You can also tell us to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Adobe's marketing emails.
Tell us your Behance marketing preferences by updating your account settings (under the “Notifications” tab) at
Behance.net
. You can also tell Behance to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Behance's marketing emails.
Please note that even when you exercise these choices, you may still receive communications from Adobe in the form of “transactional” emails relating to normal business operations. For example, we may email you to inform you that your subscription is expiring or that someone has sent you a document using an Adobe app.
Your use of Adobe applications and services
We may collect information about how you use Adobe desktop products, mobile apps and services.
Desktop Applications
Usage information associated with your Adobe account
Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services.
Learn more and change collection settings
Usage information associated with your device
Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your device to improve our products and services.
Learn more and change collection settings
Services
Adobe web-based services
Some Adobe web-based services use cookies and similar technologies to collect usage information to provide you with a more personalized experience, improve our products and services, and in some cases, to tailor ads to your likely interests. To change your collection settings, click on the Cookies link at the bottom of the service’s website. Please note that you may have to repeat this process for each Adobe web-based service that collects usage data.
Experience Cloud service usage data
You have the option to share information with Adobe about how you use our Experience Cloud services. You can change your preference at any time
here
.
Mobile Applications
Data Collection
Some of our mobile apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account or device to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services. To change your collection settings, go to the app’s settings panel that refers to mobile app usage data collection. Please note that you will have to repeat this process for each Adobe mobile app that collects usage data.
Learn more
style
two-up, no spacing, grid width 10
Machine learning analysis on your content
When you use Creative Cloud and Document Cloud apps, Adobe may analyze your content processed or stored on our servers using techniques such as machine learning to improve our products and services. You can opt out of content analysis at any time. If you choose to participate in programs where you submit content to improve our products and services, turning off content analysis does not affect our ability to analyze your content for product improvement.
Learn more
.
Adobe does not analyze your content to train generative AI models, unless you choose to submit content to the Adobe Stock marketplace.
Adobe website preferences
Adobe
uses cookies
and similar technologies to analyze your use of Adobe websites so that we can improve them and tailor websites, communications, and ads to your likely interests.
#f5f5f5
Choose your preferences for cookies and similar technologies:
Cookie settings
style
no spacing, grid width 12
If you opt out of advertising cookies, you may still see Adobe ads on other companies' websites, but they will not be based on your use of Adobe’s apps and websites.
Note about cookie-based preferences:
Many of the privacy preferences described on this page work by placing a
cookie
on your browser. Therefore, your browser must be configured to accept cookies for your preference to take effect. If you delete or clear your cookies, or if you change web browsers, you will need to set your preferences again.
Interest-based ads
Adobe complies with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and related DAA guidance. For more information about interest-based ads and to opt out for all companies who are members of those groups, please see:
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance
(ADAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA)
For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud
Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services
The Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services (Audience Manager and Ad Cloud) enable our business customers to personalize and improve the performance of their digital properties and marketing messages. These companies use Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services to collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors on their websites. These services also allow these companies to provide you more relevant advertising within their websites, apps, emails, text messages, direct mail offers and push notifications.
Opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services
privacy-button-label
Opt-out
privacy-confirmation-message
Thank you, you've been successfully opted out
privacy-url
https://rtd-tm.everesttech.net/user/privacy?dnt=t,https://www.demdex.net/demoptout.jpg
style
grid width 12, privacybutton
Important note:
You will see a confirmation message that you have been opted out when clicking the button above. Future visits to this page will not display your opted out choice even if you have not cleared out your cookies, but you are still opted out.
Interest-based Advertising Settings
You can also visit the sites below to opt out of interest-based ads for all companies who are members of those groups:
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance
(ADAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA)
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI)
To opt out of advertising solutions that tailor ads shown within mobile apps based on your likely interests, please either:
Set the preference on your mobile device to limit ad tracking, or
Download the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
AppChoices app
and configure it to opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions
Please also review the privacy policies on the websites and mobile apps that you use because they may offer additional privacy choices.
Home
Adobe Privacy Center
Your Privacy Choices
Sub-policy 3
https://www.synchronybank.com/documents/privacy_policy_retail.pdf:

Sub-policy 4
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 5
https://www.carecredit.com/onlineprivacy/:
Skip to main content
Synchrony cares about you and your privacy.
Online Privacy Policy
Effective as of July 1, 2024
Synchrony Bank and each of its affiliate companies (collectively, “Synchrony,” “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) carefully before using this website (the “Site”). This site is not directed to or intended for individuals under 18 years of age.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from visitors to the Site, what we do with this information, and how visitors can update and control the use of the information they provide on the Site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through this Site. The Privacy Policy does not apply to other information we may collect, including data collected on other websites, such as separate sites operated by our affiliates or business partners, or other information visitors may provide to us through other means.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Through the use of or access to our Site for online inquiry regarding the products and services we offer (“Services”) or otherwise, we may collect personal information about you, which is information that identifies you as an individual, relates to you as an individual, or that, along with other information, could identify you (“Personal Information”). We collect the following types of Personal Information:
Information Provided by You
We collect Personal Information from you when you:
Create an account.
When you create an account with us, you will provide Synchrony your contact information.
Apply for our Services.
When you submit an application to participate in our service offerings, we may request that you provide certain information including your name, date of birth, contact information, business information, financial information, relevant government issued identification numbers such as your Social Security Number or driver’s license number, reference information, and any additional information that you may include in your application.
Access our Site.
For some products, to be able to access the Site, you must provide your telephone number and the last four digits of your Social Security Number.
Interact with our Site or Services.
When you send us any feedback, questions, comments, or suggestions, participate in one of our surveys, or interact with Synchrony in any way, you may provide us with Personal Information, such as your name, telephone number, address, and email address.
Information Collected Automatically
We may automatically collect the following Personal Information as you use our Site or Services:
Usage Information.
Which pages on our Site you access, the frequency of access, what you click on while on the Site, how long you access the Site, and when you accessed the Site. This may also include information regarding the manner in which you use our Services, such as information regarding the purchases made using our offerings.
Location Information.
Information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address or mobile device.
Device Information.
Information about the device you are using, such as hardware model, operating system, browser, and IP address.
Mobile Device Information.
Mobile network information, such as the unique identifier assigned to the device, mobile carrier, operating system, and other device attributes.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
We may obtain Personal Information about you from third parties, such as credit bureaus and demographic firms, when you use our Site or Services. We may also obtain information about you from Payfone, the vendor that assists us in verifying and authenticating your identity via mobile device.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cookies.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer’s hard drive or temporarily in your computer’s memory. We seek to place and store Internet cookies on your hard drive. Cookies can save any of the types of information noted above. Cookies enable us to personalize your viewing experience and allow us to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of the Site and to promotions on other sites. We also utilize third parties that may place and store Internet cookies on your hard drive for web analytics. These third-party cookies collect information about our Site traffic by tracking users across websites and across time and generating reports for us to better understand our Site users and to create audiences for our advertisements based on such understanding. Third-party ad network providers that help us present ads on the Site may also place cookies on your device to service you with ads or other content personalized to your interests.
Adobe Analytics.
We use a tool called “Adobe Analytics” for analytics and advertising services. We use the information we get from Adobe Analytics to improve the Services and to improve our ad performance. Adobe’s ability to use and share information collected by Adobe Analytics about your use of the Services or visits to the Site or to another application which partners with Adobe, is restricted by Adobe Analytics Terms of Use and the Adobe Privacy Policy available at:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/marketing-cloud.html
.
Google Analytics.
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect some information we listed above about your use of the Site and Services. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve the Services. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded, that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your use of the Services or visits to the Site or to another application which partners with Google is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy available at:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
Social Media Widgets.
Our Site includes social media features, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Site, and they may set a cookie to ensure the feature functions properly. These features may also provide you with personalized ad content. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
We use the Personal Information we collect to provide the Services to you, to improve our Site and Services, and to protect our legal rights. Specifically, we use the Personal Information we collect to:
Provide you with the Services.
V
alidate cell phone use.
Communicate with you.
To communicate with you about our Site or Services, to send you updates, or to inform you of any changes to the Site or Services.
Provide customer support.
To provide you support or other services you request.
To communicate about new features.
We will send you notifications about new features or information available on our Services or third-party products that we feel might be of interest to you.
Maintain and improve our Site and Services.
We analyze how our users interact with the Site in order to maintain and improve the Site and Services.
For analytics and marketing purposes.
We analyze how our users interact with our Site and utilize our Services to better understand their needs and conduct marketing and advertising activities to promote our brand.
Benchmarking.
We aggregate your information in order to gain insights into our Services.
Prevent fraud and abuse.
Comply with applicable law.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with our service providers, among our entities, in connection with the provision of the Services, a corporate restructuring, to prevent harm, to comply with the law, and to protect our legal rights. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in providing our Services, complying with the law, and protecting our rights and those of others.
Service Providers.
We share Personal Information with service providers that help us perform Site functions and provide you with the Services, such as Adobe and Google Analytics.
Advertising and Marketing.
We may share your Personal Information with third parties so that they may provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you. We also share certain Personal Information with LiveRamp, our marketing service provider, to improve our marketing services. Personal Information gathered through the SMS (Short Message Service/Text Message) Program will not be shared with third parties. You may opt out of the use of LiveRamp at any time by visiting
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
Corporate Restructuring.
We may share your Personal Information if we are involved or intend to be involved in a merger, acquisition, consolidation, change of control, or sale of all or a portion of our assets or in connection with bankruptcy or liquidation proceedings.
To Prevent Harm.
We may share your Personal Information if we believe it is necessary in order to detect, investigate, prevent, or take action against illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the rights, property, or personal safety of any person.
To Protect Our Rights and As Required by Law.
We will share Personal Information where we are legally required to do so, such as in response to court orders or legal process, to exercise our legal rights, to defend against legal claims or demands, or to comply with the requirements of any mandatory applicable law. We will also share Personal Information as necessary to enforce any other terms that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property, interest, or safety of Synchrony, its users, or any other person, or the copyright-protected content of the Services.
With Your Consent.
We will request your permission to use or share your Personal Information for a specific purpose that is not compatible with the purposes listed here. We will notify you and request consent before we provide the Personal Information or before the Personal Information you have already provided is shared for such purpose.
SECURITY
At Synchrony, our goal is to protect your Personal Information submitted to us through this Site. We maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect and limit access to your Personal Information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage technology is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account username and password. We recommend that you choose a unique password for your account and that you do not use any password that you also use for any other accounts which may contain your sensitive information, such as financial accounts or email accounts. You agree to immediately notify Synchrony of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision.
If you access our Site from a public or shared computer, it may be possible for other users to review your online history. For this reason, you should always close your browser window after you finish any online banking session, including visiting our Site. If you access our Site from a shared computer, you should never set the Internet options to remember or store user IDs or passwords. Also, you should never go to websites or follow web links that are unfamiliar or seem suspicious to you.
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
Access, Correct, or View Your Personal Information.
You may use your account to view, access, or correct certain Personal Information you provided to us and which is associated with your account.
Do Not Track.
We take no action in response to “Do Not Track” requests received from user’s web browsing software.
Cookies.
If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, certain features of our Site or other services may not work if you delete or disable certain cookies.
Google Analytics.
To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Adobe Analytics.
To prevent your data from being used by Adobe Analytics, you can download the Adobe Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Adobe Analytics, which can be found here:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#customeruse
.
Third-Party Advertising and Marketing.
If you do not wish for us to share your information with third parties for advertising or marketing purposes, you may choose to opt out at any time by directing such request to 1-844-894-3960.
Online Advertising.
To opt out of Internet-based advertising or to learn more about the use of this information by our service providers, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative website (
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
) or the Digital Advertising Alliance website (
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
), or if you are in the EU, the EDAA (
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). If you choose to opt out, we will place an “opt-out cookie” on your computer. The “opt-out cookie” is browser specific and device specific and only lasts until cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The opt-out cookie will not work for some cookies that are important to how our websites and mobile apps work. If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade your browser or if you visit us from a different computer, you will need to return to the applicable website to re-select your preferences.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This Privacy Policy only applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Information we collect from visitors and customers online through our Site. Once you leave our Site, either by a link or by entering a new Internet address in your browser’s address window, we no longer have control over information security, and we are not responsible for the content, privacy practices or your use of other websites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of those other sites.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Residents of California (“California Consumers”) have certain rights with respect to the collection, use, transfer, and processing of Personal Information, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act as modified by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “CCPA”).
Please note that the CCPA does not apply to certain information, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act (“GLBA”). To that end, these disclosures do not apply with respect to information that we collect about California Consumers who apply for or obtain our financial products and services for personal, family, or household purposes. For more information about how we collect, disclose, and secure information relating to these consumers, please refer to our
GLBA Privacy Notice
. Additionally, we reserve the right to limit these rights where permitted under applicable law, including where your identity cannot be reasonably verified or to the extent your rights adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
To exercise any of the rights made available under the CCPA, please contact us via the contact information below. Only you or your authorized agent may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this section shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the CCPA.
Collection of Personal Information
When California Consumers access our Site, we collect the following Personal Information:
Personal Identifiers
Name
Age
Address
Email address
Telephone number
Date of birth
Social Security number
Account numbers and related financial information
Business contact information
Characteristics of Protect Classifications
Age (over 40)
Sex / gender
Marital status
Commercial Information
Information regarding purchases made using our Services
Information regarding your interactions with our Partners and Affiliates
Biometric Information
Voiceprint identification
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
The Internet Protocol address that relates to the machine or device used to access our Site
The type of browser and operating system used
The date and time when the Site is visited
Device ID if you are on a mobile device
Web pages displayed
Geolocation Data
IP or GPS based geolocation information
Sensory Data
Call and Meeting recordings
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Business Contact Information
Business Reference Information
Inferences
Inferences we develop based on your interactions with our Services
Sensitive Personal Information
Social Security Number
Driver’s License Number
Precise geolocation information
Financial Account information including log-in, number, and access credentials
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
The foregoing pieces of information have been collected about our consumers in the past 12 months.
Sources from which Personal Information Is Collected
We may collect the following categories of Personal Information directly from you or by logging your interactions with our Services.
Identifiers, Characteristics, Commercial Information, Biometric Information, Internet, Geolocation, Sensory, Professional, Inferences, and Sensitive.
We may also collect these categories of Personal Information from the following sources:
Publicly available sources
Service Providers, Consumer Data Brokers, and Credit Reporting Agencies
Affiliates
Your representatives or agents
Business or Commercial Purposes for which Personal Information Is Collected
Your Personal Information is used for the following purposes:
Provide you with the Services.
Validate cell phone use.
Communicate with you.
To communicate with you about our Site or Services, to send you updates, or to inform you of any changes to the Site or Services.
Provide customer support.
To provide you support or other services you request.
To communicate about new features.
We will send you notifications about new features or information available on our Services or third-party products that we feel might be of interest to you.
Maintain and improve our Site and Services.
We analyze how our users interact with the Site in order to maintain and improve the Site and Services.
Benchmarking.
We aggregate your information in order to gain insights into our Services.
Prevent fraud and other illegal activities.
Comply with applicable law.
Defend our legal rights.
Third Parties with Whom Personal Information Is Shared or Sold
Synchrony discloses your Personal Information to analytics and service providers, advertisers, business partners and law enforcement (if necessary).
In the preceding 12 months, we have not sold Personal Information about consumers for monetary consideration. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies may be considered a sale or sharing of Personal Information under the CCPA. Categories of Personal Information that we have sold under the CCPA include identifiers and Internet or other similar network activity. Categories of third parties to whom Personal Information is sold under the CCPA include data analytics providers and advertising and marketing providers
.
In the preceding 12 months, we have not knowingly sold or shared Personal Information of California Consumers under 16 years of age.
In the preceding 12 months, we have not knowingly sold or shared Sensitive Personal Information of California Consumers for purposes not specifically authorized under the CCPA.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following Personal Information about consumers for business purposes:
Identifiers, Other Personal Information (Financial Information), Employment Information, Commercial Information, Geolocation Information, and Sensitive Information.
We share this information with our service providers to allow them to perform services on behalf of Synchrony. We may also share this information with our business partners so that they may provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information.
We share with or allow third parties to utilize cookies for marketing or advertising customized to your apparent interests or needs (more information located in the “Information Collected Automatically” section above).
Individual Rights
Right for You to Access Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or Sold
You have the right to request that Synchrony disclose the Personal Information it collects, uses, and discloses about you to third parties:
Upon receipt of your verifiable Right to Access request, you will receive the following information about you:
Categories of personal information collected;
Categories of sources from which personal information are collected;
Specific pieces of personal information collected about you;
Business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing; and
Categories of third parties to whom personal information was disclosed.
This information will be provided to you free of charge, unless Synchrony determines that your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. You may request this information twice in a 12-month period. This Right to Access is subject to certain restrictions. We will identify in our response to your request if such a restriction applies. Synchrony employees and employees of Synchrony business partners and service providers may also make a Right to Access request under the CCPA, subject to certain limitations.
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
Synchrony does not sell any Personal Information of California Consumers for monetary consideration. However, we use certain third-party advertising and analytical cookies that may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of data under California law.
California Consumers have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. It also allows you the right to opt out from our processing of your personal data for targeted advertising or analytic purposes. If you wish to opt out of advertising or analytic cookies, you can do so via our Cookie Management Options banner. Within the Cookie Setting you can choose your cookie preferences. You may also opt out of the collection and processing of data by LiveRamp by following the instructions, available
here
.
Synchrony web properties respond to the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”), which allows you to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information if enabled. If you have the GPC enabled, we will not sell or share your personal information. To learn more about the GPC, please visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
.
Please note that opt-out choices may be stored via cookies. If you clear cookies, if your browser blocks cookies, or if you visit the site from a different browser or device, your opt-out choices may not be recognized or honored.
Right of Erasure
You have the right to request that Synchrony and our service providers erase any Personal Information about yourself, which Synchrony has collected from you upon receipt of a verifiable request. This right is subject to certain restrictions. We will identify in our response to your request if such a restriction applies.
Right of Correction
You have the right to request that Synchrony and our service providers correct any Personal Information about yourself, which Synchrony has collected from you upon receipt of a verifiable request. This right is subject to certain restrictions. We will identify in our response to your request if such a restriction applies.
Submitting Requests
You or your authorized agent can submit your request by calling us at 1-844-894-3960 or visiting our request website at
https://www.synchronycredit.com/cpra/
.
Verifying Requests
Synchrony provides California Consumers with an online webform to submit requests. The webform is accessible at
https://www.synchronycredit.com/cpra/
. As stated in the webform, Synchrony must verify that the person requesting information or deletion is the California Consumer about whom the request relates in order to process the request. To verify a California Consumer’s identity, we may request up to three pieces of Personal Information about you when you make a request to compare against our records. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity.
We may also require your authorized agent to provide proof of authorization, such as requiring you to verify your own identity directly with us or directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request on your behalf. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in your request to verify your identity. Synchrony reserves the right to take additional steps as necessary to verify the identity of California Consumers where we have reason to believe a request is fraudulent.
Right of No Retaliation
Synchrony will not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your rights, including, but not limited to, by:
Denying goods or services to you.
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you.
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Retaliating against an employee, applicant for employment, or independent contractor.
Annual Metrics
The following information is provided in accordance with the requirements of the CCPA: Click here to access the Annual Metrics:
https://www.syf.com/ccpametrics
.
WASHINGTON CONSUMER HEALTH DATA NOTICE (“Washington Privacy Notice”)
Effective Date
: July 1, 2024
This Washington Privacy Notice supplements the Synchrony
Online Privacy Policy
(“Synchrony Privacy Policy”) and applies specifically to “Consumers” as defined under Washington’s My Health My Data Act (“
MHMDA
”).
This Washington Privacy Notice describes Synchrony Bank’s, and each of its affiliated companies’ (collectively, “
Synchrony
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”) practices regarding the collection, use, sharing and disclosure of Consumer Health Data (as defined below). Any capitalized terms not defined in this Washington Privacy Notice shall have the meanings given to them in the Synchrony Privacy Policy. Importantly, this Washington Privacy Notice does not supersede, replace, or otherwise amend the Synchrony Privacy Policy.
Consumer Health Data Collected
For purposes of this Washington Privacy Notice, Consumer Health Data (“
CHD
”) means “consumer health data” as defined under the MHMDA. Generally, CHD includes personal information that is linked or reasonably linkable to a Consumer and that identifies the Consumer’s past, present, or future physical or mental health status. Importantly,
CHD does not include
information that does not qualify as CHD under the MHMDA. For example, CHD does not include information subject to the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) and its implementing regulations. This means that any information relating to or derived from your use of or application to our financial products or services is not subject to the terms of this Notice.
With your consent or where necessary to provide the products and services you request, we may collect or receive the categories of CHD listed below. Not all categories will be collected or received for every individual.
Information suggesting an interest in specific health related products, procedures, or treatments; and
Information relating to searches for specific healthcare providers through our online tools.
Sources of CHD
We may collect each category of information described above through your use of our Services. For example, we may collect or infer certain information when you enter search terms on, or otherwise use, our websites or Services. Similarly, we may collect or infer certain information about you when you interact with our advertisements on third party websites. Where this information pertains to actual or potential medical treatment or diagnoses, it may qualify as CHD.
We may also collect information which may contain CHD from our business partners, joint marketing partners, public databases, providers of demographic data, publications, professional organizations, social media platforms, caregivers, third party information providers, service providers with whom we have a contractual relationship and to whom you have provided your personal information, cookies and other tracking technologies, and Third Parties when they share the information with us.
Why Consumer Health Data Is Collected and How It Is Used
We—and our Service Providers—may collect, process and use the CHD described in this Policy for the following purposes:
Providing the Services as may be reasonably expected by an average consumer who requesting such Services;
Maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on our behalf;
Ensuring security and integrity of our Site and Services to the extent the use of the consumer's CHD is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our Services, or to improve, upgrade, or enhance our Services;
Personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services;
Conducting research, analytics, and data analysis;
Performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations;
Complying with law, legal process, and internal policies;
Maintaining business records;
Exercising and defending legal claims; and
Otherwise accomplishing our business purposes and objectives.
Our Disclosure and Sharing of CHD
We may disclose or share each of the categories of CHD described above with your consent or where necessary to provide the products and services you request. In particular, we may disclose or share personal data, including CHD to complete transactions, provide products or services you have requested, or for the purposes described in this Notice. We may disclose to or share information with the following categories of parties:
Service Providers
. We may disclose CHD to our Service Providers in order to enable them to provide us with products and services, such as web hosting, mobile application hosting, data analysis, payment processing, customer service, infrastructure provisioning, IT services, email and direct mail delivery services, auditing, legal services, and other similar services that are essential to our provision of Services. We may also share information with our Service Providers that enable us to better understand the functionality and effectiveness of our websites and Services, and with business partners that provide advertising and other technology services.
Third Parties.
We may disclose your CHD to the following categories of Third Parties:
Third Party Co-Branding and Co-Marketing Partners
. We may share your CHD with our third-party partners with whom we offer a co-branded or co-marketed promotion, such as where we offer special offers related to specifically branded third party products. Any such parties will be identified in the product offering.
Business Transfers or Assignments.
We may disclose your CHD to other entities as reasonably necessary to facilitate a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture or collaboration, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Legal and Regulatory.
We may disclose your CHD to government authorities, law enforcement, courts, or similarly situated third parties for our business operational purposes, to assert and defend legal claims, and otherwise as permitted or required by law.
Other Third Parties at Your Direction.
We may disclose your CHD to any Third Party with your consent or at your direction.
Exercising Consumer Data Rights
Residents of Washington have certain rights under the MHMDA with respect to the collection and use of their CHD. These rights may include:
The right to confirm whether we collect, share or sell your CHD;
The right to access such CHD, including a list of the third parties to whom the information may have been shared;
The right to withdraw consent from our collection and sharing of CHD;
The right to withdraw consent from our sale of CHD; and
The right to delete your CHD.
Residents of Washington may exercise any of these rights by calling us at 1-844-894-3960, visiting our request website at
https://www.synchronycredit.com/cpra/
or by referring to the “Contact Us” section below.
Changes to This Washington Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Washington Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make material changes to this Washington Privacy Notice, we will notify you by posting an updated Washington Privacy Notice on our Services, including the effective date of such updates. We may also provide notice by email or through a pop-up banner on the Services, where appropriate.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Washington Privacy Notice, you can contact the Synchrony Privacy Officer by email at
privacyoffice@syf.com
.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
This is a United States-based website that is subject to United States law. This Site is controlled, operated and administered by Synchrony from its offices within the United States. This Privacy Policy is provided in accordance with and subject to applicable U.S. law. If you are accessing this Site using a computer that is located outside the United States, you are responsible to ensure that your Internet connection is secure and is not monitored, legally or otherwise, by any third party or jurisdiction. If you are unsure of the security of your international Internet access, you should refrain from accessing this Site until you have confirmed that your access is secure and not monitored. If you decide to continue to access this Site from your location outside the United States, you hereby agree that your use of this Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and U.S. law and that you are responsible for complying with applicable laws in all jurisdictions that govern your use and access of this Site.
EUROPEAN, SWISS, AND UNITED KINGDOM USERS
This section of our Policy provides certain required information to persons located in the United Kingdom (“UK”), European Union (“EU”), a European Economic Area (“EEA”) member state, or Switzerland. Before Synchrony collects any Personal Information from you, you are entitled under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) to the information in this section of our Policy.
Purposes and Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
Synchrony will only process your Personal Information for lawful purposes under the GDPR related to Synchrony's business purposes arising from your relationship with Synchrony. Synchrony will ordinarily collect and process your Personal Information because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or because Synchrony has another legitimate interest in doing so. When Synchrony cannot rely on either of such legal grounds, it will seek your prior consent.
Rights of Residents of the European Union (EU) or UK
If you use the Site and reside in the UK, EU, EEA, or Switzerland, you are entitled by law to access, correct, amend, or delete Personal Information about you that we hold. A list of these rights is below. Please note that these rights are not absolute and certain exemptions apply.
The right to access.
You have the right to ask us for copies of your Personal Information. This right has some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the Personal Information we collect and process. When making a request, please provide an accurate description of the Personal Information you want access to.
T
he right to rectification.
You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
The right to erasure.
You have the right to ask us to erase your Personal Information in certain circumstances, including: (i) when your Personal Information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or processed, or (ii) your Personal Information must be erased to comply with a legal obligation in EU Union or Member State law.
The right to restrict processing.
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information in certain circumstances, including: (i) when the accuracy of the Personal Information is brought into question, or (ii) when we no longer need the Personal Information for purposes of the processing, but you require such Personal Information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of a legal claim.
The right to object to processing.
You have the right to object to processing of your Personal Information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to ask that we transfer the Personal Information you gave us from one organization to another, or give it to you.
The right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
If you believe your rights under the GDPR have been violated, the GDPR gives you the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at
https://www.synchrony.com/contact-us.html
. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request. In the event that we refuse a request under rights of access, we will provide you a reason as to why.
Right to Withdraw Consent
If Synchrony obtains your written consent to collect and process your Personal Information, you can subsequently withdraw such consent as to any further processing of information by contacting us at
https://www.synchrony.com/contact-us.html
.
Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information
Personal Information that you provide while in the UK, EU, an EEA member state, or Switzerland will be transferred to the United States. Applicable European privacy law, such as the UK DPA and the GDPR permits such transfer when necessary for the performance of a contract between you and Synchrony, if Synchrony obtains your explicit consent to such transfer, or if it is in Synchrony’s legitimate interest to transfer the Personal Information. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. However, when transferring Personal Information to and processing Personal Information in the United States, Synchrony will implement appropriate safeguards and process the Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. By using our Site, you agree to the transfer and processing of your Personal Information to the United States.
Retention of Your Personal Information
We will retain your Personal Information until the Personal Information is no longer necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it was provided. We may retain your Personal Information for longer periods for specific purposes to the extent that we are obliged to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, to protect you, other people, and us from fraud, abuse, and unauthorized access, as necessary to protect our legal rights, or for certain business requirements.
CHANGES TO THIS ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. If we make any material change to the Privacy Policy, we will update our Site to include such changes. We recommend that you review this Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at
privacyoffice@syf.com
.
[WF9482674B]
(6/18) GENERAL ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY (REV 6/2024)
ONLINE HTML
Cookie Management Options
This site uses cookies that are necessary for the functioning of certain parts of our website. With your consent, we will use cookies that will help us give you a better user experience by providing insights into how the site is used. To manage these cookies click on “Cookies Settings” and choose your preferences, or click "Accept All Cookies" and help us give you the best experience.
Privacy Policy
COOKIE SETTINGS
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary
Performance
Marketing
Your Privacy
When you use our site, it may store or retrieve information about your interactions, your preferences and your device. This information is used to make the site work properly. The information does not directly identify you but provides a more personalized site experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of information collection. Blocking some types of cookies and similar technologies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. In some cases, data obtained is shared with third parties and may be considered a “sale of personal information” under the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). You can exercise your right to opt-out of that sharing at any time by disabling cookies (and similar technologies).
Privacy Policy
Always Active
These cookies (and similar technologies) are necessary for the site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are only collected in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. Strictly Necessary information collection does not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance
Active
These cookies (and similar technologies) allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance and features of our site. They help us to know which features are the most and least popular and see how visitors use our site. All information we collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow this collection, we will not know when you have used our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Marketing
Active
These cookies (and similar technologies) may be set through our site by us or by third party providers whose services we have added. Data is used to build a profile of your interests and show relevant content. We do not store personally identifiable information but rely on uniquely identifying your device and internet connection. If you do not allow this collection, you will have a less customized experience.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel