Privacy Policy
What personal information do we collect from the people that use or website or app?
When using our site we anonymously collect data of the events you take, as appropriate, and store these details in an aggregated fashion to help improve your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you as described above. Primarily this is for the following actions:
New game button tapped
New background color selected
New score recorded
New high score achieved
Vegas mode switched
Right hand mode switched
Score shared
Scoreboard cleared
Other events taken while using the application...
How do we use your information?
We may use such information in the following ways:
To deliver our developers with information about how new features and services are adopted by users.
To improve our website or application in order to provide better experiences.
To allow us to better handle customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To debug faulty code that is release as a part of our new deployments.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is stored in an encrypted private cloud environment that is only accessible by our IT administrators and is secured with two-factor authentication. We do all of this to ensure your visit to our site and usage of our application is as safe as possible.
The events information, described above, is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all information is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology while transporting the information over the internet.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Nope.
Do we save any information about your devices?
Nope.
Is there any personally identifiable information about you we collect?
No, the only "information" we save about you is the settings you have selected on the settings page of the application or website. This data is saved only on your device an is not sent off the device in any fashion.
How can you opt out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
You can request to have information removed by contacting us
here
.
Please note that in order to fully remove any saved "information" on the device as described above you simply can uninstall the application or close the website and clear your cache.
Third Party Disclosures
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other user experience improvments.
Third party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Transfer Of Your Personal Information
Your information, including personal information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Your Personal Information
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your personal information may be transferred. We will provide notice before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Retention of Your Personal Information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Information Regarding Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your personal information.
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your personal information because:
We need to perform a contract with you, such as when you create a Policy with us
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on you
The right of rectification
The right to object
The right of restriction
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Analytics
Google Analytics is an analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service / Applications. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us.