Home
Privacy Policy
Scope
Department of Government Enablement (DGE) respects the privacy of the platform users and highly value their trust in it. In this privacy statement, we explain how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your information when you visit TAMM website and TAMM application.
However, the policy might change at any time and for any reason; TAMM website and App will send a notification to its users informing them about the updated policy to read it and agree to it.
Additionally, we advise you to periodically check and review this page to stay informed of any updates. Using our website and application means your acceptance and adherence to our privacy policy.
TAMM Website
Data Collection
When you browse, read pages, or download information from this website, we automatically gather and store certain information about your visit. This information is used for statistical purposes only and covers the below:
The IP address and geolocation to identify the country from where you are accessing TAMM website.
Personal identifying information such as name, contact details, if provided by the user.
The name of the top-level domain from which you access the Internet (for example: .ae, .com, etc).
The type of browser you use.
The timestamp of your site access.
The pages you access.
The documents you have downloaded and the previous internet address from which you came directly to the site.
We do not collect this data for commercial or marketing purposes, and DGE does not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute the data collected for any commercial or marketing purposes.
We sometimes conduct online surveys to gather users feedback for research and service improvement purposes. Participation in these surveys is optional and not mandatory.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
You can browse and access information on TAMM website without providing any personal details, whether directly identifying or reasonably inferable. If you choose to provide personal information, such as for accessing TAMM services, signing up through UAE PASS, or through contact forms, this data will be stored on our servers if necessary for logging and service tracking purposes.
DGE might share this information only with Abu Dhabi government entities and use it to update you on the status of your service transactions or to assess your feedback for improving the quality of the services.
DGE will not sell, trade, or otherwise distribute this data for commercial or marketing purposes.
Cookies
TAMM website uses "persistent cookies" for any personalised content.
Personalised content: is the content from the website, which is delivered to a browser after a user has logged in once.
Cookies: are text files, or entries in larger files, utilised to distinguish between visitors to the website, and to track information during multiple visits to the website.
The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet portals and websites. Most Internet web browsers may be customised to reject cookies, to only accept or reject cookies by user intervention, or to delete cookies. Rejecting and/or removing cookies, however, may lead to the loss of functionality on those pages requiring cookies to function fully.
TAMM website uses cookies to:
Help you navigate our website.
Facilitate the sign up and sign in process for our services.
Personalise your experience on our website.
External Links
TAMM website contains links that redirect the user to external websites. DGE will not be responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other websites, and we encourage you to examine each website's privacy policy and make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability and correctness of material and information found.
Security
DGE has appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that has been posted. These measures cover commercial software programmes and secure technology infrastructure to monitor network traffic, authenticate legitimate users and identify unauthorised attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Access, Correction and Deletion of Information
DGE will provide authenticated individuals with the personal information that has been collected on them upon request. Individuals are encouraged to correct any errors in their personal information so that the right level of interaction with the website is maintained.
TAMM Social Media Channels
TAMM platform uses social media to share information and engage with the public. Information related to events and achievements is posted on the platform’s social media accounts.
Please be aware that the privacy policies adopted by social media platforms may differ from the privacy policy outlined here. Therefore, we advise you to review the privacy policy of each individual platform.
TAMM Application
Data Collection
The type of information we collect through TAMM App includes personal information, derivative data, Geo-location information, mobile device access, mobile device data and push notifications.
Personal Information
While using our application, we collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) such as your name and email address, which you voluntarily provide us when participating in various interactive activities such as chat, surveys, or while providing feedback, requesting information, using services and journey and logging through the Smart Pass. Your personal information will be logged and saved on our servers for the purpose of logging and tracking transactional services and improve the quality of the services.
Derivative Data
We may automatically collect and store specific technical information while you use the application, such as the pages you visit and the transactions you complete. This information is gathered to enhance our understanding of your needs and improve your access to Abu Dhabi government services.
Payment Data
TAMM App provides you with the option to pay for multiple services, including water and electricity, traffic fines, among others. We do not collect or store any of the financial data such as credit card details.
Geo-Location Information
When you use TAMM app, we request your consent to access and collect your Geo-location data. We use the location service to determine your current location and provide you with services such as map directions and route to the nearest government entity. The Geo tracking service is also used to provide you with services and information related to your geographic location.
You can always disable the Geo-location tracking service, if you wish to, through the device settings.
Mobile Device Data
Each time you use TAMM app, we may automatically collect certain information from your mobile device, based on the permissions you have granted. This information may include the device type, operating system, default language, location, and network provider.
Mobile Device Access
Some of our services such as reporting incidents may require the upload of supporting documents such as images. For this kind of services, we may request your permission to access certain features from your mobile device, including camera, contacts, reminders, SMS messages and other features.
You can always disable this kind of permissions, if you wish to, through the device settings.
Push Notifications
With the intent of facilitating your experience in availing our services and keeping you updated, we may request to send you push notifications regarding the government services, your account or the application update.
You can always disable this kind of notifications, if you wish to, through the device settings.
Use and Disclosure of the Information we Collect
The information we collect will only be used to communicate to you the status of the services transactions you initiated, or to assess your input to improve the quality of our services. DGE will not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute the collected data for commercial or marketing purposes.
External Links
TAMM app contains links to other applications and websites. DGE do not bear responsibility for the content and the privacy policy of the linked applications or websites. We advise you to examine the privacy practices of each linked application or website and make your own decisions regarding the provided material in terms of accuracy, reliability and correctness.
Information Security
DGE has appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that has been posted. These measures cover commercial software programmes and secure technology infrastructure to monitor network traffic, authenticate legitimate users and identify unauthorised attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Access, Correction and Deletion of Information
DGE will provide authenticated individuals with the personal information that has been collected on them upon request. Individuals are encouraged to correct any errors in their personal information so that the right level of interaction with the application is maintained.
Additionally, you have the right to delete any non-Abu Dhabi Government record; to do so, please contact Abu Dhabi Government Contact Centre on
800555
for help.
TAMM Assistant
My TAMM
Feedback
TAMM uses cookies to make the site simpler.
Find out more about cookies.
Accept