Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PrivacyPolicy
Privacy Policy
As used in this Privacy Policy,  “
We
”, “
Us
” or “
Our”
, refers to DEVAPPS d.o.o.
This Privacy Policy is governing the use of all “
DEVAPPS d.o.o.
” branded software applications (the “Application/s”), which may operate on any type of computing device (including without limitation, a mobile device), and applies to your use of the Applications and/or https://sites.google.com/view/workhoursapp, and/or URL which may replace it or which may be added to the list of websites published by us and linking to this Privacy Policy (the “Website/s”).
By agreeing to the Terms and/or using the Websites or the Applications, you particularly agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your information (including personal information) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may collect and/or you may be asked to provide us with your information (including personal information) any time you are in contact with us or use the Applications or the Websites.
We take the privacy of our users and data security very seriously and believe in the right of our users to know which data is collected and for what purpose. We therefore strive to make our actions transparent and allow our users to control the collected data and remove it if they so wish, and we take all reasonable precautions to prevent unauthorised access to this data.
We value your privacy and will never sell your information to anyone without your knowledge and consent.
When accessing to our website and using any of our services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you are based in, you authorise us to use your information in, and as a result to transfer it to and store it in, Slovenia and any other country where we, or any third party service providers acting on its behalf, operates. Privacy and data protection laws in some of these countries may vary from the laws in the country where you are based.
Please read this Privacy Policy in order to learn more about the data we collect, what do we use it for and how we protect your privacy.
1. Collected data and what is it used for
We may collect any or all of the information that you give us together with data about your use of the website and applications, but we will primarily use the collected data to provide you with a satisfactory service and enhance your experience.
1.1. Collection of device and technical information
We might collect the data necessary for you to use our app and for us to maintain and analyse the functioning of the app and to personalise the content of the app.
We automatically obtain certain information about your computing device, including IP address; Country code; Time zone; session start/stop time; IDFVs, Language; Network status (WiFi, etc.), browser plug-in types and versions; platform, SDK version, timestamp; Technical device information (e.g. device model and name, operating system name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, software API key identifier for application, Push notifications token. Although some of this information (such as IDFA, IDFV, IP address) may uniquely identify your device, this information does not identify you personally. Some legislation (such as US) may treat information that uniquely identifies your device as personal information.
1.2. Collection of classical personal information
We may also collect personally identifiable information about you (such as your name and surname, email address), as well as non-personally identifiable information (such as age range and gender) that you provide us by using our Applications, when you request information using the Websites or Applications, or contact us directly.
We will only use the contact information you provide to us (for example, your name and email address) for the purpose for which you provided it to us. We will not share this data with third parties.
If you wish to delete your contact information that we received upon your specific email inquiry, please send an e-mail to workhoursapp@mail.com and your e-mail will be deleted from our database.
1.3. Email address
We may ask you for your e-mail the first time you open the app, but we make it clear that it is optional. Your email will only be used to send you informational and promotional content or to provide customer support. You can use an email address that does not reveal your identity.
1.4. Social network connections
Users may choose to log in to our apps/games using Third Parties Social Network accounts or connect with them for posting, if they do so, they will have those connections saved in our apps/games. By logging in to the Application using Third Party Social Network or by using the Application to share content on such Third Party Social Network, you are authorising us to collect, store, and use any and all information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, that you agreed that such third parties could provide to us through the Application Programming Interfaces (“API”). Your agreement takes place when you “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) one of our applications on such Third Party Social Networks. The information you allow us to access varies by Application, and it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish on those Third Party Social Networks. You can control and find out more about these settings at Facebook and Game Centre.
1.5.Sharing of information upon your request
We access your social network profile if you allow us to for the purposes of using in-app features.
These third party sites are governed by their own privacy policies and end user agreements and we are not responsible for, and have no control over, the sharing practices or policies of the third parties that operate those sites.
We may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, Third Party Social Networks and your preferences: (i) your basic information from your profile, such as your name, surname, email address, login ID, player identifier string; (ii) your photos and videos. The Application may further ask you to allow us to (i) post on such Third Party Social Networks on your behalf (e.g. photos, e-cards, videos and status updates) and to (ii) manage your notifications (access your notifications and mark them as read). Please keep in mind that we will only do that if specifically directed by you and we will store ID and your full name for the purposes of user identification. Other information will be merely stored within the Application on your device so that the Application will be able to communicate with Third Party Social Network directly.
1.6.Consent to public display of data upon your acceptance
We may publicly display your data when you participate in app related activities for the purposes of user identification.
If you use Third Party Social Networks to participate in app related activities, including but not limited to participation in downloading and uploading of content, we may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding app. Data that personally identifies you is collected, used, stored and transmitted in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
1.7. Our use of information collected from you
We use the information collected from you for delivering and promoting our services, internal analysis and research to improve the services. You hereby allow us to collect, process and store the data as stated in this Privacy Policy. We use the information we collect about you/your computing device to deliver services to you and to operate our business. Such use by us and by our Partners may include:
1. Delivering our services: developing, delivering and improving our products, services, and content, tailoring our products and services, providing software updates and product support, understanding and analysing trends in connection with usage of the Applications and the Websites, administering the Applications and the Websites, and customer communications. For information that can be treated as personal information in some legislation, we use only device identifiers.
2. Analytics and research: Understanding and analysing trends in connection with the usage of the Applications and the Website, auditing, learning about user behaviour within the Applications and the Websites (how often you use the Application/Website, the events that occur within the Application/Website, aggregated usage, performance data etc.), gathering demographic information about our user base, data about where the Application was downloaded from. For information that can be treated as personal information in some legislation, we use only device identifiers. We use the data we receive from Third Party Social Network for internal analytics.
For a detailed explanation about what information is being used for what purposes and by which Partners please see the “Cookie” section of this Privacy Policy.
1.8.Push notifications
We will only use push notifications to remind you about your activities within the Application. You will receive push notifications only if you are subscribed to push notifications in the Application. You can unsubscribe in accordance with instruction provided for your device. We collect push notification tokens in order for us to be able to determine whether you are subscribed to push notifications. When you decide to unsubscribe from push notifications, such push notification tokens will be deleted from our database.
2. Storing of information
We store your information for as long as needed to provide you with our services. We may store information longer, but only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. We delete the information as soon as we do not need them for providing our services.
2.1. For EU Countries
We store personal information as long as it is needed for the provision of our services. Traffic information is erased or made anonymous when it is no longer needed for the purpose of the transmission or, in the case of payable services, up to the end of the period during which the bill may lawfully be challenged or payment pursued. Location information is stored to the extent and for the duration necessary for the provision of a value-added service. Cookies, direct marketing and provision of value-added services information (including traffic information used for these purposes) is stored as long as the same is necessary for the provision of these activities, or up to the time when a user opts out from such use in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the “Access to Personal Information” section herein. Other information is stored for as long as we consider it to be necessary for the provision of our services. This section shall not prevent any technical storage or access to information for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication or as strictly necessary in order for us to provide the service you requested.
2.2. For US
We will retain collected information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable legislation.
Storing might be different depending on the territory of collecting the information and the applicable legislation, but we always strive to store the information only as long as it is needed for the purposes of providing, improving or personalising our services.
3. Deletion of information
When information is no longer needed, we shall delete it using reasonable measures to protect the information from unauthorised access or use.
4. Protection of personal information
We have implemented: reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of the collected information, and to prevent unauthorised access and the use of information contrary to this Privacy Policy. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that your information remains secure when maintained by us, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
5. Integrity of personal information
We strive to enable you to keep your information accurate, complete and up to date. You can access, check and ensure the integrity of your information as described below.
6. Information collection relating to children
We consider ourselves to be family oriented, however we have decided to voluntarily implement higher child protection standards even though our products and services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will take all reasonable steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at workhoursapp@mail.com.
7. In-app purchases
Our Applications enable in-app purchases.
Our Applications are free, however they might include in-app purchases. In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the app store password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. You should be aware of the 20-minute window after the downloading of an Application, during which in-app purchases may be made without inserting an in-app store password. You should also take into account that some operating systems on mobile phones do not require entering of the app store account password to carry out in-app purchases.
8. Opt-out
You are always free to opt out from the future collection of your personal information by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy by uninstalling all the Applications from each of your computing devices and discontinuing use of the Websites.
9. Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer. Please note that removing or blocking cookies may affect your user experience and you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our website and some functionalities may not work.
When you visit our website, you agree that we may place cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies for very limited purposes, that is to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and other customisation functions and to track usage information. Cookies also enable us to provide you a personalised experience, which is in line with your settings.
9.1. Google Analytics cookie
As a great number of internet sites, we use Google analytics to measure the usage of our website. Google Analytics uses a cookie to more efficiently track individual users of the site.
10 Analytics
10.1. Google Analytics
We utilise Google Analytics, a web analytics tool, that helps us understand how users engage with our Site, so that we can review and improve our Services. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It provides a report to us with website trends without identifying individual visitors. Site usage is tracked using Google Analytics in accordance with their Privacy Policy . However, if you do not want your data to be used by Google Analytics, you may opt-out by installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on .
10.2. Do Not Track
“Do Not Track” is a feature enabled on some browsers that sends a signal to request that a web application disable its tracking or cross-site user tracking. We do not do any cross-site user tracking for advertising purposes, we only use cookies for analytical/sharing/authentication purposes mentioned above. We are however legally obliged to disclose that: “At present, we do not respond to or alter its practices when a Do Not Track signal is received.”
10.3. Fabric SDK
Fabric SDK provides us with the ability to capture and collect crash logs through the Crashlytics service (Crashlytics privacy policy can be found at https://get.fabric.io/crashlytics?locale=en-gb#Privacy ), and we collect statistical data on the usage of our app through Answers (Answers privacy policy can be found at https://answers.io/img/privacy.pdf ).
10.4. Firebase SDK
Firebase SDK provides us with the ability to and collect collect statistical data on the usage of our app (Firebase privacy policy can be found at https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html ).
10.5. Facebook SDK
Facebook SDK provides us with the ability to interact with the Facebook Platform for integration with Facebook if and when you choose to connect your Facebook account. The Facebook Platform Privacy Policy can be found at: https://developers.facebook.com/policy/) and the Facebook Privacy Policy can be found at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. Facebook SDK also collects statistical data on the usage of our app.
10.6. Third Parties
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party websites or services from our website and our mobile applications. We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from our website or applications, including the information or content contained therein.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website or applications to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those linked on our website or in our applications, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
11. Support
If you have further questions or any concerns regarding privacy, the best way to get the answers is to contact us by email at workhoursapp@mail.com.
If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only to provide support to you. We don’t rent, sell or share your email address unless we have your express consent and in the following circumstances:
1. We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
2. We may share your email address and Support Information to enforce compliance with our mobile application license agreements and user agreements, to respond to legal requirements, when legally required to do so, and at the request of governmental authorities.
3. We may share your email address and Support Information with a successor entity or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate reorganisation provided that use of your email address is otherwise in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
12. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be placed here and the amended version will supersede this version of our Privacy Policy. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Privacy Policy. However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
If we make changes in the way we use your email address, we will notify you in advance of posting by email. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the email.
For general information please feel free to contact us via contacts provided on https://sites.google.com/view/workhoursapp and for privacy question via workhoursapp@mail.com.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it