Privacy Policy
Date of Publication: 17th Oct, 2019
Your (hereinafter referred to as “You” or “Your”) privacy is top priority of MISSU  LIMITED (hereinafter referred to as “we”, “us” or “our”). We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly.
We herein refer to our OPixels mobile software (hereinafter referred to as “Mobile App” or “App”) and related services (hereinafter referred to as “Services”) used by users (hereinafter referred to as “Users”). Please read our END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT for more detail about how you can use our App. By using the Mobile App and any of the Services, you may also need to know how we treat your personal information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, your continuous use of the App will be considered as accepting and consenting to the practices described in the Privacy Policy.
1.	WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
There are two general categories of information we will process. Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new or better experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the purposes as set out below. If any new purposes for processing your personal information arise we will let you know before we start to process information on that new purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy Policy.
1.1 Information that you submit
(1)User Information. Information you provide when you register for the App and Services (if applicable), which may include password and e-mail. You may also login to your account via the account of third-party service provider, for example, Facebook. We may also obtain other information when you provide it to us: for example, if you purchase a product or report a problem through our App, you may provide your email address, your device model and system version. Some of such information can be used by us to identify or contact you directly and is sometimes referred to as personally identifiable information.
(2)	Photos and Facial Features Information. In order to use certian features of the App, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photo in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album. When you use certain face recognition functions including but not limited to Aging Filter, we will use the sdk provided by third parties to analyze the facial features information, automatically capture the five facial coordinates in the photos, and process the photos, feedback the effect drawing to you. We capture the facial features information only for operating the face recognition functions and providing better effect drawing for you. For such photos, facial features information and effect drawing, we will neither store nor share them with any third parties after processing.
1.2 Information we collect automatically
(1) Information from Device. When you access the Services on your wireless device, we may obtain information about the operation system and its version, and the type of device you are using. We may also collect the Identifier for Advertising and Unique Device Identifier regarding your device in order to provide our Service.
(2) Subscription data. We collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored by third-party companies (such as Apple and Google). These companies can be contacted through their websites: https://www.apple.com or https://play.google.com. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies. Please see Section 3 below for more information.
2.	WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your information to keep you safe and to communicate with you. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information:
Deliver Services. Deliver our Services to you and maintain, improve the quality and operation of our Services, ensure their optimal functionality and operation.
Maintain Relationship. Identify, establish and manage your account and our relationship with you.
Respond Requests. Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests.
Customize Content. We use your email address, name, country and language and information of your device for customized marketing purposes: (i) to improve and customize the App and related Services; (ii) to provide you personalized content, including through the delivery of targeted interest-based advertisements from us or our partners.
3. WILL WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your information to third parties when obligated or permitted to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. We reserve the right to disclose to third parties non-personally identifiable information collected for any lawful purpose.
We may transfer information, including any personally identifiable information, to a successor entity (or potential buyer) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
The App and Services may include and/or enable you to access other content or service provided by the third party (collectively, “Third Party Content and Services”). The use of such Third Party Content and Services is subject to their privacy policies. You shall be aware that the use of the Third Party Content and Services may give these third parties the ability to access, collect, store, and/or share your information. In order to clarify, we do not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to such Third Party Content and Services and your access to any Third Party Content and Services is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the information contained and/or made available through, the practices of, or your use or inability to use such Third Party Content and Services. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of such Third Party Content and Services. We recommended that you read the terms, conditions and privacy policies of such Third Party Content and Services before using or accessing any of them.
4.	WHAT ABOUT INFROMATION RELATING TO CHIDREN
Our services are intended for general audiences over the age of 16 years old (or other statutory minimum age accordance with the laws and regulation in your country. Collectively “Minimum Age”). We do not knowingly collect information from children under the Minimum Age. If you are not over Minimum Age, then DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us at
hdwallpaperfeedback@gmail.com
and we will promptly delete such personal information.
5.	HOW TO ACCESS AND CHANGE YOU PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
You may be entitled to access personally identifiable information held about you, subject to certain exemptions in accordance with the applicable data protection law. You may exercise the right at any time by contacting us at
hdwallpaperfeedback@gmail.com
.
6.	HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOU INFORMATION
We retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide the Services to you. We will also retain and use your information to the extent necessary: to comply with applicable law, to evidence our compliance with applicable law, if there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or if the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as enforcing our terms or fraud prevention.
Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific timeframe due to technical constraints.
7.	INFORMATION SECURITY
We use reasonable electronic, personnel, and physical measures to protect information from loss, theft, alteration, or misuse. However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
8.	 PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to this Privacy Policy will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. We may also choose to email all our registered users with the new versions and it is within our sole discretion whether or not we choose to do so. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the App, and if you do not agree to any changes we make in the future, you must terminate your using of the App.
Where language on the Mobile Apps contradicts that found in this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy shall prevail.
9.	TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE YOUR TERRITORY
We work in the international space and provide our App to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the App and/or Services. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
10.	THE WAY TO CONTACT WITH US
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Privacy Policy, or how we handle your information, please contact us at
hdwallpaperfeedback@gmail.com