Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is our* policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website,
https://playthex.app
, app, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
Information we collect on the service includes: user-provided information and cookies/auto collected info. When using the service, we collect information that you provide us including your name, profile picture, phone number, geographic location, and other preferences. You provide this information when you register for an account. We also may use third party cookies and services to track small pieces of data to help improve our app. For example, we use Fabric.io and Firebase to collect and process some analytics data.
How do we use the information we collect? We use the information to operate, maintain, enhance, improve, and provide all features of the service and information that you request. We use the information to analyze the usage and preferences of our users to develop more improved and better services. We may use your phone number or other information we collect to contact you for administrative purposes.
You may choose to decline to share certain information with us. This may cause us to be unable to provide you of some features and functionalities within the service. You can contact natebrierhinge@gmail.com to access or change any personal information we hold about you. Most changes you make will be changed in the active user databases reasonably quickly, but we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, legal purposes, or any other legitimate reason.
We use physical, managerial, and technical safeguards in the hopes of improving the integrity and security of the information we collect. No security measures are perfect or impenetrable, so we cannot and do not make any guarantees about your information being accessed, viewed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by any breach of these safeguards.
Please visit this page periodically to stay up to date on any changes to this policy, which we may change from time to time. We will make a reasonable effort to notify you of a change. The continued use of the service after the policy has changed indicates you have read, understood, and agreed to the new policy.
This service is hosted in the United States and is only intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the service while in the European Union, or other regions of the world with laws regarding data collection that may differ from United States Law, please understand that you are transferring your person information out of your location and into the US for storage and processing. We also may be transfer your data from the US to other countries in connection with storage, processing, operating, etc. Providing any personal information, you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law or with your consent.
Our website and app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website and app will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
natebrierhinge@gmail.com
This policy is effective as of 5 July 2018.