Privacy Policy
NOIVX
Our mission is to create purpose-built apps that serve real
                needs in people’s lives. We use user friendly design and
                efficient development to create apps people use.
Welcome to the online and mobile service (“Service”)
              of Novix Technology Inc. (“Novix Technology Inc,”
              “we,” or “us”). Our Privacy Policy
              explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information
              that applies to our Service, and your choices about the collection
              and use of your information.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION?
Information you provide us directly:
We may ask for certain information such as your username, first
              and last name, and e-mail address when you register for a
              application account, or if you correspond with us. We may also
              retain any messages you send through the Service, and may collect
              information you provide in User Content you post to the Service.
              We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you
              the features and functionality of the Service and as is further
              explained below.
Information we may receive from third parties:
We may receive information about you from third parties. For
              example, if you access our websites or Service through a
              third-party connection or log-in, for example, through Facebook
              Connect, by “following,” “liking,” adding
              the our applications, linking your account to the our Service,
              etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use
              of its service to Novix Technology Inc. This information could
              include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your
              account (for example, your Facebook UID), an access token
              necessary to access that service, any information that you have
              permitted the third party to share with us, such as your profile
              photo, videos you have posted or “liked” on the
              third-party service, and your friends or contacts, and any
              information you have made public in connection with that service.
              We may also receive information about your friends or contacts on
              the third-party service, such as their names, profile photos, and
              videos they have posted or “liked” on the service and
              make that information available to other Users of our Service. You
              should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy
              settings on third-party websites and services before linking or
              connecting them to the Novix Technology Inc Service. You may also
              unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your
              settings on the third party service. If you unlink your third
              party account, we will remove the information collected about you
              in connection with that service.
Analytics information:
We may directly collect analytics data, or use third-party
              analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for
              the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser
              or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other
              information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect
              and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it
              cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular
              individual user.
Cookies information:
When you visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies
              — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric
              characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your
              browser and lets Novix Technology Inc help you log in faster and
              enhance your navigation through the site A cookie may also convey
              information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages
              you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the
              Service), and allow us or our business partners to track your
              usage of the Service over time. A persistent cookie remains on
              your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies
              may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.
              Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web
              browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and
              disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web
              browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is
              being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function
              properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log file information:
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or
              mobile device each time you access the Service. When you use our
              Service, our servers automatically record certain log file
              information. These server logs may include anonymous information
              such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”)
              address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of
              clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain
              names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Device identifiers:
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device
              (including but not limited to smart-phones or tablets), we may
              access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more
              “device identifiers,” such as a universally unique
              identifier (“UUID”). Device identifiers are small data
              files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your
              mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A
              device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device
              hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s
              operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by
              Novix Technology Inc. A device identifier may convey information
              to us about how you browse and use the Service. A device
              identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log
              in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service. Some
              features of the Service may not function properly if use or
              availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Location data:
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may
              access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store “location
              data,” which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude
              and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of
              your mobile device. Location data may convey to us information
              about how you browse and use the Service. Some features of the
              Service, particularly location-based services, may not function
              properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or
              disabled.
Commercial and marketing communications:
We use the information we collect or receive to communicate
              directly with you. We may send you emails containing newsletters,
              promotions and special offers. If you do not want to receive such
              email messages, you will be given the option to opt out or change
              your preferences. We also use your information to send you
              Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase and
              billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features
              of the Service, technical and security notices). You may not opt
              out of Service-related e-mails.
Use of certain service type information we collect about
                you:
We use or may use cookies, log file, device identifiers, location
              data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so
              that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the
              next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized
              content and information; (c) to provide and monitor the
              effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such
              as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
              (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; (f) help you efficiently
              access your information after you sign in; (g) to provide
              advertising to your browser or device, and (h) automatically
              update the Novix Technology Inc application on your mobile
              devices.
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your information into third parties
              outside Novix Technology Inc and without your consent, except as
              noted below:
Who we may share your information with:
We may share your information with third-party business partners
              for the purpose of providing the Service to you. Those business
              partners will be given limited access to your information as is
              reasonably necessary to deliver the Service, and we will require
              that such third parties comply with this Privacy Policy.
Who you may choose to share your User Content
                with:
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for
              posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to
              the public. Subject to your profile and any applicable privacy
              settings, any User Content that you make public is searchable by
              other Users. If you remove information that you posted to the
              Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages
              of the Service, or if other Users have copied or saved that
              information.
What happens in the event of a change of control:
We may buy or sell/divest/transfer the company (including any
              shares in the company), or any combination of its products,
              services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as
              customer names and email addresses, User Content and other user
              information related to the Service may be among the items sold or
              otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also
              sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course
              of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies,
              dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions
              or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company.
Instances where we are required to share your
                information:
Novix Technology Inc will disclose your information where required
              to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such
              action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable
              requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use
              (
http://www.novix.ca/novix/tos
) or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or
              (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal
              safety of Novix Technology, our Users or others.
Sharing certain service type information we collect about
                you:
We may share certain service type information, including
              information obtained through tools such as cookies, log files,
              device identifiers, location data (such as anonymous usage
              data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of
              clicks, etc.): (i) with our third-party business partners for the
              purposes described in the section above on“How We Collect
              and Use Information.” We may also aggregate or
              otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics
              and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties.
Ads on Novix Technology Inc application:
We may also share certain information such as your location,
              browser and cookie data and other data relating to your use of our
              Service with our business partners to deliver advertisements
              (“ads”) that may be of interest to you. Novix
              Technology Inc may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to
              serve advertisements on the Service. These third-party ad servers
              or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser or
              mobile device, the ads and ad links that appear on the Service,
              and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so.
              They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript,
              device identifiers, location data, see above) to compile
              information about your browser’s or device’s visits
              and usage patterns on the Service, and to measure the
              effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising
              content. Novix Technology Inc does not sell, rent, or share the
              information we collect directly from you or about you from third
              parties with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such
              parties’ own marketing purposes.
Please note that an advertiser may ask Novix Technology Inc to
                show an ad to a certain audience of Users (e.g., based on
                demographics or other interests). In that situation, Novix
                Technology Inc determines the target audience and Novix
                Technology Inc serves the advertising to that audience and only
                provides anonymous aggregated data to the advertiser. If you
                respond to such an ad, the advertiser or ad server may conclude
                that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to
                reach.
The Novix Technology Inc Privacy Policy does not apply to, and
                we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers.
                Please consult the respective privacy policies of such
                advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information.
HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Storage and Processing:
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and
              processed in the United States or any other country in which Novix
              Technology Inc or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service
              providers maintain facilities. Novix Technology Inc may transfer
              information that we collect about you, including personal
              information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties
              across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other
              countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in
              the European Union or other regions with laws governing data
              collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that
              we may transfer information, including personal information, to a
              country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data
              protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the
              transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which
              Novix Technology Inc or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or
              service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure
              of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Keeping your information safe:
Novix Technology Inc cares about the security of your information,
              and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the
              integrity and security of all information collected through the
              Service. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable
              steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your
              identity before granting you access to your account. You are
              responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password
              and account information, and for controlling access to your email
              communications from Novix Technology Inc, at all times. However,
              Novix Technology Inc cannot ensure or warrant the security of any
              information you transmit to Novix Technology Inc or guarantee that
              information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed,
              altered, or destroyed. Your privacy settings may also be affected
              by changes to the functionality of third party sites and services
              that you add to the Novix Technology Inc Service, such as social
              networks. Novix Technology Inc is not responsible for the
              functionality or security measures of any third party.
​
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Novix Technology Inc does not knowingly collect or solicit any
              information from anyone under the age of 13. The Service and its
              content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the
              event that we learn that we have collected personal information
              from a child under age 13 without verification of parental
              consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
              If you believe that we might have any information from or about a
              child under 13, please contact us at info@novix.ca.
​
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or
              services linked to or from the Service, including the information
              or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a
              link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy
              does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing
              and interaction on any third-party website or service, including
              those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are
              subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In
              addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not
              control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your
              User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service
              (like Facebook) and you allow such a third-party access to your
              User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does
              not apply to information we collect by other means (including
              offline) or from other sources other than through the Service.
​
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the
              Service, please contact us at
info@novix.ca
.
​
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Novix Technology Inc may modify or update this Privacy Policy from
              time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices,
              and so you should review this page periodically.
Last Edited on 2018-16-10