Advertisement
Word Finder
APP Privacy Policy
Hey there, !
Keep me in the loop! I’d like to receive exclusive email updates
			from WordFinder®
Subscribe
No, thanks
WordFinder® App Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us, and we take the privacy
		concerns of our audience seriously. It is the policy of WordFinder
		(a LoveToKnow Media company product) to respect your privacy
		regarding any information we may collect, either directly or
		automatically, from you across our websites, other sites within the
		LoveToKnow Media Family, Mobile Apps, and emails. This Privacy
		Policy outlines the types of information we collect, how we use it,
		and how we keep that information secure.
Quickly Manage Your Preferences
Cookie and Tracking Preferences
: To adjust your
		cookie and tracking preferences you can manage your preferences by
		going to your Browser or App settings and adjusting your “Privacy or
		Security” settings.
Delete And Manage Your Data (where applicable)
: To
		submit a request for LoveToKnow Media to delete all data collected
		please click
here
.
Information We Collect
Personal Information; Information You Provide
Any Personal Information we have would be available to us because of
		data you provide to LoveToKnow Media through various uses of our
		websites, apps, or email services. This is declared information that
		you as a website visitor directly input through various means; these
		would include:
Contact Information: This could include your name, email
			address, and communication preferences for the purposes of email
			and newsletter communications.
Survey/Questionnaire Data: This could include basic demographic
			and psychographic information such as gender, age range, race,
			income bracket, marital status, household size, interests,
			hobbies, etc. This is information that you would submit to
			LoveToKnow directly through website or email communication.
Contest and Sweepstakes Data: This could include name, home
			address, email address, phone number, and any declared responses
			to survey questions or forms for the purposes of entering a
			contest or sweepstakes for a given and posted prize/reward.
Payment and Subscription Data: We may provide opportunities for
			Paid products within our Apps. In these cases we use third party
			services for payment processing. We do not store or collect any
			of your payment details. The payment processors we work with for
			our Apps are: Apple In App Payments:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
. And Google Play In App Payments:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
. You can find their respective Privacy Policies linked out
			above.
Automatically Collected Information
When you visit our websites, mobile applications, or view an email,
		LoveToKnow Media or a third-party service may collect non-personal
		information from your browser or device. This data is typically
		considered non personally identifiable information and does not
		personally identify you on its own. Examples of this information
		are:
Usage Analytics Data: This would include how much time is spent
			interacting with our services, any clicks on links within our
			services, general usage and navigation, and referral paths.
Device-Level Data/Log Files: This would include browser
			information, operating system, device type, internet protocol
			(IP) address, coarse location, browser type/version, browser id,
			internet service provider, entrance/exit pages, time stamps, or
			any other user agent information.
Advertising Measurement Data: This data centers around
			advertisements seen on our website, mobile applications, or
			emails. This would include advertisement views (impressions),
			clicks, or interactions.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Cookies help to track data. A cookie is a small data tracker
		transferred to your device when it is used to access our web
		properties. Cookies can be used for several purposes, including to
		enable aspects or features on our properties or to remember your
		preferences, to better understand how you use our properties, and to
		provide you with more personalized advertising messages on and off
		our properties. You can instruct your browser to stop accepting
		third party cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from
		websites that you visit.
LoveToKnow and our Third-Party Partners/Affiliates may use cookies
		or other tracking technologies/beacons to collect usage information
		and personalize content and advertising. Visitors may choose to
		disable cookies through their browser settings, but this may limit
		access to certain features of our website.
How We Use Information We Collect
LoveToKnow may use the information we collect, either directly or
		automatically for various reasons, which include:
Responding to inquiries, feedback requests, comments, or any
			other requests submitted by our visitors directly.
Personalizing your experience on our web and app properties,
			which may provide you with content recommendations similar to
			what you have interacted with previously on our properties.
Creating a more personalized advertising experience based on
			your interests, including email communication.
To help authenticate any account created on our websites or
			mobile applications.
For analytical and monitoring purposes. This includes analyzing
			usage information to help create new experiences, detection of
			bugs or suboptimal functionality, to optimize our services, or
			creation of new services. We may also use this data to monitor
			traffic and visitor behavior on our properties.
To fulfill submissions to any website sweepstakes or promotions.
To comply with legal obligations or requirements, as directed by
			Law.
How Do We Share or Disclose Information
LoveToKnow may share or disclose information provided to other third
		party companies as defined below:
Service Providers and Affiliates: We may provide access to
			anonymized information to outside parties that perform services
			on our behalf, including subscription processing, managing email
			lists and sending email messages on our behalf, payment
			processing and order fulfillment, analytics, and performing
			other administrative services, in order to carry out such
			services.
Clients, Contest and Promotion Providers: If you enter a contest
			or sweepstakes promotion that is sponsored by a third party or
			client and have agreed to opt-in to marketing and promotions,
			the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may
			be disclosed to that third party for their use subject to their
			own policies.
Third-Party Advertising Partners: LoveToKnow Media is supported
			and monetized by third-party advertising partners. These
			partners may employ technologies which allow for the delivery of
			personalized advertising on Our Properties. These technologies
			may collect specific and anonymized information to deliver more
			relevant advertising and marketing messages. These third parties
			include advertising and supply side partners, data management
			platforms and exchanges, advertising servers, web analytics
			providers, and other advertising technologies. We may also
			sometimes provide specific and anonymized information to service
			providers, who may attempt to match our data with their own,
			this would come in the form of hashed unidentifiable email
			addresses, mobile ad IDs, and other proprietary and anonymous
			IDs which we may assign, in order to provide you with a more
			personalized ad experience.
Law Enforcement/Legal Reasons: Information may be disclosed
			legal parties, if required by law or subpoena, or if such an
			action is necessary to (1) comply the reasonable requests of law
			enforcement, (2) to protect the security or integrity of our
			properties and data, or (3) to protect the rights, property, or
			personal safety and security of our organization.
Our Relationship with Other Parties
Third Parties and Advertising Technologies:
Our websites and products contain links out to or content from
		outside websites or third party products/services. These links,
		content snippets, or advertisements is not necessarily an
		endorsement, or representation of our affiliation with any of those
		other parties, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy policies.
We can not control third party websites, products or services, these
		products and services may place their own cookies or tracking
		technologies on your device to collect data or solicit information
		from you while using those services and we encourage you to learn
		about the privacy practices of those parties.
Social Media Providers
Our products include social media features from providers such as;
		Facebook’s “Like” button, Twitter’s sharing capability, Pinterest
		Pins, Instagram follow, or other third party social services. These
		social media companies may recognize your device or login
		information on their platform and collect information, or they may
		set a cookie or use other tracking technologies. Your interactions
		with those features are governed by the privacy policies of those
		third party social media companies.
Managing Your Preferences and Choices
There are many ways that you can control the information that you
		provide to us directly and indirectly.
Cookies, Analytics, and Digital Advertising
Most commercial browsers allow you to manage your own cookie
		preferences in the browser settings to either (1) notify you when
		you receive a cookie, so you may choose if you want to accept it,
		(2) disable existing cookies, or (3) reject all cookies by default
		(or specific types of cookies, third party vs first party for
		example).
However you should know that restricting the use of these trackers
		such as cookies might negatively impact your experience using our
		properties, since some features could be less personalized to your
		behaviors or may not work as intended since some tracking and
		analytical functionality will not be present.
To learn more about personalized and interest-based online
		advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of these
		practices you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA)
		resources at
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
(or
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
or
https://youradchoices.ca/en/tools
for the EEA and Canada, respectively) or the Network Advertising
		Initiative’s (NAI) online resources at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
.
Please know that if you choose to opt-out of receiving more
		personalized or interest-based online advertisements, this does not
		mean you will no longer see advertisements on our properties.
		Opting-out simply means that the advertisements that you will see
		are either non-personalized or follow the NAI self-regulatory
		program and should not be based on your interests or tailored to
		your browsing behaviors. LoveToKnow Media is not responsible for the
		effectiveness of, or third-party compliance with any opt-out
		programs. In addition, third parties may still use cookies or other
		tracking technologies to collect information about your use of our
		online services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as
		well as any other purpose permitted under those self-regulatory
		programs.
Email and Marketing Communications
If you would prefer to to stop receiving emails from any of our
		properties, you will need to click on the “unsubscribe” link in any
		email from us. This will ensure you are no longer opted-in to
		receiving emails from that particular Product or Sender. Please note
		that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period
		of time for your opt-out to become effective in our email
		communications software. Alternatively, you may also unsubscribe
		from email communications by using the “Contact Us” address found at
		the bottom of this Policy.
Other Rights Specific to Your Location
Residents of certain locations, including Nevada, California,
		Virginia, the European Union or EEA, and the United Kingdom, have
		specific rights with respect to the collection, use, and sharing of
		personal information. You can see specific rights per location below
		in this Policy.
Protection and Security of Information
LoveToKnow employs all appropriate administrative, technical and
		security measures to help prevent unauthorized access, use, or
		disclosure of the information that has been collected. However, no
		systems can be completely secure. Therefore, while LoveToKnow will
		use every reasonable effort to protect your information we cannot
		guarantee its absolute security, and your use of our Digital
		Products indicates your agreement to assume any risk.
Children’s Information Policy
LoveToKnow’s properties are not designed for, or intended for the
		use by Children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any
		information about children under the age of 13 on any of our
		Properties. If we discover that information on any visitor under the
		age of 13 has been collected, we will ensure the deletion of that
		information immediately. If you are a Parent or Guardian and believe
		that we have collected information from a child under the age of 13
		please contact us through the “Contact Us” address at the bottom of
		this policy.
International Information Transfer
The information that you provide to us either directly or indirectly
		may be stored and processed in the United States, Spain, or any
		other country where LoveToKnow Media or its Affiliates operate. The
		data protection laws in these countries may have differing standards
		of protection for your information than the country that you are
		located, or your country of residence. If you have any questions
		about this policy please feel free to find the Contact Us link
		below. Also note that any International Information transfer would
		be anonymized information, not identifiable.
If you are using our products and services in the European Union or
		EEA, United Kingdom, or a United States State that has specific
		protection laws, please review the sections below for more
		information regarding privacy rights associated in those locations.
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time without prior
		notice to adhere to any Industry or Legal Policy updates. Any
		changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the
		revised Privacy Policy, we will make an effort to highlight material
		changes to this policy at the top of this page and indicate a
		revision date on the Policy itself. Your continued use of our
		Products and Services your acceptance to any revised Privacy Policy.
California Privacy Notice
This California Privacy Notice applies only to individual residents
		of California and serves an addendum to the information contained in
		our Privacy Policy specifically for those residents. The California
		Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, including as amended by the California
		Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to
		know, delete, correct, limit, and opt out, and requires businesses
		collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notices and
		means to exercise rights. For the purposes of the California Privacy
		Notice all Personal Information shall mean any information which can
		specifically identify or be linked to a specific resident or
		household and is not defined as publicly available information.
In the past 12 Months, LoveToKnow has collected the below
		information as it relates to CCPA
Personal Identifiers: Email Address, Name, Address, or other
			similar identifiers when provided by you
California Customer Records (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such
			as birth date, contact information, when provided by you
Characteristics protected under California or federal law, such
			as age/gender, or other information you may provide us directly
Commercial Information, such as payment and purchase history
Internet/Electronic Network Activity Information, such as device
			information, data logs, and analytics information
Coarse Geolocation Data generated based on IP address from Wi-Fi
Other Personal Information, such as information you post on our
			social media pages or otherwise provide to us
Inferences, including information about your interests,
			preferences and favorites
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose specific categories of personal information or
		identifiers to the service providers, third-party advertising and
		analytics companies, and additional affiliates/providers outlined in
		this policy as described in the “How Do We Share or Disclose
		Information” section of this policy.
This includes disclosure of your information to service
		providers/affiliates for specific business purposes. When we
		disclose information for such purposes, we enter into a contract
		that outlines specific data security and confidentiality of that
		information, and limits its use to specific purposes outlined in
		that contract. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed each
		category of personal information listed above.
LoveToKnow “sells/shares” information outlined in the CCPA to the
		extent that we engage third-party companies to use tracking
		technologies within their services, including personalization and
		contextualization of advertising messages. Third-party partners may
		use specific tracking technologies, like Cookies as defined above,
		to collect specific information about your use on our properties, or
		other platforms/sites, to deliver more personalized advertising
		messages to you.
Depending on what products and services of ours that you use, we may
		“sell/share” information to third-parties for more personalized
		contextual and behavioral advertising the following categories of
		personal information to third-parties: Contact information, device
		level information, connection data, demographic data, inferred
		interest information, user-generated content, contact information,
		coarse geolocation, and social media data.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident you are able to exercise your
		rights as they relate to your information under the following
		categories of information collected (subject to certain limitations
		under the CCPA, and the ability to verify your identity):
Right To Access/Right To Know: You have the right to request or
			access all of the Personal Information that we have collected
			and disclosed in the past 12 months. Please note that you may
			access this information twice in a 12-month period.
Right To Request Deletion: Under California law you have the
			right to request that we delete all Personal Information we have
			about you, under certain circumstances.
The Right to Opt-Out of Sales/Sharing: Under California law you
			have the right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your
			Personal Information that we have collected about you to
			third-parties now or in the future for the purposes of
			contextual advertising or analytics.
Right to Limit Sensitive Personal Information Use: Under
			California Law you have the right to limit the use and
			disclosure of your Personal Information to only that necessary
			for us to provide specific Products or Services to you. We will
			not use or disclose your Personal Information after you have
			requested its limitation, unless you subsequently provide
			consent for the use of such Personal Information for other
			purposes.
Right to Non Discrimination: Under California Law you have the
			right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising
			your rights. Please note that if the exercise of these rights
			limits our ability to process specific Personal Information, we
			may no longer be able to provide you our products and services
			in their full capacity.
How To Submit a Request to Exercise Your Rights
To submit a request for the access of or deletion of your
		information, please submit a request by filling out
this form
.
Before we can process your request, we will need to verify your
		identity and confirm you are a resident of California. In order to
		verify your identity, we need you to provide us specific information
		via email to ensure your identity and verify your location. This
		process may require us to request additional personal information
		from you, including, but not limited to, your email address, phone
		number, or last communication with our products or services.
If we are unable to verify your identity and residence in the State
		of California we may decline your request for deletion or access to
		personal information.
If you would like to Opt Out of “Sales” as defined by the CCPA you
		may submit your request by clicking
here
or finding the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on the
		footer of all of our web properties. As listed above we may need to
		verify your identity and location.
You may also designate an authorized agent, in writing or through a
		power of attorney, to request to exercise the rights on your behalf
		as directed by California Law. If you choose to use an authorized
		agent to exercise your rights under the CCPA, we require that you
		provide us with written permission to exercise your rights and to
		verify your own identity with us.
California “Shine The Light”
Site Visitors who are residents of California may request a list of
		the categories of personal information disclosed by us to
		third-parties during the preceding calendar year for those third
		parties’ own direct marketing purposes, and a list of the categories
		of third parties to whom we disclosed this information. To make this
		request please refer to the Contact Us section of this Privacy
		Policy and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light
		Request.” As with all above requests related to the CCPA we will
		need to verify your identity and residence in the State of
		California, and you may only request this once per calendar year.
Financial Incentives
At times our Products may offer opportunities to receive certain
		benefits such as a discount or free service, that may require your
		personal information. These opportunities could be considered a
		financial incentive under applicable law. When you participate in a
		financial incentive, you agree to the terms of that incentive, and
		may revoke your participation depending on the incentive for example
		by opting out of emails or exercising a data deletion event.
Virginia Privacy Notice
The Virginia Privacy Notice only applies to individuals who are
		Virginia residents. The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act
		(“VCDPA”) provides additional rights and requires businesses
		collecting or disclosing Personal Information to provide notices and
		ways to exercise your rights.
Personal Information is defined as any information that is linked to
		or reasonably linkable to an identified person. Personal information
		does not include anonymized data or publicly available information.
We may collect Personal Information from you provided to us
		Directly, or Automatically as defined in the “Information We
		Collect” section of this policy. As defined under Virginia law,
		Precise Geolocation data is defined as Sensitive Personal
		Information.
We may share this Personal Information identified above with our
		service providers receiving information to perform services for us
		on our behalf.
We do not “sell” your Personal Information as defined under Virginia
		law, which is limited to the exchange or sale of Personal
		Information to a third party for monetary benefit.
As stated and defined in the “How Do We Share or Disclose
		Information” Section of this Policy, LoveToKnow does share personal
		information that is gathered when you visit our Products, such as
		cookies and tracking beacons with third-parties for more
		personalized and customized advertising purposes. You may opt-out of
		sharing by following the instructions provided below.
If you are a resident of Virginia you have the following rights
		under Virginia law regarding your Personal Information:
Right to Access: You have the right to request any Personal
		Information we collect, which may include requests to obtain a copy
		of such information.
Right to Delete: You have the right to request the deletion of your
		Personal Information that is collected by us.
Right to Opt-Out: You have the right to opt-out of utilization of
		your Personal Information for purposes of targeted advertising
		messages, or the sale of personal data.
Right to Non-Discrimination: Under Virginia Law you have the right
		not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
		Please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability
		to process specific Personal Information, we may no longer be able
		to provide you our products and services in their full capacity.
For the above rights to be valid we must be able to verify your
		identity and your authority to make these requests. These rights are
		also subject to various exclusions and exceptions under applicable
		laws. We will verify your identity by using information that you
		provide, such as first name, last name, and email address.
If you are a Virginia resident and wish to exercise these rights,
		please reach us in one of the following ways: You may fill out
this
form to request access to, or deletion of your data; You may also
		Contact Us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.
Notice for Residents of Nevada
This Specific Privacy Notice is intended for residents of the State
		of Nevada. Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a
		Nevada resident to opt-out of future sales of certain covered
		information that a website operator has collected or will collect
		about that resident. You can opt-out of sales by
clicking here
or contacting us at the email address in the “Contact Us” section of
		this Privacy Policy.
Notice for Residents in the European Economic Area (EEA) and United
		Kingdom (UK)
This Specific Privacy Notice serves as an addition to the
		information contained in this Privacy Policy above and applies only
		to those individuals located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland.
This Notice is written to comply with applicable privacy laws,
		specifically the General Data Protection Act (“GDPR”), and guidance
		from the European Union (EU). For the purposes of this Notice,
		Personal Information is defined as any information that is linked to
		or reasonably linkable to an identified person.
The EU and UK data protection laws make a clear distinction between
		companies that process personal data for their own purposes also
		known as Data Controllers, and organizations that process personal
		data on behalf of other companies also known as Data Processors.
		Depending on your use of our Products, LoveToKnow may act as either
		a Data Controller or a Data Processor in respect to your personal
		data. We generally act as a Data Controller from the information you
		provide directly to us through the use of our Products. We can also
		operate as a Data Processor on behalf of another company acting as
		the Data Controller.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
LoveToKnow will only process your Personal Data or Information if we
		have a Legal Basis to do so. These situations include: For our
		Legitimate Interests (as defined below) or those interests of a
		Third-Party; To Comply with Legal and Regulatory Obligations; To
		perform any contractual obligations to you; Where You have given us
		specific consent, including to send you email messages.
Legitimate Interests: LoveToKnow may collect or process Personal
		Information to pursue the legitimate business interests defined in
		the Purposes section below. For us to determine these legitimate
		interests, we balance our legitimate interests against the
		legitimate interests and rights of you and others and only process
		Personal Information aligned with those interests where they are not
		overridden by your data protection rights.
Purposes For Processing Personal Information and Legal Basis
		Processing
Below we have outlined our Legitimate Interests and Legal Bases for
		Processing any Personal Information that you have provided to us.
		This is in addition to the “How We Use Information We Collect”
		section above in this Policy.
To Provide Products or Services that you request: We Need To
			process your Personal Information in order to deliver specific
			services you may request of us according to any applicable
			contract between us.
To Respond to inquiries, or provide other types of reader
			support: It is necessary for us to use your Personal Information
			to respond to any requests or inquiries you make to us or
			provide other types of reader support made at your request.
To Provide, Personalize, Measure, and Improve Marketing
			Communications: This includes sending you promotional emails or
			communications or any other information that could be of
			interest to you specifically with your consent. We may also use
			specific analytics and Personal Information to better understand
			You, our readers, and how our Marketing Communications may
			perform. This processing is done with the basis of legitimate
			interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer products
			or services that may be of interest to you. These Marketing
			Communications may also include Events, Programs, Contests,
			Sweepstakes, or other Promotions.
To Run, Evaluate, or Improve our Products/Services: This may
			include creating and testing new features for our Properties,
			using data to analyze or upgrade your user experience,
			optimizing and assessing the effectiveness of advertising
			messages or placements, and managing the effectiveness of our
			communications. It is in our legitimate interests to process
			Personal Information to carry out these activities.
To Create a More Personalized Experience: This may include
			advertising messages, customized content recommendations, and
			specific offers or promotions to you based on your interests or
			digital behaviors, from us or third-parties. We will serve you
			this more personalized and customized experience only if you
			have consented to this Processing.
To Enable Service Providers and Third-Parties to perform
			specific activities on our behalf: It is necessary for us to
			Process your Personal Information in order to deliver our
			Products and Services in their intended fashion. It is also in
			our legitimate interest to enable our Service Providers and
			Third-Parties to perform specific activities on our behalf.
To Protect You and Create A Trusted Digital Environment: This
			may include compliance with our legal obligations, to ensure
			compliance through our agreements with you and other
			third-parties, to ensure safe, secure, and reliable Services,
			and to detect and prevent crime, assure compliance with our
			policies, and protect and defend our rights, interests, and
			property. In connection with the activities above, we may
			conduct internal research and profiling based on your
			interactions on various Sites, content you submit to the Sites,
			and information obtained from third parties.
Your Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you have the
		right to access, rectify, or delete any and all Personal Information
		that we may have collected about you. You also have the right to
		restrict or object to our Processing of Personal Information that we
		have collected about you. In addition, you have the right to ask
		LoveToKnow not to Process your Personal Information, or provide such
		information to third-parties. You may withdraw your consent at any
		time for any data Processing we do based on consent you have
		provided to us. We have listed out the Specific Privacy Rights
		available to you here:
Right To Access: You have the right to ask us for confirmation
			on whether we are Processing your Personal Information, and
			access to that information.
Right To Deletion/Erasure: You have the right to ask us to
			delete your personal data, as permitted under the GDPR.
Right To Withdraw Consent: You have the right to withdraw
			consent that you have provided to us.
Right To Lodge a Complaint: You have the right to lodge a
			complaint with a supervisory authority in the EU member state of
			your residence.
Right To Restriction of Processing: You have the right to
			request the limiting of our processing and to Third-Party
			Processing.
Right To Data Portability: You have the right to receive any
			Personal Information that you have provided to us, in a readable
			format.
Right to Object: You have the right to object to our processing
			of Personal Information, as permitted by the GDPR.
To exercise any of these rights please click
here
and follow the instructions, you may Contact Us at the email address
		below in the “Contact Us” section, please specify which right you
		intend to exercise in your correspondence.
In our Mobile App products you can directly manage your data
		permission choices from our Consent Management Platform form that
		appears on the first launch of the application.
If you have any issues with our compliance or you believe that we
		have not complied with our obligations under this Privacy Policy or
		EEA, UK, or Switzerland Law you have the right to make a complaint
		to an EU Data Protection Authority, you can find more information on
		your local authority
here
.
Retention of Personal Data
We may retain your Personal Information for as long as deemed
		necessary for the purposes that specific information was retained,
		for example: giving you the ability to use our Products as intended.
		In some instances, we may retain data for longer periods in order to
		comply with applicable laws, resolve disputes with any parties, and
		otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business.
International Transfers
Some of our processing could involve transferring your Personal
		Information outside the EEA, UK, or Switzerland. Several of our
		external third-party providers are also based outside of Europe and
		their processing of your Personal Information may involve a transfer
		of such information outside of the EEA. This could include the
		Country of The United States, where many of our third-party
		providers are based. When a transfer to a third-party located in a
		Country not recognized by the EU Commission as ensuring an adequate
		level of protection, LoveToKnow will take appropriate steps to
		transfer the Personal Information, subject to adequate safeguards,
		such as standard contractual clauses as well as other appropriate
		measures and safeguards to ensure Data Security approved by the
		European Commission.
Contact Us
LoveToKnow is owned by LoveToKnow Media which is headquartered at
		1275 US Highway 1 Unit 2 - 6084 Vero Beach, FL 32960-4706.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or to
		exercise a right outlined by the specific Privacy Notices for
		California, Virginia, Nevada, or from the EEA please contact us at
admin@lovetoknow.com
and we will reply to your inquiry within 7-10 business days.
Updated
Jun 2, 2023
Advertisement
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
