Portal Labs Ltd
Your Privacy Matters
An approach we're proud of.
Portal’s all about delivering experiences that make you feel as though you’ve escaped into nature. It’s why peace of mind that your privacy is respected and protected is crucial to what we’re all about.
We’d love for you to take a moment to get familiar with how we do things.
No Data Harvesting. No Targeted Advertising.
You’re not the product.
There’s no harvesting of your data nor any targeted advertising. We don’t sell, transfer or trade your data - it’s an approach we’re proud of.
Your Personal Information.
Your call.
We do our utmost to ensure we only use your personal information (data that can be used to identify you) where it is absolutely necessary.
1 – When you contact us.
This could be via email, a review or even a DM.
The personal information we'll use includes your contact info and any supporting info you provide.
We do this for the sole purpose of responding to and actioning your feedback and support requests...and hopefully turning any frowns upside down :)
When you email us, your message and any attachments may end up being hosted by the following providers:
Provider
How They Help
Location
Policy
Google (Gmail)
Hosting our @portal.app email addresses.
US, Europe (EEA)
Read
Freshworks (Freshdesk)
Providing the support tools we use to provide great customer support.
Europe (EEA)
Read
Slack
To help us collaborate as a team on solutions to your problems.
US, Europe (EEA)
Read
Linear
Supporting our collaboration on reported bugs, improvements & feature requests
US
Read
We only keep this information for as long as is necessary to respond to your request and improve our services.
2 – When you use our Apps or visit our website.
To help us deliver our audio and visual content to your device, the only personal information we may store or use is the IP address you connect from, this information is used by us and our partners for security, support and abuse prevention and never for tracking.
And, to provide us with insights so that we can improve our website, we also collect some anonymised and aggregated usage data. But rest assured, this data contains no personal information whatsoever.
With the above in mind we use the following providers:
Provider
How They Help
Location
Policy
Fly.io
Server Hosting
US
Read
Bunny CDN
Content Distribution
Global
Read
Plausible
They help us see what’s popular on our website.
Europe (EEA)
Read
We only keep this data for as long as is necessary to improve our services and provide better content.
Your Privacy Shouldn't Be a Worry.
Security and transparency are key.
Security
We use appropriate encryption and physical security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction.
Regular internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures ensure we’re up-to-speed with the latest in industry best practice.
However, no method of transmitting or storing data is 100% secure, so whilst we do our best we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Third party disclosure
We carefully choose the third party providers we work with. We don’t partner up with anyone that doesn’t take a strong approach to privacy and data security.
We only share data that’s necessary for the services they provide and require all providers to enter into data protection agreements with us that safeguards your privacy and prohibits them from using your data for any other purpose.
Where necessary we may need to share your data in order to comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal processes or enforceable governmental requests; as well as to enforce our Terms of Use, and to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our business, our customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
In the unlikely event that we sell the company, your information may be transferred to a subsequent owner/co-owner of the business.
Access
You can access, correct, update or delete your data at any time simply by contacting us at info@portal.app - no ifs, buts or maybes, we’ll get it done.
We hope this policy gives you the confidence and reassurance that we're committed to safeguarding your privacy.
If you have any questions at all, please don’t hesitate to drop us a line at info@portal.app
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
From time to time we may update our Privacy Policy.
We'll keep you in the loop of any material changes via our Twitter & Instagram accounts and post the updated version here.
Last Updated:
13th June 2023