Legal & privacy
Legal & privacy
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Cookies Policy
Manage Cookies Preferences
Exchange Terms
Terms of Service
Risk Disclosure Statement
Affiliate Program Terms
P2P Market Place Terms of Service
Derivative Terms
Derivatives Terms of Service
Derivative Fee and Margin Schedule
Product Descriptions
Funding Payment Summary
Derivative Products Risk Disclosure Statement
General Notices and Terms
API Terms of Service
Anti-Spam Policy
Chatbot Terms of Service
General Rules for Competitions
Law Enforcement Request Policy
Market Data Terms
Trademark Notices
Bitfinex Pay Terms
Bitfinex Pay Merchant Terms
Bitfinex Pay End User Terms
Bitfinex Pay Privacy Statement
Token Specific Terms
RRT Token Terms
ETH2 Token Terms
ETH2Rewards Token Terms
Trading Rulebook
Bitfinex Privacy Statement
Last updated
February 28, 2025
Thank you for visiting
https://www.bitfinex.com/
(the “
Site
”). The Site is owned and operated by iFinex Inc. and its affiliates (together “
Bitfinex
”). “
we
”, “
our
”, or “
us
” means either or respectively: iFinex Inc., BFXWW Inc., BFXNA Inc., Unus Sed Leo Limited and Bitfinex Derivatives El Salvador S.A. de C.V..
This privacy notice (“
Privacy Statement
”) sets out the basis on which any Personal Information we collect from you (“
you”
, “
your”
, or “
customer”
) or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. By “
Personal Information
”, we mean any information which, either alone or in combination with other data, enables you to be directly or indirectly identified, for example your name, email address, username, contact details or any unique identifier such as an IP address, device ID or other online identifier.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Statement shall have the meaning ascribed in our Terms of Service (which can be found at
https://www.bitfinex.com/legal/exchange/terms
) or the additional terms incorporated into or referenced in such Terms of Service.
Please read the following carefully to understand what Personal Information we collect, how that Personal Information is used and the ways it can be shared by us.
If you are accessing the Site from the US, the data controllers of your Personal Information are:
iFinex Inc., a company which is registered in the BVI with an address at Trinity Chambers, PO Box 4301 VG1110, Road Town, Tortola, under company number 1 774 852; and/or
BFXNA Inc., a company which is registered in the BVI with an address at Trinity Chambers, PO Box 4301 VG1110, Road Town, Tortola, under company number 1 900848.
If you are accessing the Site from outside the US, the data controllers of your Personal Information are:
iFinex Inc., a company which is registered in the BVI with an address at Trinity Chambers, PO Box 4301 VG1110, Road Town, Tortola, under company number 1 774 852; and/or
BFXWW Inc., a company which is registered in the BVI with an address at Trinity Chambers, PO Box 4301 VG1110, Road Town, Tortola, under company number 1 871 900.
If you purchase a LEO token on the Site or if a LEO token is repurchased on the Site, the data controller of your Personal Information is:
Unus Sed Leo Limited, a company which is registered in the BVI with an address at Trinity Chambers, PO Box 4301 VG1110, Road Town, Tortola, under company number 2102097.
Each data controller above appointed Rickert Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH, whose registered office is Colmantstraße 15, 53115, Bonn, Germany, as its EU/UK representative.
If you are accessing the Derivative Site, in addition to the above, your Personal Information will be controlled by Bitfinex Derivatives El Salvador S.A. de C.V., a company which is registered in the Republic of El Salvador with an address at Calle El Mirador, 87 Av. Norte, Col. Escalón, Edificio World Trade Center, Torre Futura, San Salvador, under company number 233 of book 4904 of the Registry of Companies.
Our Processing of Your Personal information
Purpose
Personal Information
Legal basis
From You
From Others and Your Devices
Establish and maintain a commercial relationship with you (creation and management of your Accounts with us, including dealing with your request to make Accounts changes)
Username, email address, password, time zone, referee code
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform
Information about your visit, including the dates and times you use the Site, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call the contact phone number provided on our Site, IP addresses, logs history
You are using us
(performance of a contract)
Understand your needs and your eligibility for products and services
Contact details, investment history
N/A
Deliver our Services to you (including in relation to Subaccounts)
Username, email address, Digital Token Wallet addresses, Accounts, deposit and withdrawals, deposits addresses, balance history, bank statements, bank account numbers, Personal Information posted by you
N/A
Purchasing LEO tokens or LEO tokens repurchased on the Site and responding to enquiries and problems that may arise in relation to such purchase or repurchase
Username, email address, Digital Token Wallet addresses, Accounts, deposit and withdrawals, deposits addresses, balance history, bank statements, bank account numbers, Personal Information posted by you
N/A
Inform you about trading and financing features, inform you on developments and new products
Contact details
N/A
Operation of the P2P Market Place
Personal Information you provide when you create or update your P2P Market Place Bio, such as details about yourself and your display name.
Personal Information you provide when posting notices on the electronic bulletin board, communicating through the electronic chat functionality, or otherwise choose to enter including in a “free form” text field, including information about your payment methods or any other Personal Information you may decide to share.
Additionally, if you choose to make a payment in Fiat, your name will be shared with the user receiving that payment. That information is shared for purposes of fraud and money laundering detection by allowing the recipient to confirm your name associated with your Bitfinex Account matches the name associated with the banking information the user receives separately from you.
Personal Information in your P2P Market Place Bio about you or about your use of the P2P Market Place Services populated by us, such as the amount of time since your account was verified, your verification level, how long you have been using the P2P Market Place Services, number of P2P Market Place transactions you have completed or cancelled, average time to confirm a transaction.
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform
Information about your visit, including the dates and times you use the P2P Market Place, length of visits, interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the P2P Market Place, logs history
Process billing and collection of any fees
Contact details, email address, Digital Token Wallet addresses, deposit and withdrawals, deposits addresses, balance history, bank statements, bank account numbers, Personal Information posted by user
N/A
Administer the website, system administration and detecting usage patterns (including broad demographic information for aggregated use), provide information about developments and new products, including enhancement to the Site, develop and  enhance the Site, sending you service announcement
Contact details
IP address, browser type, access times, URL requested and referral URL
We think we can
(legitimate interest)
Detection for troubleshooting purposes
N/A
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform
Information about your visit, including the dates and times you use the Site, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call the contact phone number provided on our Site
Comply with industry self-regulatory, audit and security requirements
Username, email address, full name and contact details, Digital Token Wallet addresses, 2 forms of ID, information about ID (including ID number), date of birth, the name associated with an account to which you wish to make a withdrawal, picture, signature, skype pseudo and call, bank accounts numbers, proof of residence, utility bill, tax statement, service bill, employment status, employer name and address, certificate of incorporation, business registration, article of association, ownership and control structure, directors, authorized signatories, authorized signature list, board minutes, officer and director list, name of UBO, certificate of good standing
N/A
Protect the right, property, safety of us, our clients or others
Any of the Personal Information in this table, taking into account necessity and data minimization
N/A
Conduct surveys and get feedback from you
Contact details
N/A
Ensure that yours or the other customers’ usage of the P2P Market Place Services complies with our terms and applicable laws
Personal Information you provide when posting notices on the electronic bulletin board or communicating through the electronic chat functionality
Personal Information you provide in complaints sent through the P2P Market Place reporting process or via email
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform
Information about your visit, including the dates and times you use the P2P Market Place, length of visits, interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the P2P Market Place, logs history
Administer the P2P Market Place, detect usage patterns, develop and enhance the P2P Market Place Services
Personal Information you provide when posting notices on the electronic bulletin board or communicating through the electronic chat functionality
Personal Information we collect from your usage of the P2P Market Place Services including IP address, browser type, access times, URL requested and referral URL, interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the P2P Market Place, logs history
To administer and communicate about promotional offers, contests, competitions, giveaways, raffles, events and surveys you choose to participate in. This includes notifying winners, delivering rewards, and analyzing participation for future improvements.
Username, email address, full name and contact details, location, entries, survey answers, subaccount information, wallet address, trading activity, and preferences as necessary for the specific event.
IP address, other technical information through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies (and plug-ins), type of device and browser used to connect. Marketing and engagement data, and custom events and metrics.
Provide you with news and other matters of general interest to you as a Bitfinex customer
Email address
IP address, other technical information through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies (and plug-ins)
You agreed to it
(consent)
Enhance your browsing experience by delivering personalized content, ads, and promotions tailored to your interests and preferences.
Username, email address, full name and contact details, trading data, KYC process steps, transaction data (excluding financial details)
Information about your usage patterns and behaviors when using the Bitfinex Services. Technical information, including the IP address, type of device and browser used to connect. Marketing and engagement data, and custom events and metrics
Meet our legal and regulatory requirements, including checking your identity against money laundering and terrorist financing or answering your requests
Username, email address, full name and contact details, Digital Token Wallet addresses, 2 forms of ID, information about ID (including ID number), the name associated with an account to which you wish to make a withdrawal, gender, date of birth, nationality, name of parents, picture, signature, skype pseudo and call, bank accounts numbers, proof of residence, utility bill, tax statement, service bill, employment status, employer name and address, certificate of incorporation, business registration, article of association, ownership and control structure, directors, authorized signatories, authorized signature list, board minutes, officer and director list, name of UBO, certificate of good standing
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform
Information about your visit, including the dates and times you use the Site, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call the contact phone number provided on our Site
Compliance with a legal requirement
Verifying your identity for authentication purposes and Know-Your-Customer requirements (i.e., automated match between your selfie and your ID picture)
Facial geometries derived from the picture used in official documentation (such as your ID or passport) and  your selfie.
N/A
You agreed to it
(consent)
When we say that we think we can process your Personal Information, it is because we considered we have a legitimate interest (for ourselves or of a third party) to do so; it is in the interest of our organization to conduct and manage our business; this includes conducting analytics to improve and optimize the Site and the services, protecting our interests and enforcing agreements with others, as well as complying with industry self-regulatory requirements. We might have legitimate interest to process Personal Information in other contexts. We ensure that we balance any potential impact on you and your rights before we process your Personal Information on that basis. You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us. Please also consult the section “Your rights” below.
It is important that the Personal Information we collect from you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your Personal Information changes during your relationship with us. You can do so by lodging a customer support ticket. We will endeavor to effect those changes within a reasonable timeframe.
If you do not wish for your Personal Information to be used in the ways described within this Privacy Statement then you should not use the Site or use the services, functions, or features offered from time to time on the Site (“
Services
”). Where we need information from you to offer our Services or meet any of our legal or regulatory requirements, failure to provide such information will mean that you will not get access to the Services.
We do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your Personal Information other than in relation to our use of cookies (please see our cookies policy for more details which can be found at
https://www.bitfinex.com/legal/cookies
), when we send third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message, for providing you with personalized content, and when we process special categories of data in our automated check of your ID for authentication purposes and Know-Your-Customer requirements. From time to time, Bitfinex may share your Personal Information with third parties with your consent.
Aggregated Data.
We may also aggregate personal and other data captured by us so that the data is no longer capable of identifying an individual. Aggregated data may cover patterns of usage or information and data that you provide to us, and we reserve the right to use this aggregated information for the purposes of improving and enhancing our Services, generating insights, for use in marketing to other users and current and potential partners and otherwise for the purposes of our business. Provided that such aggregated data does not directly or indirectly identify you as an individual, this data is not considered to be Personal Information and is not covered by this Privacy Statement.
Security and Confidentiality.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Internally, only people with a business need to know Personal Information, or whose duties reasonably require access to it, are granted access to customers' Personal Information. Such individuals will only process your Personal Information on our instructions and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We audit our personal compliance regularly.
The Site's systems and data are reviewed periodically to ensure that you are getting a quality service and that leading security features are in place. We have put in place procedures to deal with any actual or suspected data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
We take all reasonable endeavors to protect and safeguard Personal Information. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. While we do our utmost to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us over email or through the Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your Personal Information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access, but there are protective measures you should take, as well. Do not share your Personal Information with others unless you clearly understand the purpose of their request for it and you know with whom you are dealing. Do not keep sensitive Personal Information in your e-mail inbox or on Webmail. If you are asked to assign passwords to connect you to your Personal Information, you should use a secure password and always use two-factor authentication (2FA), where available. You should change your password regularly.
What and with whom we share your Personal Information
Sharing with third parties.
As necessary, we will share your Personal Information:
With any member of our group, including any of our Associates or Affiliates or any of their representatives.
With our service providers, to the extent necessary to supply the Services to you.
With selected third parties, including analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of the Services.
With third-Party Services integrated with our Site.
With authorities and law enforcement agencies worldwide either when ordered to do so or on a voluntary basis if this appears reasonable and necessary to us (please refer to our Law Enforcement Requests Policy available here:
https://www.bitfinex.com/legal/general/law-enforcement-requests-policy
).
If Bitfinex or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Information held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our clients, or others, including to defend ourselves from legal claims.
You can find more information on the actual parties we are sharing your data with
here
. The list is updated regularly.
Bitfinex reserves the right to share current and historical bids, asks, and market prices; opening and closing range prices; high--low prices; trade prices; estimated and actual trade volumes; settlement prices; and other aggregate data and information related to the Digital Tokens or Derivatives Products traded on the Site, including LEO tokens.
Sharing with other customers.
If you are using the P2P Market Place Services we will share your Personal Information with other customers of the P2P Market Place, to the extent necessary to supply the P2P Market Place Services.
We will share the following Personal Information with the customers of the P2P Market Place:
Personal Information you provide when you create or update your P2P Market Place Bio (such as details about yourself, your display name);
Personal Information in your P2P Market Place Bio about you or about your use of the P2P Market Place Services populated by us (such as the amount of time since your account was verified, your verification level, how long you have been using the P2P Market Place Services, number of P2P Market Place Services transactions you have completed or cancelled, average time to confirm a transaction)
If you choose to make a payment in Fiat, your name will be shared with the user receiving that payment; and
Personal Information you provide when posting notices on the electronic bulletin board.
When you are communicating through the electronic chat functionality, we will also share Personal Information you provide with customers of the P2P Market Place involved in that direct communication.
Transfers.
Your Personal Information will be stored in the European Economic Area and Switzerland and may be transferred worldwide.
Personal Information and other data may therefore be exported outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside. Your Personal Information may be processed and stored in a foreign country or countries. Under those circumstances, the governments, courts, law enforcement, or regulatory agencies of that country or those countries may be able to obtain access to your Personal Information through foreign laws. You need to be aware that the privacy standards of those countries may be lower than those of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
EEA customers
. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement. All data you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we transfer our data outside of the EEA, we ensure that adequate safeguards are in place. That includes, where necessary, taking steps to evaluate the risks raised by the transfers in countries that do not offer an adequate level of protection. Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your Personal Information out of the EEA.
Data Retention
We have data retention and deletion policies designed to retain Personal Information for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out herein or as otherwise required to meet legal or business needs. Because of those retention requirements, we might not be able to honor erasure requests.
Your rights.
All customers.
You may access, verify, request the deletion of your Personal Information held by Bitfinex and, where consent is the legal basis for processing of your Personal Information and subject to any legal or contractual restrictions, withdraw your consent, in each case, by a written request to Bitfinex at
privacy@bitfinex.com
. Our electronic marketing communications also contain opt-out mechanism and options to update your contact information or change your preferences at any time. We will do our best to honor your request promptly. For cookies, this is done by setting up the cookie’s preferences. Please visit our Cookies Policy
https://www.bitfinex.com/legal/cookies
.
EEA customers.
You have a number of rights in relation to how we process your Personal Information. You may exercise these rights by contacting us (see details below). These include the right to:
access the Personal Information that we may hold about you;
rectify any inaccurate Personal Information that we may hold about you;
have your Personal Information erased in certain circumstances, for example, where it is no longer necessary for us to process your Personal Information to fulfill our processing purposes; or where you have exercised your right to object to the processing;
restrict the processing of your Personal Information where, for example, the information is inaccurate or it is no longer necessary for us to process such information or where you have exercised your right to object to our processing;
object to the processing of your Personal Information which may be exercised in certain circumstances, for example, where we are processing your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes, or where your own legitimate interests outweigh ours;
have your Personal Information ported to a new service provider if you no longer wish to use the Services. You may exercise these rights by contacting us (see details below);
when we rely on your consent to process Personal Information (special categories of data, cookies and newsletter/marketing communication), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. For cookies, this is done by setting up the cookie’s preferences. Please visit our Cookies Policy
https://www.bitfinex.com/legal/cookies
. For newsletters, you can do so by opting-out using the link provided in the newsletters at any time or by lodging a customer support ticket. For special categories of data, please send a written request to Bitfinex at
privacy@bitfinex.com
. We will do our best to honor your request promptly.
No fee usually required.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Information or to exercise any of your other rights. We may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Any changes we make to our Privacy Statement in the future will be posted on this page and, where material, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Statement.
Contact
Bitfinex's Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) is responsible for overseeing our privacy practices. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or wish to exercise your rights, please contact our DPO at
privacy@bitfinex.com
.
EEA customers only
Should you have any concerns about how we handle your Personal Information, please contact us in the first instance by email at
privacy@bitfinex.com
. You can also contact our EU/UK representative
art-27-rep-bitfinex@rickert.law
or
art-27-rep-bitfinex@rickert-services.uk
. We will do our best to resolve your concern. You can also submit a complaint to the national supervisory authority within your jurisdiction, details of which can be found online.
Appendix -- List of Third-Party Service providers with whom Personal Information may be shared
1
Party Name and
Jurisdiction
Purpose
Data Disclosed
AU10TIX Ltd (Israel). AU10TIX privacy policy is accessible at https://www.au10tix.com/privacy-notice/.
Performing automated onboarding, authentication and KYC initiation.
Name, user name, email, location, physical address, gender, a copy of a government-issued identification card or passport and information contained therein, date of birth, nationality, names of parents, photo, place and date of issuance. Metadata derived from electronic communications (Device ID, Customer ID, OS Version, device Model, application bundle ID, location data).
AIRFILL PREPAID AB, trading as
        Bitrefill (Sweden)
        Bitrefill’s privacy policy is accessible at https://www.bitrefill.com/privacy
If you request to use the Bitrefill Third-Party Service to purchase gift
        cards on the Site.
Your email address, your language preferences, the country from which we
        have detected that you are accessing our website and other relevant
        information about you or your preferences in order to facilitate your
        use of the Bitrefill Third-Party Service.
Amplitude, Inc. Amplitude’s privacy notice is accessible at https://amplitude.com/privacy
If you opt-in marketing cookies when using our website.
Username, email address, full name and contact details, trading data, KYC process steps, transaction data (excluding financial details). Information about your usage patterns and behaviors when using the Bitfinex Services. Technical information, including the IP address, type of device and browser used to connect. Marketing and engagement data, and custom events and metrics.
Chainalysis, Inc. US
        Chainalysis’ privacy policy is accessible at
        https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/
Chainalysis uses public blockchain address to conduct investigations,
        compliance, and risk management checks.
Public blockchain addresses, ID number.
Digital Currency Services B.V trading as happyCOINS (the Netherlands) privacy policy is accessible at https://www.happycoins.com/en/bitcoin/info/privacy
If you request to use the happyCOINS Third-Party Service to purchase Digital Tokens from happyCOINS through the Site.
Customer ID, email address, full name, date of birth, phone number, nationality, address, selfie and a proof of residence plus a copy of the ID you supplied to Bitfinex.
Intuition Machines, Inc. trading as hCaptcha (US)
        hCaptcha’s privacy policy is accessible at https://www.hcaptcha.com/privacy
hCaptcha anti-bot service on the Site, which checks whether data has been
        entered by a human or by an automated program. This analysis is automatic on
        parts of the Site with hCaptcha enabled, and may not be visible to the user.
Various characteristics of user behavior on the Site.
Google LLC trading as reCaptcha (US)
        Google’s privacy policy is accessible at
        https://cloud.google.com/security/products/recaptcha
reCaptcha anti-bot service on the Site, which checks whether data has been entered by a human or by an automated program. This analysis is automatic on parts of the Site with reCaptcha enabled, and may not be visible to the user.
Various characteristics of user behavior on the Site.
MoEngage India Private Limited. MoEngage’s privacy policy is accessible at https://www.moengage.com/privacy-policy/
If you subscribe to receive our marketing communications.
Your email address and Bitfinex user ID.
        Information about your usage patterns and behaviors when using the Bitfinex Services.
MoneySwap OÜ trading as Mercuryo (Estonia)
        Mercuryo’s privacy policy is accessible at https://mercuryo.io/privacy/
If you request to use the Mercuryo Third-Party Service to purchase
        Digital Tokens from Mercuryo through the Site.
Your name, email address, date of birth, phone number, nationality, physical
        address, information about the ID you supplied in connection with account verification (including a copy of the ID you supplied to Bitfinex),
        a copy of the selfie you supplied in connection with account verification
        and any other relevant information about you or your preferences in
        order to facilitate your use of the Mercuryo Third-Party Service,
        including completing MoneySwap’s customer verification requirements
        described in their website and assisting MoneySwap with responding to
        requests from its regulators, banking or payment processing partners
        such as by providing MoneySwap with financial information (like bank
        statements) about you.
Notabene, Inc. trading as Notabene (United States of America) Notabene’s privacy policy is accessible at https://notabene.id/privacy-policy
Under the Travel Rule, specific information is sent with transactions exceeding applicable thresholds. Notabene is a Third-Party Service that provides a Travel Rule compliance solution. Notabene makes information sent to it available as required by the Travel Rule, including to a Virtual Asset Service Provider (
VASP
), like an exchange, to whom you send a withdrawal transaction.
Your name, date of birth, physical address, information about the ID you supplied in connection with account verification (including ID number), and details of your transaction including amount, asset, transaction hash, blockchain addresses, identification of the beneficiary VASP, and the name associated with an account to which you wish to make a withdrawal.
OWNR WALLET EUROPE S.R.O. trading as OWNR WALLET (Czech Republic) 
        OWNR WALLET’s privacy policy is accessible at https://ownrwallet.com/privacy/
If you request to use the OWNR WALLET Third-Party Service to purchase
        Digital Tokens from OWNR WALLET through the Site.
Your name, email address, date of birth, phone number, nationality, physical
        address, information about the ID you supplied in connection with account verification (including a copy of the ID you supplied to Bitfinex),
        information about the proof or address you provided in connection with account verification, a copy of the selfie you supplied in connection with account verification and any other relevant information Bitfinex may have
        about you or your preferences in order to facilitate your use of the
        OWNR WALLET Third-Party Service including completing OWNR WALLET’s
        customer verification requirements described in their website and
        assisting OWNR WALLET with responding to requests from its regulators,
        banking or payment processing partners such as by providing OWNR WALLET
        with financial information (like bank statements) about you.
Refinitiv group of companies trading as WorldCheck
        (England and Ireland)
        Refinitiv’s privacy policy is accessible at
        https://www.refinitiv.com/en/products/world-check-kyc-screening/privacy-statement
As part of the verification process, to check your name against
        WorldCheck’s database of politically exposed persons and heightened risk
        individuals and organizations, to help to identify and manage financial,
        regulatory and reputational risks.
Information necessary to conduct the search such as your name and date
        of birth.
Smartpay Servicos Digitais Ltda. (Brazil) trading as SmartPay política de privacidade is accessible at https://smartpay.com.vc/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Politica-de-privacidade-SmartPay-10-08-2023.pdf
If you request to use the SWAPiX Third-Party Service to purchase Digital Tokens from SmartPay through the Site.
Your name, email address, date of birth, phone number, physical address, your registration number in the Cadastro de Pessoas Físicas and any other relevant information Bitfinex may have about you or your preferences in order to facilitate your use of the SWAPiX Third-Party Service including completing SmartPay’s customer verification requirements described in their website and assisting SmartPay with responding to requests from its regulators, banking or payment processing partners such as by providing SmartPay with financial information (like bank statements) about you.
Typeform, S.L. (Spain), whose privacy policy is available at https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt/?_gl=1*1osgren*_gcl_au*MTQxNDUwMDAyMy4xNzM2NTMyODk5&tid=21e98573-6b35-4c2b-9aa5-50a461f0d77f&typeform-source=www.typeform.com
To manage and provide you with  promotional offers, contests, competitions, giveaways, raffles, events and surveys you choose to participate in. This includes notifying winners, delivering rewards, and analyzing participation for future improvements.
Username, email address, full name and contact details, location, entries, survey answers, subaccount information, wallet address, trading activity, and preferences as necessary for the specific event. IP address, other technical information through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies (and plug-ins), type of device and browser used to connect. Marketing and engagement data, and custom events and metrics.
Thalex Digital Trading Platform Ltd., privacy policy is accessible at https://www.thalex.com/privacy-and-cookie-policy.pdf
If you request to use the Thalex Third-Party Service to access Thalex derivatives services through the Site, in order to facilitate your use of the Thalex Third- Party Service including completing Thalex’s customer verification requirements described on their website and assisting Thalex with responding to requests from its regulators, banking or payment processing partners such as by providing Thalex with financial information (like bank statements) about you.
Your name, your physical address, your email address, the source of funds, employment status, date of birth, nationality, gender, information about the ID you supplied in connection with account verification (or updates thereto) including a copy of the ID you supplied to BFXD and the identification number, type, country of issue and expiry date of that ID, and the selfie photograph you supplied BFXD in connection with your Derivative Account verification showing your face and your government issued ID, the proof of address you provided BFXD or that you upload, the estimated trading volume and the purpose of opening the account
When the user is a legal entity: the details of the contact person, including first and last name, phone number, email address and, if available, telegram user ID; the ultimate beneficial owner (UBO) information; proof of address and information about the ID you supplied in connection with account verification (or updates thereto) for the active directors, UBO(s), investment operators or controllers, and the person who opened the account on your behalf; the selfie photograph you supplied to us in connection with account verification (or updates thereto) showing the face and the government issued ID of the person opening the account on your behalf; and other Personal Information included in the documentation provided
Trulioo Information Services, Inc., privacy policy is accessible at  https://www.trulioo.com/privacy
As part of the verification and fraud detection processes, to check your name and physical address against Trulioo's service for verifying physical addresses.
Name, date of birth, phone number and physical address.
Twilio Inc. trading as Sendgrid (US)
        Sendgrid’s privacy policy is accessible at https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
When you use the Site services, to send you two factor authentication
        SMSs or service emails (e.g. when you log in, withdraw, receive a
        deposit, open a new account or sub-account or confirm pop-ups).
Your email addresses, your phone number, your IP address and the content
        of the SMS or service email.
UAB Nuvei (Lithuania), trading as Simplex, privacy policy is
        accessible at https://www.simplex.com/privacy-policy.
If you request to use the Simplex Third-Party Service to purchase Digital Tokens
        from Simplex through the Site,  in order to facilitate your use of the Simplex Third-Party
        Service including completing Simplex’s customer verification requirements described
        on their website and assisting Simplex with responding to requests from its regulators,
        banking or payment processing partners such as by providing Simplex with financial
        information (like bank statements) about you.
Your name, email address, gender, date of birth, phone number, nationality,
        physical address, information about the ID you supplied in connection with account verification (including a copy of the ID you supplied to Bitfinex and
        the identification number, type, country of issue and expiry date of that ID),
        information about the proof or address you provided in connection with account verification and any and other relevant information Bitfinex may have about you or your preferences.
Ultimate.ai (Finland). Ultimate.ai's privacy policy and data processing agreement is accessible at https://www.ultimate.ai/security-privacy and https://www.ultimate.ai/legal/the-ultimate-dpa
If you contact us through the Bitfinex live chat feature.
The chat content.
Zendesk Inc. trading as Zendesk (US)
        Zendesk’s privacy policy is accessible at
        https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
If you contact us through the Bitfinex live chat feature.
The chat content, your IP address and email address.
Footnotes
This list does not include financial institutions such as banks and payment processors to which personal information is transferred for payment purposes in accordance with international financial industry practice.
↩