Privacy Policy
Last update: 10 July 2024
Introduction
GetReminded
TM
Pty Ltd and related bodies corporate (
“GetReminded”, “we”, “our”,
or
“us”
) are committed to respecting the privacy of your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we deal with your personal information that we collect, use, hold, disclose or process.
We have developed and implemented our Privacy Policy to reflect best practice in privacy policies. In doing so, this Privacy Policy meets the requirements of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (as amended) and the 13 Australian Privacy Principles. We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time when we change how we deal with personal information. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on our Platform located at getreminded.com from time to time. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy you must immediately stop using the GetReminded website and product.
In addition to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, there may also be specific and additional privacy and consent provisions that apply to certain collection channels of personal information. Because those specific and additional provisions also relate to your privacy protection, we recommend that you review them wherever they appear. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Privacy Policy and those other specific and additional provisions, the specific and additional provisions will prevail.
Definition of personal information
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we use the term ‘personal information’ to refer to information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, including information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion is true or not; and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not. For example, your full name, date of birth, address, mobile telephone number, and email address are examples of information which may constitute personal information. Personal information may also include information we may collect about your individual preferences.
Problems, Complaints or Queries
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or any problems or complaints about how we have collected, used, stored, handled, disclosed and/or processed your personal information, please contact our privacy officer via one of the following channels:
a. For individuals in Australia:
Mail: C/- Wheeler Accounting & Tax Pty Ltd., Suite 246, 117 Old Pittwater Road, Brookvale NSW 2100 Australia
Email:
gethelp@getreminded.com
b. For individuals in the European Union or any other country: please contact our address above.
Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed. On receipt of your query, problem or complaint a review will be conducted and findings will be communicated to you where required. If you do not receive a satisfactory response to your query, problem or complaint within 30 days, you may refer your query, problem or complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner via the contact details listed at
http://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us
, or, for individuals in the EU, to the data protection supervisory authority in your country.
On what basis do we process your data?
Lawful basis of processing
We will only collect, monitor, use, disclose, or process any personal information about you with your consent (which we endeavour to obtain at the same time as collecting your personal information) or if it is otherwise lawful to do so. The only personal information collected by us is what has been provided to or collected by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will generally deal with your personal information for the primary purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
For individuals in the European Union, we may also rely on the lawful bases of contract and legitimate interest. That is, where you enter into a contract with us, we will process your personal information because it is necessary for the performance of that contract with you. In some circumstances, such as fraud prevention, we may also have a legitimate commercial interest in processing your personal information that is not outweighed by your interests, rights and freedoms. We may also request your explicit consent to process your personal data from time to time for various purposes.
We reserve the right to use or disclose any information, including personal information, as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the rights or property of us, any member of the GetReminded group, or any member of the public, to protect the integrity of a Platform, to fulfil your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety. When and how do we collect personal information?
Collection Channels
We collect and combine personal information in a number of ways through the following channels (each, a Collection Channel):
a. through your use of our online properties (here and after, the Platform), including;
i. our websites, mobile and tablet applications, including but not limited to
getreminded.com
; and
ii. any related GetReminded website, social media page, internal website; and
b. through physical and other ad-hoc channels of collecting personal information in relation to events, activations, or promotions (such as through paper forms or tablets); and
c. any other means through which an individual provides personal information to us, including either physically or electronically.
Please note we do not collect any billing, payment or account information contained in your contracts, policies, plans or other personal documents other than as provided in this Privacy Policy.
Active Information Collection
When you use the Platform, we collect non-personally identifiable information about your current policies and contracts limited to the current provider and the expiry date of the current policy.
Personal information may be collected and combined via our Collection Channels if you:
a. sign-up and/or register to become a member of any Collection Channel, or provide your details to us or our clients via any Collection Channel;
b. subscribe to any newsletters, updates, alerts or news and media releases, or request launch or event information or information about our products or services or other information services as well as third party products or services;
c. have previously provided us with personal information prior to this Privacy Policy coming into effect, either directly from you personally or via a third party;
d. complete and submit any forms or surveys provided to GetReminded, either physically or electronically;
e. conspicuously publish or provide on request your personal information to GetReminded;
f. contact us or our clients directly in person or via any medium including mail, telephone, social media and commercial electronic messages (SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Message Service), IM (Instant Messaging) and email including via the contact details listed on a Platform;
g. participate in any events, offers, promotions, competitions or marketing activities of us, or our clients or service providers;
h. interact with a Platform for a specific purpose; or
i. interact with or browse a Platform generally.
We may also collect your information through other legitimate third party sources including social media organisations, and other data providers or organisations that share data in circumstances where it is lawful and/or you have given permission for them to do so.
We may collect personal information from you in a passive manner including through the use of cookies and other tracking tools such as internet tags, tracking pixels, web beacons and unique device identifiers. For further information about the use of passive personal information collection, see paragraph 36 below.
What kinds of personal information do we collect?
We may collect personal information including:
a. your full name, contact details (such as your email address) and location (postcode);
b. feedback and experiences with our products or services or the products;
c. enquiry and complaint details;
d. information about your experience with GetReminded products or services or third party products or services. This information is requested in order to tailor our subsequent communications to you and continuously improve our products and services;
f. the information you input into the Platform to enable us to perform our services to you primarily to provide you with reminders leading up to the expiry of any reminder you have set using our platform.
g. When you visit a Platform, we may also collect personal information about you in the following general categories:
i. usage and preference information: we collect information about how you interact with the GetReminded website or Platform, including the pages you visit, your preferences and settings that you choose. We may do this through the use of cookies and other similar technologies that uniquely identify you;
ii. device information: we may collect information about your mobile device such as the hardware model, operating system, preferred language, unique device identifier and mobile network; and
iii. other information: we may also collect and log information such as your IP address, access dates and times, browser type and pages visited when you interact with the website.
h. any other personal information you provide directly to us. Where you provide us with unsolicited personal information, we will retain this information where it falls within our primary purposes for collection of personal information (as stated in this Privacy Policy); and
i. any other personal information requested or required by a Collection Channel.
Sensitive Information
We do not seek to collect sensitive information (or “special categories” of information under the GDPR).
If we do collect sensitive information, we will only do so with your consent and where you provide it to us directly. Where you provide us with any sensitive information, we will only use this information for the purposes stated at the time of collection and will never share this information with third parties.
Consequences of not providing personal information
No one is obliged to provide personal information. However, failure to do so may result in us or our advertisers being unable to provide you with our or our advertiser’s information, upcoming opportunity, promotion, event or product information, and other content, including where requested by you.
For what purposes do we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information?
Personal information that we collect will only be used for the following primary purposes.
Providing services to you
a. To fulfil our obligations in respect of providing services under our Terms of Service;
Managing relationships
b. to ensure that your personal information remains up-to-date and complete;
c. to contact you, including sending you any technical, administrative or legal notices relevant to us, our partners or our Platform;
Special offers, marketing and advertising
d. to provide you with access to special offers, newsletters, events, promotions and activations of GetReminded or our trusted partners;
e. to otherwise promote to you via any medium including mail, telephone, commercial electronic messages (such as SMS, MMS, instant messaging, email, social media, mobile applications), or any other form of electronic, digital or conventional communications channel;
f. to provide you with relevant and targeted advertising, including when you browse third-party websites;
Our Platform
g. to maintain the functionality of the Platform, including customising the Platform based on your preferences; providing information to you relating to the content available on the Platform; to improve the Platform and system administration;
Improving offerings to you and research.
h. to better understand and meet your needs and interests, to enable us to improve the nature of the goods and services we provide, to more accurately market our goods and services, and to research our customers;
i. to obtain opinions or comments about products and/or services and to conduct other research and development;
j. to record and analyse statistical and de-identified data for analysis including marketing analysis;
k. to conduct market research including identifying like-minded individuals including through third-party vendors such as Facebook or other social media websites;
Miscellaneous
l. to share personal information with our group companies and their related bodies corporate and agents, and other trusted third parties in the manner described in this Privacy Policy;
m. for any further purposes stated in a particular Collection Channel;
n. to undertake recruitment for us (if applicable);
o. any other purpose as may be deemed reasonably necessary by us in the circumstances;
p. as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request; to protect the rights or property GetReminded, GetReminded’s partners’, or any member of the public; to protect the integrity of Platforms; to fulfill your requests; or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
Contact by GetReminded
GetReminded may contact you through our Group of companies (and their directors, servants and agents), promotional partners or trusted and selected third-party platforms via telephone, SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service), IM (Instant Messaging), email, post or any other form of electronic, emerging, digital or conventional communications channel using the information provided solely for the purposes of providing services on our behalf in accordance with clause 20. All our third-party providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow them to use your personal information for their own purposes.
GetReminded does not send advertising or marketing information without obtaining prior consent, for example, consent provided by you when you accept this Privacy Policy. If you receive communications from us that you do not wish to receive, you may remove your name from the database either by using the functional unsubscribe facility (if the communication is via commercial electronic message) or by contacting our Privacy Officer as described above. Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed.
How do we share your personal information?
We do not share your personal information with anyone other than as specified in this Privacy Policy. Solely for the purposes described above, personal information may be shared with the entities below, including their directors, servants and agents: technical service providers such as email platforms, internet hosting providers and other trusted service providers.
These recipients may be engaged by us to perform a variety of functions, such as legal and accounting services, data storage, support services, market research, communications and promotions and providing technical services for our websites or Platform. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions.
Some of the recipients of your personal information may be located overseas. GetReminded employees, data processors and other trusted third parties are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by GetReminded. However, security of communications over the Internet cannot be guaranteed, and therefore absolute assurance that information will be secure at all times cannot be given. We will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to personal information except to the extent required by the relevant privacy laws.
The recipients of your personal information may be located in Australia or overseas. The recipients overseas may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries or the recipient is overseas, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice.
For individuals in the EU, please note that the recipients of your personal information may be located in countries in which the privacy or data protection laws differ from those of the European Union, and which are not the subject of an adequacy decision by the European Commission. For recipients of your personal information in Australia, appropriate or suitable safeguards over your personal data will be put in place, including through the standard data protection contract clauses approved by the European Commission. Please contact our Privacy Officer for more information.
How do we hold, and how long do we hold your personal information?
Security
We take appropriate security measures to keep personal information secure and to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, misuse, interference or loss of personal information. GetReminded, its employees and its subcontractors are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us.
We also take reasonable steps to keep personal information accurate, up to date, complete and relevant. We take reasonable steps to ensure only those necessary have access to your personal information. Personal information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. This service may be performed on our behalf and data may be hosted by our selected data storage providers. In some cases, these facilities may be overseas. We retain your information only for as long as necessary for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy. We will inform you about serious data breaches in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Your privacy rights
You have a number of rights under the Australian Privacy Law and the European GDPR. These include: (Access) to request access to your personal information, in a commonly used electronic format; (Correction) to request that we correct your personal information; (Withdrawing Consent) to withdraw your consent for us to use your personal information; and (Complaint) to complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles.
a. You can delete your GetReminded account by going to the Settings tab in the mobile app and tapping the ‘DELETE ACCOUNT’ link at the bottom of the screen.  This step will permanently delete all data linked to your account. To confirm an account deletion, contact us on the email address displayed at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.
b. You can also opt-out of all marketing communications at any time by using the unsubscribe feature in each electronic commercial message.
If you are an individual in the EU, you have additional rights under the GDPR that you can exercise against the “controller” of your data. Where we are the controller of your data, your rights include:
a. to request that we transfer your personal information to another service provider of your choosing;
b. to request that we erase your personal data. All reasonable steps to delete the information will be made, except where it is required for legal reasons. Deletion of information may result in us being unable to facilitate or provide you with information about certain services (including the uploading, access to, and receipt of content on a website or the GetReminded Platform, and purchase transactions undertaken on a website);
c. (objection and restriction) in some circumstances, to object to the use of your personal data by us and request that we restrict our use of your personal information; and
d. (complaint) to lodge a complaint in relation to our processing of your personal data with a data protection supervisory authority under the GDPR.
To exercise these rights, contact us using the email address listed at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Please allow for a reasonable amount of time for us to process your request, which will generally be up to 30 days.
Miscellaneous
Anonymity and Pseudonymity
Where practicable, we will allow you to deal with us on an anonymous or pseudonymous basis. If this is practicable, our collection channels will only seek information in this way. However, where it is not practicable for the purposes for which information is collected, we will seek the personal information identified above. It will not be practicable to deal with you on an anonymous or pseudonymous basis when we wish to send you direct marketing materials or need to provide you with goods or services requested by you.
Sale of the company
If GetReminded merges with, or is acquired by, another company, or sells all or a portion of its assets, your personal information may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s adviser, and may be among the assets transferred. However, personal information will always remain subject to this Privacy Policy.
Children
Personal information will not be collected from any person who is known by GetReminded to be under the age of sixteen (16) without the consent of a parent or legal guardian or as has been provided to us lawfully by third parties, including our clients. Persons under age sixteen (16) may only use our Platforms with the involvement and consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Passive Information Collection
As with many commercial websites (and mobile and tablet applications), we may also collect information which tells us about visitors to our websites / Platform. For example, we may collect information about the date, time and duration of visits and which pages of a Platform are most commonly accessed. This information is generally not linked to the identity of visitors, except where a Platform is accessed via links in an email we have sent or where we are able to uniquely identify the device or user accessing a website. By accessing a Platform via links in an email we have sent and/or by accessing a Platform generally including when you are logged into an account, you consent to the collection of such information where it is personal information.
As you navigate through our websites, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies, such as Unique Device Identifiers (UDI), cookies, Internet tags or web beacons, and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, clickstream). In certain circumstances, this information may be considered anonymous information or personal information under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the GDPR, dependent on the device used and the method by which an individual connects to the Internet. You may set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or to refuse cookies altogether, but certain features of a website might not work without cookies and this may limit the services provided by a website. Cookies and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorised by us to collect information on our behalf.
For more information about cookies and how you can opt-out, you can visit
www.youronlinechoices.com.au
.
GetReminded and other websites
Our Platform may, from time to time, contain links to the websites of other organisations which may be of interest to you. Their inclusion cannot be taken to imply any endorsement or validation by us of the content of the third party website. Linked websites are responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites for their respective privacy statements. We are not responsible, nor does it accept any liability, for the conduct of companies linked to our Platform.
We may use third party advertisements on our Platform. All third party advertising, if paid for, is paid for by the relevant third party advertisers and are not recommendations or endorsements by us or any of its affiliates. GetReminded is not responsible for the content (including representations) of any third party advertisement on a website. Cookies may be associated with these advertisements to enable the advertiser to track the number of anonymous users responding to the campaign. We do not have access to or control of cookies placed by third parties.
User submissions
We may provide areas on a Platform where you can upload user-generated content, post or provide information about yourself, communicate with other users, provide reviews for content, products and/or services or interact with or vote on particular content. This information may be shared with others and may be publicly posted on our Platforms, including without limitation, other social media platforms and other public forums in which you choose to participate. This information may become publicly available and may be read, collected and used by others outside of our Platforms. We are not responsible for the conduct of others who may read, collect and use this information.