There are many ways you can use our services – to search for and act upon information, to understand and manage your information technology assets, to change and affect your assets. When you share information with us, for example by creating an Account, we can make those services even better.
As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can
protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.
We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible. Your privacy matters, so whether you are a new or long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions consult this page.
Information we collect
We collect information to provide better services to all our users. We collect the information in two ways:
Information you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for an Account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, or telephone number.
Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them. This information includes:
Device information: We collect device-specific information (such as hardware model, operating system version,
unique device identifiers, and information related to both hardware and software information technology assets).
Log information: When you use our services or view content provided, we automatically collect and store certain
information in server logs. This includes:
Details of how you used our service
Internet protocol address.
Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
Cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Account.
Location information: When you use the services, we may collect and process information about the actual locations of assets. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
Unique application numbers: Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent when the service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage: We may collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers: We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device.
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect our organization and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant results and reports.
We may use the name you provide for your Profile across all of the services we offer that require an Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services.
When you contact us, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
We process personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information
on a server located outside the country where you live.
Transparency and choice
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
For example, you can:
Visit your Account and change your information.
Review and control certain types of information tied to your Account.
You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Information you share
Many of our services let you share information or access to information with others by granting them access through their Account.
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we must keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
Information we share
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of our organization
unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent: We will share personal information with companies, organizations
or individuals outside of our organization when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
View statistics regarding your account, like statistics regarding applications you install.
Change your account password.
Suspend or terminate your account access.
Access or retain information stored as part of your account.
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings.
For legal reasons: We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of organization if we have
a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our organization, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information, stripped of identifiers such as device identifiers (MAIDs), publicly and with our partners. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If our organization is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information security
We work hard to protect our organization and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold.
In particular:
We encrypt our services using SSL.
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures,
to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to personal information to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that
information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
When this Privacy Policy applies
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services we offer.
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy, and we want to assure our California users that our products and services fully comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This legislation grants California residents certain rights regarding their personal information. As a user of our app, you have the right to know what personal information we collect, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared. You also have the right to request the deletion of your personal information and opt-out of the sale of your data. We are dedicated to transparency and accountability, and we have implemented measures to ensure your CCPA rights are respected.
Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes).