TipTop Fish Privacy Policy
TipTop Fish company ("TipTop", "TipTop Fish", "we" or "us" or "company") respects your data privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use the TipTop Fish Service including the TipTop Fish website, TipTop Fish applications (including mobile applications), email notifications, and advertisements (collectively, the "Service"), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
1. Service use conditions
1.1
By providing the Service to you, we act reasonably and in good faith and assume that the user:
Has any and all rights required to enable him/her to register on and use the Service;
Provides reliable information about him/her to the extent required to use the Service;
Realizes that the information posted by the user about him/her may become available to other Service users and Internet users, copied, and distributed  by such users;
Realizes that some types of information provided by him/her to other users may not be deleted by the user;
Have read and understood this Policy, agrees to it, and assumes all rights and responsibilities as stated herein.
1.2. Children under the age of 13 and 16
Our Service is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Service.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at legal@tiptop.fish.
If you are between 13 and 16 years of age, you must also have your legal guardian review and approve this Policy. If you do not meet this requirement, you must not access or use the Service.
1.3. Reliability of the information collected
TipTop Fish does not verify the reliability of user information received/collected except when such verification is required to enable TipTop Fish discharging its obligations to such user.
2. What kinds of information do we collect?
2.1. Things you do and information you provide
We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Service, including when you sign up for an account, create or share, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide, such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. We also collect information about how you use our Service, such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities.
2.2. Things others do and information they provide
We also collect content and information that other people provide when they use our Service, including information about you, such as when they send a message to you, or like your photos.
2.3. Your networks and connections
We collect information about the people and groups you are connected to and how you interact with them, such as the people you communicate with the most or the groups you like to share with. We also collect contact information you provide if you upload, sync or import this information (such as an address book) from a device.
2.4. Device information
We collect information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices where you install or access our Service, depending on the permissions you have granted. We may associate the information we collect from your different devices, which helps us provide consistent Service across your devices.
3. How do we use this information?
We are passionate about creating engaging and customized experiences for people. We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support our Service. Here’s how:
3.1. Provide, improve and develop the Service
We are able to deliver our Service, personalize content for you by using this information to understand how you use and interact with our Service and the people you are connected to and interested in on our Service.
When we have location information, we use it to tailor our Service for you and others.
We conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve products and services, develop new products or features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.
We may also use your information for statistical and marketing purposes.
3.2. Communicate with you
We use your information to send you marketing communications, to communicate with you about our Service and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
4. How is this information shared?
We may share your personal information with third parties, such as other companies within the same group, companies that we cooperate with and subcontractors, for the purposes described in this Policy or in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets. To comply with regulations, laws or any authority requests, we may disclose your information to authorities or other officials, without your prior consent.
You acknowledge and agree that our partners and/or companies that we cooperate with may contact you in relation to, amongst other things, related goods and services that you may be interested in.
4.1. Receiving information regarding your personal data
You are, upon making a written request, free of charge once per annum, entitled to receive information regarding your personal data that is being processed by us. If data is being processed regarding you, we will inform you what information is being processed, where the data has been collected from, for what purpose the data is being processed, and which entities the data have been shared with. We will also, upon your request, rectify, block or erase data that has not been processed in accordance with the applicable legislation. Please contact us on the following address:
legal@tiptop.fish
.
5. Security
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. However, we cannot be held liable for any loss of or disclosure of data or any losses or damages incurred due to errors in transmission or unauthorized or unlawful acts of third parties or your decision to disclose your personal information.
6. Cookies
By using the Service, you agree to our use of cookies on the Service.
Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. The following cookies are used at
tiptop.fish
:
plng - we use it to store your language selection to display our website in your preferred language
We also use Google Analytics to collect visitor statistics on the website. Several cookies are created by Google and described in further detail here:
developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
You can choose not to store cookies by turning acceptance of cookies off in the settings of your web browser used to access the Service and you can also delete cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of the Service. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking "help" on your browser's menu or by visiting
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
7. Policy limitation
This Policy does not apply to acts and Internet resources of any third parties.
8. Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we make changes to this Policy, TipTop Fish will notify users about it by posting the last updated version at our permanent URL
https://tiptop.fish/privacy
. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Service thereafter.
9. Contact information
To ask questions about or comment this Policy and our privacy practices, please contact us at
legal@tiptop.fish
.
Date of Last Revision: May 1, 2018
TipTop
Forecast
Support
About
Privacy
Terms
Русский
English