Featured member
INYAMI
@inyami4
Follow
All connections
CREATE LIST
+ Create media
Download BeatStars App
Take your beats on the go! Download BeatStars App
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 3, 2024
BeatStars Inc. and BeatStars Music Publishing LLC (collectively referred to hereinafter as "BeatStars", "us", "we", or "our") is committed to protecting Your (the term “You” or “Your” shall also apply to You whether You are acting in Your individual capacity or as the authorized representative for an artist, band, group, or corporation, in which case “You” or “Your” shall refer to the artist, band, group, or corporation on whose behalf You are acting and authorized to act.) privacy online. We are also committed to providing You with the very best experience we can on our website at BeatStars.com, BeatStars.world, and BeatStars mobile (our “Sites”) and all related sites and other web-based services that enable website visitor access on our behalf, including players, widgets, tools and other services provided by BeatStars (collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy explains the types of Personal Data we collect from website visitors and other people with whom we communicate and interact in the course of providing the Services. This Privacy Policy also describes how we use Your Personal Data, the purpose for sharing it, and the recipients of Personal Data along with Your rights and choices associated with that data.
By using BeatStars, You are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains the following:
Definitions
Roles
Collection of Personal Data
Use of Personal Data
BeatStars’s Purpose and Legal Bases for Collection of Biometric Data
Sharing of Personal Data (Not Including Biometric Data)
Sharing Biometric Data
Security and Retention
Data Storage of Biometric Data
Disclosure and Authorization of Biometric Data
Transfer of Data
Your Rights and Choices
Notice for California Residents
Cookie Policy and Interest-based Advertising
Links to Other Websites
Jurisdictional Data Protection
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Please see our
Cookie Policy
for information relating to our use of cookies and similar tracking technologies. If You are a California resident, You can learn about Your additional consumer privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act by reviewing our
Privacy Policy for California Residents
. California-based users can opt out of performance, targeting, and social media cookies and SDKs by selecting the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in their cookie or SDK settings. Virginia-based users can opt out of performance, targeting, and social media cookies and SDKs by selecting the “Opt out of sale of personal data and Targeted Advertising” link in their cookie or SDK settings.
If You are a customer with a visual impairment or other disability, or a customer who seeks support in another language, You may access the BeatStars Privacy Policy by emailing
privacy@beatstars.com
.
This Privacy Policy applies to any Site and Service that links to this Privacy Policy. This Policy does not apply to third-party websites, products, or services, even if they link to our Site or Services. We recommend You review the privacy practices of those third parties before connecting Your BeatStars account or sharing any personal data. We also encourage You to read this Privacy Policy, along with our
Terms of Service
, to understand how Your personal data will be treated as You make full use of our Services. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
By using the Services, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We ask that You do not use the Services if You do not agree to any of the provisions in this Privacy Policy. You may also email us at
privacy@beatstars.com
should You have any further questions or require additional information after reading this document.
Definitions
Personal Data
“Personal Data” means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Processing
“Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Profiling
“Profiling” means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movements.
Usage Data
“Usage Data” is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Services or from the Services infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
“Cookies” are text files placed on Your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information.
Data Controller
“Data Controller” means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body which alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, BeatStars is a Data Controller of Your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
“Data Processor (or Service Provider)“ means the natural or legal person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process Your data more effectively.
Data Subject
“Data Subject“ is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The “User“ is the individual using our Services. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Consent
“Consent” of the Data Subject means any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies.
Biometric Data
“Biometric Data” means Personal Data resulting from specific technical processing relating to the physical, physiological or behavioral characteristics of a natural person, which allow or confirm the unique identification of that natural person, such as facial images or dactyloscopic data.
Roles
Data Controller
A Data Controller is the legal entity that determines the means and the purposes of any processing activities that it carries out. BeatStars is the Data Controller of Your Biometric Data.
Data Processor
A Data Processor is the legal entity that carries out the processing activities on behalf of the Data Controller. Veriff OÜ’s is the Data Processor of Your Biometric Data.
Data Protection Officer
BeatStars has appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) in connection with this Global Biometric Privacy Notice. The DPO ensures that BeatStars remains compliant with the GDPR and the UK GDPR and any other applicable Data Privacy Laws. The DPO is available to respond to Your questions and concerns regarding the processing of Your Biometric Data as well as to assist with any other privacy related inquiries. To contact our DPO please email
dpo@beatstars.com
.
Data Protection Representative
BeatStars has appointed Data Protection Representatives (“DPR”) in connection with this Privacy Policy. The DPRs ensure that BeatStars remains compliant with the GDPR and the UK GDPR and any other applicable Data Privacy Laws. If You reside in the European Union, You may contact our DPR via the following:
Mail:	BeatStars Europe B.V.
Strawinskylaan 411
(WTC, Tower A, 4th Floor)
1077 XX, Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Email:
dpo@beatstars.com
If You reside in the UK, You may contact our DPR via the following:
Mail: DPO Consultancy Limited
1 Lyric Square, London, W6 0NB
Email:
ukdpr.beatstars@dpoconsultancy.co.uk
Collection of Personal Data
We collect several different types of Personal Data, including Biometric Data, for various purposes to provide and improve our Services to You. Any personal data that is collected through the processing of an individual’s physical, physiological, or behavioral characteristics, which allow or confirm the unique identification of that specific individual is considered Biometric Data. We process this information pursuant to our legitimate interest in providing You the Services and the best user experience on our Sites, including our identity verification system, as well as where necessary to perform any contract between You and us.
Other than the online contact information required to obtain parental consent, we do not knowingly collect or sell any Personal Information from Users under the age of 13. If You are a User under the age of 13, please do not send any Personal Information to us. If we learn we have collected Personal Information from a User under the age of 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If You believe that a User under the age of 13 may have provided us Personal Information in violation of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@beatstars.com
.
Personal Data we collect will be apparent by the context of the page, and may include, but is not limited to the following:
General Category of Information
Specific Categories of Data
Account information
Your first and last name, email address, telephone number and Your password;
Your payment and financial information such as Your PayPal email address or billing address
Public Profile information
Information to Your profile on BeatStars, which may be made public, including Your username, the city or country You live in, profile photo, links to Your music recordings and social media profiles.
Identification, Contact and Basic Biographical Information
Personal information such as name, sex, personal identification code, BSN number, date of birth, estimated age, legal capacity, nationality, citizenship, organ donor status, eye color, weight and height, as well as the historic data that may have been stored during previous interactions within the retention periods;
Identity verification data, such as photographs taken from You and Your document, and video and sound recording of the verification process;
Contact details, such as address, e-mail address, telephone numbers, IP address and, if relevant, presented document type (e.g. utility bill);
Personal information provided by You, e.g. data from communications with us, feedback data
Document Details
Document details, such as the name of the document, issuing country, number, expiration date, information embedded to document barcodes (may vary depending on the document) and security features
Technical Data
Technical data (Device Signature), including but not limited to information about the date, time and Your activity, Your IP address and domain name, Your software and hardware attributes as well as Your general geographic location (e.g. city, state, country);
Machine-readable data, metadata and device and network information
Biometric Data
Photos and videos as well as data, such as face scans and other measurements, extracted from the same which are used to authenticate You or compare Your face to identity document photos - some of this extracted data may be considered Biometric Data and/or sensitive Personal Data (also special category of personal data, hereinafter referred to as “Sensitive Personal Data and/or Special Categories of Personal Data”) in certain jurisdictions
Publicly Available Data
Publicly available relevant data and data from external registries, e.g. information about being a politically exposed person (PEP), checks in public sanction lists and other information from such registries
Compliance Data
Evidence and records of legal basis (including consents), for example in cases where we are required or have elected to obtain a consent or a written release or another legal basis prior to processing certain Personal Data
Financial and/or Transactional Data
Bank account,
Payment card details,
Virtual currency accounts,
Stored value accounts,
Amounts associated with accounts,
External account details,
Source of funds and related documentation.
Details about payments to and from You,
Other details of any transactions You enter into using the Services, Site or App
Communications
When You communicate with us or other Users through the Sites and Services or otherwise communicate with us by email, we collect information about the communication and any other information You provide in Your response.
In addition to the uses described below, we may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Profile Data
Your username and password,
Your identification number as our user,
information on whether You have BeatStars account and the email associated with Your accounts,
requests by You for products or services,
Your interests, preferences and feedback,
other information generated by You when You communicate with us, for example when You address a request to our customer support.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Services or when You access the Services by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as:
Your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Information such as the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about Your location if You give us permission to do so ("Location Data"). We use this data to provide features of our Services, to improve and customize our Services.
You can enable or disable location services when You use our Services at any time, through Your device settings.
Tracking Cookies Data
When You visit our websites, we may collect information from You automatically, such as the activity on our Services, through cookies or similar tracking technologies.
Cookies are sent to Your browser from a website and stored on Your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Services. We may also allow our business partners to use cookies and similar tracking technologies on the Services or work with third parties to track Your behavior on our behalf.
You can instruct Your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept cookies, You may not be able to use some portions of our Services. Please review our
Cookie Policy
for information relating to our use of cookies and similar tracking technologies.
Sensitive Personal Information
When You visit our websites and applications, we may collect sensitive Personal Information, such as Social Security number, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number, Account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, Precise geolocation, or Biometric information processed to uniquely identify an individual.
BeatStars Widget
When You visit a website that has integrated a BeatStars Widget, we may receive certain information about You, such as the website You visited.
The website containing the widget may also receive this information about You. The widget may be used to stream music and purchase music licenses.
Service Providers
We may receive Personal Data about You from our Service Providers and business partners, such as those that conduct payment processing, analytics, advertising, hosting, marketing, customer and technical support, and other services. Please review the remainder of this Privacy Policy to learn more about how and why we use this information.
Information from third-party sources
We may collect Personal Data from third-party sources, including things that other third parties may post publicly about You or otherwise provide to us.
If You register for a BeatStars account through a third-party application, we may collect certain information about You. For example, if You register using Your Facebook account, Facebook will, with Your consent, share Your Facebook user ID, first and last name, email address and other profile information. Facebook collects this information pursuant to the
Facebook Privacy Policy
.
To control the information that we receive from Facebook, please update Your privacy settings in Your Facebook account.
If You register for an account using Your Google account, Google will, with Your consent, share certain profile information with us. To control the information that we receive from Google, You can update Your privacy settings in the Google activity controls page.
Use of Personal Data
Our primary goal in collecting Personal Information is to provide You, the user, with a customized experience on our website. We use the collected data for various purposes including:
To provide and maintain our Sites and Services, including to take steps to enter into a contract for sale or services, bill You for services and process payments and fulfill transactions;
To enable and allow You to participate in interactive features of our Sites and Services and provide You with a personalized service, content and ads;
To create custom audiences on social media sites;
To provide You with better products and services and improve and grow our business, including to perform research and development, understand our customer base and purchasing trends and understand the effectiveness of our marketing;
To operate and maintain safe, secure and reliable Sites and Services;
To provide customer support, including to contact You in response to an inquiry that You sent, and send administrative messages, technical notices, updates, alerts and other information;
To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we, and/or our sellers offer that are similar to those that You have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information;
To track the progress and number of entries in our promotions and contests;
To contact You on behalf of certain artists or other third parties and recommend artists to our business partners for music, publishing engagements, and other opportunities;
To perform accounting, audits and other internal functions; and
To comply with a request or order from courts, law enforcement or other government authorities.
BeatStars may also use Personal Information for other business purposes, including the following: (i) perform accounting, audits and other internal functions; (ii) compliance with our legal obligations or to assert or defend a legal claim; (iii) general business administration; (iii) processing employment applications; and (iv) systems and data security.
In addition, if we feel that a user abuses the BeatStars.com site in any way, we reserve the right to use and share certain information with third parties. Abuses include (but are not limited to) possible copyright infringement, possible libel and slander, and possible fraudulent or illegal activity.
We use Sensitive Personal Information to Perform services for our business, provide goods or services as requested by individuals, and ensure security and integrity, process and fulfill orders, maintain and service accounts, provide customer service, verify customer information, and to process payments and to perform activities relating to quality and safety control or product improvement.
BeatStars’s Purpose and Legal Bases for Collection of Biometric Data
BeatStars, its vendors, and/or licensors of BeatStars’s identify verification software collect, store, and use Your Biometric Data solely for customer identification, fraud prevention, and platform security purposes.
Your consent, as it is defined in the Definitions section above, to the collection and processing of Your Biometric Data under this Privacy Policy provides the legal basis for our ability to do so. After You review this Privacy Policy, You will have the opportunity to consent to the collection and processing of Your Biometric Data. If You do not consent to the collection of Your Biometric Data, then an alternate method will be provided to You to verify Your identity in connection with the purpose stated in the preceding paragraph. To obtain this alternate method of identity verification, please reach out to
privacy@beatstars.com
.
As it relates to the GDPR and the UK GDPR, and for purposes of this Privacy Notice:
Most of the processing of Your Biometric Data is performed under GDPR Art. 6(1)(a), on the basis of consent to process Your Biometric Data (e.g. processing of Your information for security purposes as preparation for entering into an publishing contract with You, or enabling BeatStars to pay out funds that belong to You). In limited cases, not covered by the legal bases above, BeatStars may process Your Biometric Data under GDPR Art. 6(1) pursuant to the following legal bases:
GDPR Art. 6(1)(b), which permits processing that is necessary for the performance of a contract You have with us or in order to take steps at Your request prior to entering into a contract with us;
GDPR Art. 6(1)(c), which permits processing that is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which BeatStars is subject to;
GDPR Art. 6(1)(d), which permits processing that is necessary in order to protect Your, or another person’s, vital interests; or
GDPR Art. 6(1)(f), which permits processing that is necessary for the purposes of BeatStars, or a third party’s, legitimate interests pursued, except where such interests are overridden by Your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, in particular where You are a child.
Sharing of Personal Data (Not Including Biometric Data)
BeatStars does not rent, or trade Your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties. We share Your Personal Data with the entities listed below.
Business Partners
When one or more of our business partners co-sponsor a service, promotion and/or contest, we may share some or all of the information collected in connection with such service, promotion or contest with the co-sponsor(s). If You do not want Your information to be shared, You will be able to choose not to allow the transfer by not using or signing up for that particular service, promotion or contest.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services ("Service Providers"), to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. For example, when You make a purchase through our online store, or sign up to receive promotional items from us, we may share some of Your Personal Information with third parties helping us to complete Your transaction or send You the items You signed up to receive. When we share Your information with such third parties, we will work to ensure that only the information necessary to complete Your transaction is disclosed. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third parties. These third parties have access to Your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Public Profile
Any information in Your profile will be accessible by other Users of the Sites and Services. If You listen to any music recordings uploaded by another User, the fact that You have listened to those recordings will be shared with that User. Similarly, if You comment on a user’s profile, all Users will be able to see Your comment.
Social Media
If You share our content through social media, for example by liking us on Facebook, following or tweeting about us on Twitter, or giving us a '+1' via Google Plus, those social networks will record that You have done so and may set a cookie for this purpose.
In some cases, where a page on our website includes content from a social network, such as a Twitter feed, or Facebook comments box, those services may set a cookie even where You do not click a button. As is the case for all cookies, we cannot access those set by social networks, just as those social networks cannot access cookies we set ourselves.
Third Party Platform Advertising
We may share Your information with third party platform providers who assist us in serving advertising regarding the Services to others who may be interested in the Services. We also partner with third parties (such as Facebook, Google and Twitter) who use cookies and similar tracking technologies to serve targeted advertising/content to You via the relevant third-party platform based on Your profile/interests (also known as “interest-based advertising”). Your information is used by the third-party platform provider to identify Your account and serve advertisements to You. While we will not share information that identifies You by name with unaffiliated third parties for their own use, such third parties may be able to identify You with sufficient data from other sources. You can control what advertisements You receive via the privacy settings on the relevant provider's platform and You should consult the third party's help/support center for more information. In the preceding 12 months, we shared the following types of Personal Data with outside companies for cross-context behavioral advertising: Personal Identifiers, Personal Information, Purchase Information, Internet or Online Information, Geolocation Data, Inferences.
Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel
Our website utilizes the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook. This tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected to a provider's website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are thus able to record the efficiency of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remain anonymous and we cannot see the personal data of any individual user, however the collected data is saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook is able to connect this data, such as pages visited and videos watched, with Your Facebook account and the data is used for their own advertising purposes in accordance with their policy found under:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
To revoke Your permission, please click
here
.
Combined and Aggregated Data
We may analyze aggregated, de-identified data and share these analytics, including to marketing agencies, media agencies and analytics providers. We may also combine information from the Services with other information we obtain. Additionally, information collected about You from a particular browser or device may be linked to information collected from another computer or device that may relate to You.
Google Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services: Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Services. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Business Transaction
If You make a purchase, we may share Your email with the Seller so that they can reach out to You, offer products, or offer items that are similar to those that You have already purchased or enquired about. Also, If BeatStars Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, BeatStars Inc. may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
BeatStars Inc. may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation;
To protect and defend the rights or property of BeatStars Inc.;
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Services;
To protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public;
To protect against legal liability.
Sharing of Your Biometric Data
BeatStars will not disclose or disseminate any Biometric Data to anyone other than its vendors, service providers and/or the licensors of BeatStars’s identity verification software providing products and services using Biometric Data without/unless:
First obtaining written Your consent to such disclosure or dissemination;
The disclosed data completes a financial transaction requested or authorized by You;
Disclosure is required by state or federal law or municipal ordinance;
Disclosure is required pursuant to a valid warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction; or
Disclosure is made by or to a law enforcement agency for a law enforcement purpose.
Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate technical, administrative and physical safeguards to help protect the security of Your Personal Data against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The security of Your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
We will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary for our legitimate and essential business purposes, to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain Your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
BeatStars shall retain Your Biometric Data only until, and shall request that its vendors and the licensors of BeatStars’s identity verification software permanently destroy such data when, the first of the following occurs: The initial purpose for collecting or obtaining such Biometric Data has been satisfied (e.g., verification no longer required after termination of Your account with BeatStars), or within 3 years of Your last interaction with BeatStars.
In accordance with CUBI, the following retention schedule applies:
BeatStars shall retain Your Biometric Data only until, and shall request that its vendors and/or the licensors of BeatStars’s identity verification software permanently destroy such Biometric Data the later of (1) one year after the purpose for collecting the identifier expires, or (2) one year after any recordkeeping obligations imposed by law in connection with the collection of the biometric identifier expires.
In accordance with the WBPA, the following retention schedule applies:
BeatStars will not retain Your Biometric Data longer than is reasonably necessary to (i) Comply with a court order, statute, or public records retention schedule specified under federal, state, or local law; (ii) Protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud, criminal activity, claims, security threats, or liability; and (iii) Provide the services for which the biometric identifier was enrolled.
Data Storage of Biometric Data
BeatStars shall use a reasonable standard of care and shall request that its vendors and/or the licensors of BeatStars’s identity verification software store, transmit and protect from disclosure any paper or electronic Biometric Data collected. Such storage, transmission, and protection from disclosure shall be performed in a manner that is industry standard and/or the same as, or more protective than, the manner in which BeatStars stores, transmits and protects from disclosure other confidential and sensitive information, including personal information that can be used to uniquely identify an individual or an individual’s account or property, such as account numbers, PINs, driver’s license numbers and social security numbers.
Disclosure and Authorization of Biometric Data
To the extent that BeatStars, its service providers, and/or the licensors of BeatStars’ verification software collect, capture, or otherwise obtain Biometric Data relating to You. BeatStars will:
Inform You in writing that BeatStars and/or, its vendors, service providers and/or the licensors of BeatStars identity verification software are collecting, capturing, or otherwise obtaining Your Biometric Data, and that BeatStars is providing such Biometric Data to its its vendors, service providers and/or the licensors of BeatStars identity verification software (which You hereby acknowledge that You have received);
Inform You in writing of the specific purpose and length of time for which Your Biometric Data is being collected, stored, and used, (which You hereby acknowledge that You have received);
Receive a written release signed by You (or Your legally authorized representative) authorizing BeatStars, its vendors, service providers and/or the licensors of BeatStars’s identity verification software to collect, store, and use Your Biometric Data for the specific purposes disclosed by BeatStars, and for BeatStars to provide such Biometric Data to its vendors, service providers and/or the licensors of BeatStars’s identity verification software; and
Provide a mechanism to prevent the subsequent use of a biometric identifier for a commercial purpose.
BeatStars, its vendors, and/or the licensors of BeatStars’s identity verification software will not sell, lease, trade, or otherwise profit from Your Biometric Data; provided, however, that BeatStars’s vendors, service providers and/or the licensors of BeatStars’s identity verification software may be paid for products or services used by BeatStars that utilize such Biometric Data.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in Your jurisdiction.
If You are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and other countries and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
BeatStars will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other Personal Information.
Your Rights and Choices
BeatStars Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow You to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of Your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, You can update Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If You are unable to change Your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If You wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about You and if You want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
Information for Individuals Located in the EU and Switzerland
We rely on the following legal bases to process Your information: (1) as necessary to perform any contract between You and us to provide the Services; (2) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Services where those interests do not override Your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data protection; and (3) with Your consent.
Users that reside in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the appropriate supervisory authority. You can view the contact information for data protection authorities
here
.
In certain circumstances, residents of the EEA or Switzerland are entitled to the following data protection rights:
Right to access.
You have the right to request BeatStars for copies of your Personal Data.
Right to rectification.
YYou have the right to request that BeatStars correct any information You believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request BeatStars to complete the information You believe is incomplete.
Right to erasure.
You have the right to request that BeatStars erase Your Personal Data, under certain conditions.
Right to restrict processing.
You have the right to request that BeatStars restrict the processing of Your Personal Data, under certain conditions.
Right to object to processing.
You have the right to object to BeatStars’ processing of Your Personal Data, under certain conditions.
Right to data portability.
You have the right to request that BeatStars transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to You, under certain conditions.
If You would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us by emailing us at
privacy@beatstars.com
or filling out this
link
.
With respect to the collection and processing of Your Biometric Data, You have the following rights:
The right to request access to, correction of, or erasure of Your Biometric Data;
The right to request that processing of Your Biometric Data be restricted;
The right to object to the processing of Your Biometric Data or to its portability;
The right to withdraw consent at any time; and
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. You can exercise those rights
here
.
You shall also have the additional jurisdictional rights as stated in our BeatStars Privacy Policy, which can be found
here
.
To exercise the foregoing rights, please use this
form
or contact us by emailing
privacy@beatstars.com
.
Notice for California Residents
If You are a California resident, You can visit the
BeatStars Privacy Policy for California Residents
to learn more about the Personal Information we collect and disclose about You as well as Your privacy rights related to Your Personal Information under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Cookie Policy and Interest-based Advertising
When You visit our websites, we may collect information from You automatically through cookies or similar technologies. We also rely on partners to provide many features of our Sites and Services using data about Your use of the Sites and Services. We use cookies for the following purposes:
Site Operations.
To Enable features that are necessary for providing You the services on our Sites, such as keeping You signed in, tracking content views, and remembering Your preferences.
Analytics.
To allow us to understand how our Sites and Services are being used, track site performance and make improvements.
Advertising.
To deliver tailored advertising based on Your preferences or interests across services and devices and measuring effectiveness of ads.
Social Media.
To enable the sharing of content from our Sites through social networking and other sites.
You can modify Your browser settings decline or accept cookies. However, in a few cases, some of our Site features may not function as designed.
If You wish to opt-out of our sharing of the limited data that is gathered when You visit our Site for purposes of targeted digital advertising, we encourage You to visit the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising
or the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Initiative
for more information about opting out of seeing targeted digital advertisements. Similarly, You can learn about Your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through Your device settings. You may also visit these websites for more information on how You can opt back into the sharing of data. Please note that BeatStars does not maintain this web tracking data in an identifiable manner.
Please note that opting-out of advertising networks does not mean that You will not receive advertisements while using other websites.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track functionality. Do Not Track is a preference You can set in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of Your web browser
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Services. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of Your Personal Information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
PayPal or Braintree
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
.
Stripe
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
.
Trolley
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://trolley.com/privacy/
.
Dlocal
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Adyen
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.adyen.com/policies-and-disclaimer/privacy-policy
.
Links to Other Websites
Our Services may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If You click on a third-party link, You will be directed to that third party's website. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party websites or services.
Jurisdictional Data Protection
This Data Protection section applies to all users of any services owned or controlled by BeatStars Inc. Furthermore, this section extends to Service Providers, Contractors, Affiliates, Vendors, Affiliates, Agents, and Entities; their parent company and subsidiaries, or their respective employees, officers, directors, members, managers, shareholders, agents, vendors, licensors, licensees, contractors, customers, successors, and assigns (each referred to as “Parties” in the following paragraph). By executing any Agreement with BeatStars Inc., which uses any Personal Information, Parties agree to abide by the following paragraph. Violation of this section is cause for termination of Service or rights granted by BeatStars Inc. Moreover, if an agreement has been executed between BeatStars Inc. and a Party, violation of this section is considered a material breach.
Each party shall, at its own expense, ensure that it complies with and assists BeatStars Inc. to comply with the requirements of all legislation and regulatory requirements in force from time to time relating to the use of personal data, including (without limitation) (i) any data protection legislation from time to time in force in the UK including the Data Protection Act 1998 or 2018 and any successor legislation (ii) for so long as and to the extent that the law of the EU has legal effect in the UK, the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”) and any other directly applicable EU regulation relating to privacy; and (iii) and any applicable U.S Data Protection Laws, not limited to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) . This clause is in addition to, and does not reduce, remove or replace, a party's obligations arising from such requirements. Parties confirm that they will not rent or sell customer lists, contact details or other data without the customers’ express prior approval.
Furthermore, under Article 5 of GDPR both parties will comply with the following principles to ensure any personal data will be: a) Processed for limited purposes and not in any way incompatible with those purposes, b) Adequate, relevant and will not be excessive, c) Accurate Not kept for longer than necessary, d) Processed in accordance with the individual rights of any data subject, and e) Secure Not transferred to countries or other parties without adequate data protection.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights around BeatStars collection, use, and sharing of their Personal Information. BeatStars does not sell Your Personal Information and will not do so in the future without providing You with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. Similarly, we do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of Your Personal Information.As of January 1, 2023 You have the right to opt-out of sharing Your Personal Information with third parties for the purposes of targeted behavioral advertising, which You can do in our cookie preferences center. BeatStars collects various categories of Personal Information when You use the Service, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, and professional information. A more detailed description of the information BeatStars collects and how we use it is provided above in the sections entitled
“Collection of Personal Data”
and
“Use of Personal Data”
. The section entitled,
“Sharing Personal Data”
categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information, and what information may be shared under different circumstances. If You are a resident of California, You have the right to request to know what Personal Information has been collected about You, and to access that information. You also have the right to request deletion of Your Personal Information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow BeatStars to retain and use certain Personal Information notwithstanding Your deletion request. As of January 1, 2023 You have the right to request correction of inaccurate Personal Information and to request to limit disclosure or use of Your sensitive Personal Information. Please note, however, that any right to request correction is limited by the legal rights of BeatStars and its users relating to content on BeatStars platform, including without limitation legally protected rights related to freedom of speech, freedom of the press, or freedom to information. You can submit a data rights request by visiting
this
page. You may also send Your request by email to
privacy@beatstars.com
. Information on the number of requests BeatStars has received in California is available upon request to
privacy@beatstars.com
. We will not discriminate against You for exercising Your rights under the CCPA. An agent may submit a request on Your behalf, but You must verify that Your agent is authorized to do so. BeatStars does not knowingly sell or share the Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age. Separate from the CCPA, California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies what Personal Information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose Your Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to You unless You agree to such disclosure. BeatStars does not sell and has not, within at least the last 12 months, sold Personal Data, including Sensitive Personal Data that is subject to the CCPA’s sale limitation. If You have any questions regarding this policy, or would like to change Your preferences, You may contact us at
privacy@beatstars.com
.
NEVADA RESIDENTS: YOUR NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Nevada law (SB 220) requires website operators to provide a way for Nevada consumers to opt-out of the sale of certain information that the website operator may collect about them. BeatStars does not sell Your Personal Information to third parties as defined in Nevada law, and will not do so in the future without providing You with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. If You have any questions regarding our data privacy practices or our compliance with Nevada data privacy law please reach out to
privacy@beatstars.com
. You can submit a data rights request by visiting
this
page.
VIRGINIA RESIDENTS: YOUR VIRGINIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under Virginia’s Consumer Data Protection Act (“CDPA”), which goes into effect January 1, 2023, Virginia residents have certain rights around BeatStars collection, use, and sharing of their personal data. BeatStars does not sell Your personal data and will not do so in the future without providing You with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. Similarly, BeatStars does not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. BeatStars may engage in “targeted advertising” as that term is defined in the CDPA. As of January 1, 2023 You have the right to opt-out of targeted advertising here. BeatStars collects various categories of personal data when You use the Service, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, and professional information. A more detailed description of the information BeatStars collects and how we use it is provided in the sections entitled,
“Collection of Personal Data”
and
“Use of Personal Data.”
The section entitled
“Sharing Personal Data”
categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information. If You are a resident of Virginia, starting January 1, 2023 You have the right to (1) request to know what personal data has been collected about You, and to access that information; (2) request to correct inaccuracies in Your personal data; (3) request deletion of Your personal data, though exceptions under the CDPA and other laws may allow BeatStars to retain and use certain personal data notwithstanding Your deletion request; and (4) obtain a copy of Your personal data. You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request, or appeal denial of a request, by emailing to
privacy@beatstars.com
.
CONNECTICUT RESIDENTS: YOUR CONNECTICUT PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under Connecticut’s Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”), which goes into effect July 1, 2023, Connecticut residents have certain rights around BeatStars collection, use, and sharing of their personal data. BeatStars does not sell Your personal data and will not do so in the future without providing You with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. Similarly, BeatStars does not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. BeatStars may engage in “targeted advertising” as that term is defined in the CTDPA. As of July 1, 2023 You will have the right to opt-out of targeted advertising by visiting this page. BeatStars collects various categories of personal data when You use the Service, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, and professional information. A more detailed description of the information BeatStars collects and how we use it is provided above in the sections entitled,
“Collection of Personal Data”
and
“Use of Personal Data.”
The section entitled
“Sharing Personal Data”
categories of third parties with whom we share personal data, and what information may be shared under different circumstances. If You are a resident of Connecticut, starting July 1, 2023 You will have the right to (1) request to know what personal data has been collected about You, and to access that information; (2) request to correct inaccuracies in Your personal data; (3) request deletion of Your personal data, though exceptions under the CTDPA and other laws may allow BeatStars to retain and use certain personal data notwithstanding Your deletion request; and (4) obtain a copy of Your personal data. You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request, or appeal denial by emailing to
privacy@beatstars.com
.
COLORADO RESIDENTS: YOUR COLORADO PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under Colorado’s Consumer Privacy Act (“CPA”), which goes into effect July 1, 2023, Colorado residents have certain rights around BeatStars collection, use, and sharing of their personal data. BeatStars does not sell Your personal data and will not do so in the future without providing You with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. Similarly, BeatStars does not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. BeatStars may engage in “targeted advertising” as that term is defined in the CPA. As of July 1, 2023 You will have the right to opt-out of targeted advertising by visiting this page. BeatStars collects various categories of personal data when You use the Service, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, and professional information. A more detailed description of the information BeatStars collects and how we use it is provided above in the sections entitled, “Collection of Personal Data” and “Use of Personal Data.” The section entitled “Sharing Personal Data” categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information. If You are a resident of Colorado, starting July 1, 2023 You will have the right to (1) request to know what personal data has been collected about You, and to access that information; (2) request to correct inaccuracies in Your personal data; (3) request deletion of Your personal data, though exceptions under the CPA and other laws may allow BeatStars to retain and use certain personal data notwithstanding Your deletion request; and (4) obtain a copy of Your personal data. You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request, or appeal denial of a request, by emailing
privacy@beatstars.com
.
UTAH RESIDENTS: YOUR UTAH PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under Utah’s Data Privacy Act (“UCPA”), which goes into effect December 31, 2023, Utah residents have certain rights around BeatStars collection, use, and sharing of their personal data. BeatStars does not sell Your personal data and will not do so in the future without providing You with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. Similarly, BeatStars does not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. BeatStars may engage in “targeted advertising” as that term is defined in the UCPA. As of December 31, 2023 You will have the right to opt-out of targeted advertising by visiting this page. BeatStars collects various categories of personal data when You use the Service, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, and professional information. A more detailed description of the information BeatStars collects and how we use it is provided above in the sections entitled,
“Collection of Personal Data”
and
“Use of Personal Data.”
The section entitled
“Sharing Personal Data”
categories of third parties with whom we share personal data, and what information may be shared under different circumstances. If You are a resident of Utah, starting December 31, 2023 You will have the right to (1) request to be informed of what personal data has been collected about You, and to access that information; (2) request to rectification and to have the ability to correct inaccuracies in Your personal data; (3) request deletion and erasure of Your personal data, though exceptions under the UCPA and other laws may allow BeatStars to retain and use certain personal data notwithstanding Your deletion request; (5) Right to restrict Your personal data; (6) right to data portability; and (7) right to not be subject to aauto-mated decision making. You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request, or appeal denial by emailing to
privacy@beatstars.com
.
Right to Know Categories of Personal Data Processed by Us
You may submit a request for the categories that we have processed about You, subject to certain exceptions. Refer to the “Your Personal Information Rights to Access, Alter, or Erase Your Personal Information” section below for information on submitting requests regarding Your rights pursuant to Your right to know under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act.
Right to Know the Purpose of Processing
We allow cookies to be placed on our sites by third parties for monetary consideration for the purpose of targeted advertising by programmatic advertisers. These third parties use information from cookies, such as Your geolocation and browsing behavior to serve You personalized advertisements. We do not otherwise “sell” (as defined by the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act) any Personal Information. We only share Your Personal Information with others for the limited purpose of providing the Service to You. If You are a Virginia site visitor or user, then You must select the “Opt out of sale of personal data and Targeted Advertising” link available on the Service to block (opt out of) targeted advertising cookies from our Service on Your device. Opting out via the link will place a strictly necessary cookie on Your device to identify You in future interactions with our Service so that targeted advertising cookies are not placed during those subsequent interactions. You may contact us at
privacy@beatstars.com
for additional information about Your opt out rights. Please see the
Cookie and Internet Advertising Policy
for additional information about cookies on or related to our Service and steps You can take with respect to those cookies.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via prominent notice on our Services, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to exercise one of Your Data Subject rights, please contact us:
By emailing us:
support@beatstars.com
;
By visiting
this
page on our website
0
Boost Track
We have updated our
Terms of Service
. Your continued use of our services will constitute your binding acceptance to the changes.
Agree
Feed
Tracks
Sound Kits
Musicians
AI Models
Learn
Products
Shuffle
Repeat
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. By using the service and/or accessing this website, you acknowledge and agree to our
Terms of Service
(including the provisions regarding
class action waiver
and
arbitration
),
Privacy Policy
, and
Cookie Policy
.
Cookies Settings
Reject Unnecessary
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
User ID:
4269d1ea-3ded-4efe-96c0-4ff73854327a
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details‎
Social Media Cookies
Inactive
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.beatstars.com/california-residents:
Featured member
INYAMI
@inyami4
Follow
All connections
CREATE LIST
+ Create media
Download BeatStars App
Take your beats on the go! Download BeatStars App
PRIVACY POLICY FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Effective Date: 28/07/2022
Last Updated: 28/07/2022
This Privacy Policy applies to any California residents about whom we have collected personal information from any source, including through your use of our Sites, by buying products or services, or by communicating with us electronically, in paper correspondence, or in person (collectively, “you”). We provide this
Privacy Policy
to comply with applicable privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Any capitalized term used and not otherwise defined below has the meaning assigned to it in the online Privacy Policy.
The CCPA provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “personal information,” as well as rights to access, delete, and restrict the sale of certain personal information we collect about them. California residents also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights under the CCPA. If you are a California resident, you may submit a request to exercise these rights by completing the online webform
provided here
or by emailing us at
privacy@beatstars.com
. For more information about our general privacy practices, please view our online
Privacy Policy
.
If you are a visually-impaired customer, a customer who has another disability or a customer who seek support in other language, you may access BeatStars’ Privacy Policy for California Residents by emailing
privacy@beatstars.com
.
I. DEFINITIONS
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, except where a different definition is noted, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer/resident or household. Personal information does not include publicly available information, information that has been de-identified or aggregated, or other information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws.
II. CCPA DISCLOSURES AND RIGHTS
A. Personal Information We Collect
BeatStars may collect, or has collected, the following categories of personal information about you over the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers
, which includes your name and username; birthday; email address, mailing address, and telephone number; online identifiers as detailed below including IP address or device IDs; name, and password; government-issued identification card number; and/or other similar identifiers.
Payment and financial information
, including your credit or debit card number, PayPal email address, and/or other financial information.
Commercial information
, which includes records of music recordings; products or services including subscriptions purchased, obtained, or considered; participation in working with Sony Music Publishing; account balances, payment history, or account activity; bank account information and other information relating to your financial institution; and/or other purchasing or consumer histories or tendencies.
Information relating to Internet activity or other electronic network activity
, which includes your browsing history and Site usage information, interactions with ads, IP address, cookie identifiers, clear gifs (web beacons/web bugs), browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, device platform, and device version.
Geolocation data
, which includes Global Positioning System (“GPS”) data based on your IP address.
Audio, electronic, or visual information
, which includes music recordings, images and comment that you or others submit to our Site to be featured, displayed, or streamed on our Site; and recordings of calls to or from our customer service centers.
Inferences drawn
from personal information listed above which includes preferences, such as your listening preferences, interests and other information, used create a profile about you in order for us to personalize ads and content.
Information not listed above and related to characteristics protected under California or federal law
, which may include gender, if you display it on your profile or elsewhere on the platform.
B. What We Do With Your Information
BeatStars may collect, use, or disclosure personal information about you for the following purposes:
Provide our Services to you (such as account registration) and maintain the Platform and your account;
Market and sell our products and services;
Bill you for services and process subscription payments;
Provide you with a personalized content and ads;
Operate and maintain safe, secure and reliable Services and Sites;
Improve our operational efficiency and provide you with better products and services;
Perform research and development;
Contact you in response to an inquiry that you sent;
Send you messages and information related to our products and services, support and administrative messages, technical notices, updates, alerts, and other information;
Send you information about services and programs we offer that may be of interest to you;
Recommend artists to our business partners for publishing engagements;
Detect and prevent fraud and abuse, including perform identity verification;
Perform accounting, audits and other internal functions; and
Comply with request or order from courts, law enforcement or other government authorities.
BeatStars may also use personal information for other business purposes, including the following: (i) perform accounting, audits and other internal functions; (ii) compliance with our legal obligations or to assert or defend a legal claim; (iii) general business administration; (iv) processing employment applications; and (v) systems and data security.
C. Sources of Collected Information
We may collect personal information from the following categories of sources:
From you
, including via our Sites, telephone, postal mail, social media, forums, or other means
Business partners
that promote and/or offer services
Advertising networks
Social networks
with whom you choose to connect your BeatStars account to
Other third parties
, which includes payment portals you opt to use outside of those authorized by us, operators of other websites and mobile applications, and other data suppliers
Other sources
, including things that other third parties may post publicly about you or otherwise provide to us
We may supplement the information described above with information we obtain from other sources, including from both online and offline data providers.
D. Who We Share Your Information With
We limit our disclosure of the categories of personal information above to our service providers for one or more business purposes. We may also provide your personal identifiers such as name, email address, and phone number to our business partners, including Sony Music Publishing, for consideration for potential publishing when you have expressly directed us to do so by filling out a publishing application.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties, including personal information of minors under 16 years of age. As with nearly every e-commerce company, we do share a limited set of data that is gathered when you visit our Site, such as cookies and pixels, with third parties in order to allow you to see tailored digital advertisements. To the extent this activity is interpreted as included in California’s broad definition of “data sale”, we have provided you with opt-out rights as to that activity as described in
Section II(f)
below.
In the last twelve (12) months, we’ve disclosed certain personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Categories of third parties
Categories of personal information disclosed
Other users and artists through the Services, including artists
Identifiers; audio, electronic, or visual information; and information related to characteristics protected under California or federal law
Business partners such as Sony Music Publishing
Identifiers; commercial information; and audio, electronic, or visual information
Advertising partners
Identifiers; information relating to Internet activity or other electronic network activity; geolocation data; inferences drawn
Social networks
Identifiers; information relating to Internet activity or other electronic network activity; audio, electronic, or visual information; information related to characteristics protected under California or federal law
E. Data Protection
This Data Protection section applies to all users of any services owned or controlled by BeatStars Inc. Furthermore, this section extends to Service Providers, Contractors, Affiliates, Vendors, Affiliates, Agents, and Entities; their parent company and subsidiaries, or their respective employees, officers, directors, members, managers, shareholders, agents, vendors, licensors, licensees, contractors, customers, successors, and assigns (each referred to as “Parties” in the following paragraph). By executing any Agreement with BeatStars Inc., which uses any personal information, Parties agree to abide by the following paragraph. Violation of this section is cause for termination of Service or rights granted by BeatStars, Inc. Moreover, if an agreement has been executed between BeatStars Inc. and a Party, violation of this section is considered a material breach.
Each party shall, at its own expense, ensure that it complies with and assists BeatStars Inc. to comply with the requirements of all legislation and regulatory requirements in force from time to time relating to the use of personal data, including (without limitation) (i) any U.S Data Protection legislation, including but not limited to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) . This clause is in addition to, and does not reduce, remove or replace, a party's obligations arising from such requirements hereunder. You confirm that you will not rent or sell customer lists, contact details or other data without the customers’ express prior approval.
F. Your Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the following rights under applicable California law in relation to your personal information, subject to certain exceptions:
Right to Know.
You have the right to, up to twice in a 12-month period, request what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and/or sell, as applicable.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request under certain circumstances the deletion of your personal information that is collected by us.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a business.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights described above.
Any request you submit to us is subject to an identification and residency verification process (“Verifiable Consumer Request”) as permitted by the CCPA. We will not fulfill your request unless you have provided sufficient information that enables us to reasonably verify that you are the consumer about whom we collected the personal information on. In order to verify you, you must provide us with your email address and your BeatStars username. These rights are also subject to various exclusions and exceptions under applicable laws.
You may also designate an authorized agent, in writing or through a power of attorney, to request to exercise the above rights on your behalf. The authorized agent may submit a request to exercise these rights by emailing the letter of authorization or power of attorney to
privacy@beatstars.com
.
We currently do not collect household data. If we receive a Right to Know or Right to Delete request submitted by all members of a household, we will individually respond to each request. We will not be able to comply with any request by a member of a household under the age of 13, as we do not collect personal information from any person under the age of 13.
We will respond to your request within forty-five (45) days after receipt of a Verifiable Consumer Request for a period covering twelve (12) months and for no more than twice in a twelve-month period. BeatStars reserves the right to extend the response time by an additional forty-five (45) days when reasonably necessary and provided consumer notification of the extension is made within the first forty-five (45) days.
You may exercise any of the rights described in this section by completing the online webform
provided here
or by emailing us at
privacy@beatstars.com
.
G. Notice of Right to Opt-Out
We do not sell your personal information. If you wish to opt-out of our sharing of the limited data that is gathered when you visit our Site for purposes of targeted digital advertising, we encourage you to visit the
Network Advertising Initiative
and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising
for more information about opting out of seeing targeted digital advertisements. You may also visit these websites for more information on how you can opt back in to the sharing of data. Please note that BeatStars does not maintain this web tracking data in an identifiable manner.
We will continue to update our business practices as direct regulatory guidance becomes available. For more information on interest-based advertising, please visit our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
.
H. How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by completing the online webform
provided here
or by emailing us at
privacy@beatstars.com
.
III. CALIFORNIA “SHINE THE LIGHT” LAW
California residents additionally have the right to request information regarding third parties to whom BeatStars has disclosed certain categories of personal information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code §1798.83). Personal information under this California law means “any information that when it was disclosed identified, described, or was able to be associated with an individual.” We do not disclose this type of personal information to third parties for their own purposes and we permit you to opt-out of any disclosures of non-identifiable personal information. However, if you are a California resident and would like to inquire further, please email
privacy@beatstars.com
.
0
Boost Track
We have updated our
Terms of Service
. Your continued use of our services will constitute your binding acceptance to the changes.
Agree
Feed
Tracks
Sound Kits
Musicians
AI Models
Learn
Products
Shuffle
Repeat
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. By using the service and/or accessing this website, you acknowledge and agree to our
Terms of Service
(including the provisions regarding
class action waiver
and
arbitration
),
Privacy Policy
, and
Cookie Policy
.
Cookies Settings
Reject Unnecessary
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
User ID:
4269d1ea-3ded-4efe-96c0-4ff73854327a
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details‎
Social Media Cookies
Inactive
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Zurück zur Startseite
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
1. Übersicht
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Druckfähige PDF-Datei herunterladen
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Aktualisierung 15. April 2024
Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns, wenn Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder allgemeine Fragen zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten haben. Ihre Daten werden verwendet, damit wir die Dienste bereitstellen können. Dies erfolgt im Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den maßgeblichen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
1. Übersicht
Diese Datenschutzerklärung zielt darauf ab, Ihnen ausreichende Informationen über die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu bieten, wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen und unsere Dienste nutzen (zusammenfassend die „
Dienste“)
. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung zu lesen und sie zu nutzen, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen.
Die Erläuterung wichtiger Begriffe, die in der Datenschutzerklärung ansonsten nicht definiert werden, finden Sie in Abschnitt 17 (
Begriffsbestimmungen
) am Ende dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
Innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) ist
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
Datenverantwortlicher für personenbezogene Daten, die beim Besuch unserer Website, während des Anmelde- und Antragsverfahrens sowie während Ihrer fortgesetzten Nutzung der Dienste erhoben und verarbeitet werden.
Bezugnahmen auf "wir", "unser", "uns", "
PayPal
" oder "
PayPal-Unternehmen
" in dieser Datenschutzerklärung bezeichnen PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. sowie die Gruppe der Unternehmen, die jeweils die einzelnen Unternehmen direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert, von ihnen kontrolliert wird oder sich mit ihnen in gemeinsamem Besitz befindet.
Einige der Dritten, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, sind unabhängige Datenverantwortliche. Das bedeutet, dass wir nicht diejenigen sind, die bestimmen, wie die von uns weitergegebenen Daten verarbeitet werden. Beispiele sind Behörden, Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute. Wenn Ihre Daten an unabhängige Datenverantwortliche weitergegeben werden, gelten deren Datenrichtlinien. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, ihre Datenschutzerklärungen zu lesen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte zu kennen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei der Übermittlung außerhalb des EWR, Großbritanniens und der Schweiz schützen, finden Sie in Abschnitt 8 (
Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
)
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
Der Zugriff auf unsere Dienste ist auch für Personen ohne PayPal-Konto oder PayPal-Profil möglich. Auch wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, ohne Inhaber eines Kontos zu sein, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein bei der Nutzung der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto", von markenlosen Zahlungsdiensten (wie z.B. Braintree) oder beim Empfang von Zahlungen von Kontoinhabern über unsere Dienste. Der Begriff "Nutzer" bezieht sich daher gleichermaßen auf Personen mit und ohne Konto. Haben Sie kein Konto, erfolgt die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zur Bereitstellung der Dienste und nach Maßgabe dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den jeweiligen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
Wir erheben die folgenden Datenkategorien über Sie, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Benutzererfahrung kontinuierlich zu verbessern und unser Geschäft zu betreiben und weiterzuentwickeln. Die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, werden nachstehend erläutert.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Ihnen
erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihre Interaktionen mit uns und Ihre Nutzung der Dienste:
Anmelde- und Kontaktdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Ihren Namen, Ihre Postanschrift, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihr Einkommen, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihre Steuernummer, Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, Informationen über Ihren Beruf, Ihr Beschäftigungsverhältnis oder Ihr Geschäft sowie sonstige Informationen, die zur Einrichtung eines Kontos erforderlich sind.
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Daten, um Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihren amtlichen Ausweis, Ihr Alter und Ihre biometrischen Daten zu überprüfen sowie um Ihre elektronische Unterschrift zu erstellen und auszustellen.
Zahlungsinformationen
. Informationen, wie etwa der von Ihnen gesendete oder angeforderte Betrag, Ihr Zahlungsinstrument, Ihre in Verbindung mit den Diensten verwendete Karte oder Zahlungsquelle, einschließlich der Bezeichnung des Ausstellers, des Kartentyps, des Ländercodes, der Kontonummer des Zahlungskontos, des CVV, des Benutzernamens sowie IBAN-Informationen.
Informationen zu Ihren importierten Kontakten
. Wenn Sie sich entscheiden, Ihre Kontaktlisten zu importieren, erfassen wir Informationen, die Sie über Ihre Kontakte eingeben oder importieren, wie Name, Adresse, Telefonnummer, Bilder, E-Mail-Adresse oder Benutzernamen, die mit den importierten oder manuell eingegebenen Kontakten verknüpft sind.
Daten in Ihrem Kontoprofil.
Informationen, die Sie freiwillig eingeben, wie etwa Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Mobiltelefonnummer, Ihr Profilbild, Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder die Beschreibung Ihrer Person, die sensible personenbezogene Daten enthalten kann, welche Aufschluss über religiöse Überzeugungen, politische oder philosophische Ansichten, Behinderungen, sexuelle Orientierung sowie biometrische Daten geben. Sie können Ihr Profil jederzeit als "privat" kennzeichnen.
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
. Informationen, die Sie offenlegen, wenn Sie an Umfragen teilnehmen oder unsere Kundendienstteams kontaktieren, wie z. B. von Ihnen genutzte Dienste, aufgezeichnete Gespräche, Chat-Gespräche mit uns, E-Mail-Korrespondenz mit uns, Kontostatus, Rückzahlungsverlauf, Spracherkennung. Dies kann Informationen über andere beinhalten, wenn Sie diese mit uns teilen.
Gerätedaten.
Dies sind Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erhoben werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder die Dienste genutzt wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem der Typ, die Netzwerkverbindungen, der Name, die IP-Adresse und Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts sowie Informationen zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Abgeleitete Daten.
Wenn Sie die Dienste nutzen, können wir aus Ihren Transaktionen und personenbezogenen Daten gegebenenfalls weitere Daten ableiten. Dies erfolgt unter anderem, um Ihr Konto zu schützen und Sie bei der Nutzung der Dienste vor Betrug zu bewahren. Zu den abgeleiteten Daten können beispielsweise Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben, Browsing- und Kaufgewohnheiten sowie Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit gehören.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Dritten
erhoben werden, einschließlich von Identitätsprüfern, Datenbrokern, Anbietern, die uns bei der Betrugserkennung helfen, Ihrer Bank, Händlern oder Drittanbieterplattformen, über die Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Daten aus den von Ihnen verknüpften Drittkonten
. Wenn Sie ein Finanzkonto oder ein Konto ohne Finanzbezug verknüpfen, wie z.B. Ihr persönliches E-Mail-Konto, Ihre Konten in sozialen Medien oder Ihre Bank- oder Kreditkonten, erheben wir Informationen, die mit dem angegebenen Zweck in Verbindung stehen, zu dem die Verknüpfung erfolgt ist. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise für die Teilnahme an
Open Banking
entscheiden, erheben wir von Ihren verknüpften Konten die Kontoanmeldedaten, Kontostände, Kontotransaktionen und Informationen über Ihre finanzielle Situation. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung zur Nutzung dieser Funktion jederzeit ändern und die Verknüpfung mit den betreffenden Konten aufheben.
Informationen von Auskunfteien
. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig, erfassen wir im Rahmen Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste kreditbezogene Informationen wie ausstehende und historische Schulden, Rückzahlungshistorie, frühere Kreditgenehmigungen, aktuelle Arbeitsverhältnisse und Beziehungen zu anderen Finanzinstituten.
Transaktionsdaten
. Informationen zu Ihren Bestelldetails und Einkäufen, wie z.B. Artikelbeschreibung, Menge, Preis, Währung, Lieferadresse, Online-Warenkorbinformationen, Verkäufer- und Käuferinformationen und Zahlungsinformationen. Dazu gehören Informationen aus Ihren Transaktionen, bei denen Sie unsere Dienste ohne ein PayPal-Konto nutzen (z. B. Zahlen ohne PayPal-Konto).
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
. In Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht (u.a. Gesetz zur Geldwäscheprävention) können dies Informationen aus externen Sanktionslisten wie Name, Geburtsdatum, Geburtsort, Beruf und der Grund, warum die betreffende Person auf der betreffenden Liste steht, umfassen.
Anwendungen von Drittanbietern
. Informationen von anderen aus Ihrer Nutzung von Anwendungen von Drittanbietern, wie dem Apple App Store oder Google Play Store, sozialen Netzwerken, wie Name, Ihre soziale Netzwerk-ID, Standortinformationen, E-Mail, Geräte-ID, Browser-ID und Profilbild. Ihre Nutzung von Anwendungen Dritter unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung und den Nutzungsbedingungen für solche Anwendungen.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die durch Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien sowie von Ihren Geräten automatisch über Sie erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihren Zugriff auf unsere Website oder PayPal-App:
Technische Nutzungsdaten
. Informationen über die Antwortzeit für Webseiten, Download-Fehler und Datum und Uhrzeit Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes, wie z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Statistiken darüber, wie Seiten geladen oder angezeigt werden, die Websites, die Sie besucht haben, bevor Sie auf die Websites gelangten, und andere Nutzungs- und Browsing-Informationen, die durch Cookies erhoben werden ("
Technische Nutzungsdaten
").
Informationen von Ihrem Gerät
. Informationen über Ihre Spracheinstellungen, IP-Adresse, Browser-ID, Geräte-ID, Cookie-Einstellungen, Zeitzone, Betriebssystem, Plattform, Bildschirmauflösung und ähnliche Informationen über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen sowie Daten, die von Cookies oder anderen Tracking-Technologien erfasst werden,
Standortinformationen
. Informationen aus IP-basierter Geolokalisierung wie Breiten- und Längengraddaten und Global Positioning System (GPS)-Informationen, wenn Sie uns über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen die Erlaubnis erteilen.
Abgeleitete Daten
. Rückschlüsse, die gezogen werden, um ein Profil über Sie zu erstellen, das Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben wie Geschlecht, Einkommen, Surf- und Kaufgewohnheiten und Kreditwürdigkeit widerspiegeln kann.
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
Die
Verarbeitung
Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten kann aus einer Vielzahl von Gründen erfolgen, die nach dem maßgeblichen Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU), Großbritanniens und der Schweiz und unter Beachtung der nachstehenden Rechtsgrundlagen zulässig sind:
Wir erheben die folgenden personenbezogenen Daten, die wir für
erforderlich halten, um unsere vorvertraglichen und vertraglichen Verpflichtungen
Ihnen gegenüber zu erfüllen, und ohne die Sie die Dienste nicht nutzen können.
Zu diesen erforderlichen Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten gehören:
Informationen zu Ihrer Registrierung und Kontaktinformationen
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
Zahlungsinformationen
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
Transaktionsdaten
Tracking von Paketen
Dienstspezifische personenbezogene Daten
Informationen von Auskunfteien und Finanzinstituten
Informationen aus Ihren verbundenen Finanzkonten
Daten aus Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste
Technische Nutzungsdaten
Gerätedaten
Standortdaten
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört
:
die Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden vertraglichen Verpflichtungen und die sonstige Betreuung unserer Geschäftsbeziehung zu Ihnen;
Ihre Zahlung für Produkte und die Kundenbeziehung zu verwalten.
Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Bewerbung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität und Ihre Kontaktdaten zu bestätigen und Sie und andere vor Betrug zu schützen.
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch durch Verwendung von elektronischen Signaturen, und die Verifizierung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
nachzuweisen, dass Transaktionen ausgeführt wurden.
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
die Einhaltung interner Verfahren.
zu beurteilen, welche Zahlungsmöglichkeiten und Dienstleistungen wir Ihnen anbieten, beispielsweise durch die Durchführung interner und externer Bonitätsprüfungen.
Kundenanalyse, Verwaltung unserer Dienste und interne Vorgänge, z.B. Fehlerbehebung, Datenanalyse, Tests, Forschung und statistische Zwecke.
mit Ihnen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste zu kommunizieren.
geltende Gesetze der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten einzuhalten, wie z.B. Gesetze zur Geldwäscheprävention und Buchungsaufbewahrung sowie Vorschriften, die von unseren benannten Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken herausgegeben werden.
Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, sicherzustellen, dass PayPal ein sicherer Finanzdienstleister bleibt und weiterhin Dienstleistungen anbietet, die innovativ und von Interesse für Sie sind. Wir tun dies,
sofern unsere berechtigten Interessen nicht durch Ihr Recht auf Nichtverarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu diesem Zweck überwiegen
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
sicherzustellen, dass Inhalte auf die für Sie und Ihr Gerät effektivste Weise dargestellt werden.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
die Ermittlung Ihrer Berechtigung zur Inanspruchnahme von Diensten, die für Sie von Interesse sein könnten, z.B. durch Vornahme interner Bonitätsprüfungen, und die damit verbundene Kommunikation mit Ihnen;
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
die Weiterentwicklung unserer Dienste sowie allgemeine Geschäftsentwicklungszwecke, wie z.B. die Optimierung von Risikomodellen zur Betrugsreduzierung, die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen und die Erschließung neuer Geschäftsmöglichkeiten;
die fortlaufende Aktualisierung Ihrer Konto- und Finanzdaten;
Marketing-, Produkt- und Kundenanalysen, einschließlich Tests, dazu gehören beispielsweise die Verbesserung unserer Produktpalette und die Optimierung unseres Kundenangebots.
Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, wie z.B. der Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie der aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und der von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Wir führen auch Sanktionsprüfungen durch, melden Steuerbehörden, Polizeivollzugsbehörden, Vollstreckungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden, wenn wir nicht durch EU-Recht und das Recht der Mitgliedstaaten dazu verpflichtet sind, aber wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Weitergabe der Informationen erforderlich ist, um die geltenden Vorschriften einzuhalten.
die Ermöglichung Ihrer Teilnahme an Wettbewerben, Angeboten und Veranstaltungen;
Durchführung von Verpflichtungen zum Risikomanagement wie Kreditleistung und Qualität, Versicherungsrisiken und Erfüllung der Eigenkapitalanforderungen nach geltendem Recht.
die Verarbeitung von Daten über Ihre Kontakte, um Ihnen das Auffinden dieser Kontakte zu erleichtern und sich mit ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen, sowie die Verbesserung der Zahlungssicherheit;
indem Sie uns Daten über Ihre Kontakte übermitteln, erklären Sie, dass Sie befugt sind, diese Daten für die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Zwecke an PayPal weiterzugeben;
Ihnen Informationen, Nachrichten und Werbung über unsere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen, einschließlich wo wir uns mit anderen zusammengetan haben, um ähnliche Dienstleistungen anzubieten.
Informationen über Sie zu assoziieren, um Ihre Nutzung der Dienste ohne PayPal-Konto zu identifizieren (z. B. Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto) oder Markenlose Dienste (z.B. Braintree) und um solche Transaktionen mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen, wenn Sie ein Konto haben oder später ein Konto einrichten.
die Speicherung Ihrer Präferenzen für die nächste Nutzung der Dienste, z.B. Ihre bevorzugte Zahlungsmethode oder ob Sie beim Bezahlen digitale Quittungen per E-Mail oder SMS erhalten möchten;
Wir sind nach dem EU- und dem Mitgliedstaaten-Recht gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet, bestimmte Verarbeitungstätigkeiten durchzuführen.
Wir tun dies, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um geltende Gesetze einzuhalten
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste und Produkte;
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch zu Unterschriftszwecken, und die Überprüfung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
geltendes Recht einzuhalten, wie z.B. die Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie die aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und die von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Ebenso führen wir Sanktionsprüfungen durch und machen Meldungen an Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden.
Wir stützen uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihre ausdrückliche und freiwillige Einwilligung,
damit Sie in den Genuss bestimmter Funktionen kommen können, die zwar für die Nutzung der Dienste nicht notwendig, für Sie jedoch möglicherweise von Interesse sind, wie z.B. die Synchronisierung Ihrer Kontaktliste mit Ihrem Konto, die Bereitstellung von biometrischen Daten, gezielte Werbung, die Verknüpfung Ihres E-Mail-Kontos für das Tracking von Paketen oder die Verbindung mit einer Plattform Dritter. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung über die Nutzung dieser Funktionen jederzeit in Ihren Kontoeinstellungen ändern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung die Rechtmäßigkeit einer von uns vor dem Widerruf durchgeführten Verarbeitung nicht berührt. Weitere Informationen über Ihr Recht auf Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung finden Sie in Abschnitt 10 (“
Ihre Datenschutzrechte
”).
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weiter, wenn eine Rechtsgrundlage dafür besteht.
Dies umfasst:
Andere PayPal-Unternehmen
, um Ihnen die Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie in unserem berechtigten Interesse an der Ausübung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit. Diese Interessen werden in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
näher erläutert. Das PayPal-Unternehmen, das Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhält, verarbeitet diese in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Behörden
, soweit wir rechtlich dazu verpflichtet sind. Dazu zählen Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden in den jeweils maßgeblichen Ländern. Wir können auch verpflichtet sein, zuständigen Behörden, wie beispielsweise den Finanzbehörden, Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Dies kann Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und Informationen zu Kartentransaktionen umfassen, die wir in Ihrem Auftrag über unsere Dienste abwickeln. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Einhaltung von Offenlegungspflichten, die sich aus dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten ergeben, ist die bestehende rechtliche Verpflichtung. Soweit die Offenlegung nicht auf dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten beruht, ist die Rechtsgrundlage unser berechtigtes Interesse und die Einhaltung geltender Vorschriften zur Verhinderung widerrechtlichen Verhaltens.
Andere Finanzinstitute und Kartennetzwerke
, um die Zahlungsabwicklung zu erleichtern, gemeinsam ein Produkt anzubieten oder Karten Ihrer E-Börse hinzuzufügen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Offenlegung ist die Erfüllung des zwischen Ihnen und uns bestehenden Vertrags. Die betreffenden Parteien können auch für andere berechtigte Zwecke auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen, wie etwa Identitätsprüfung, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Betrugsbekämpfungs- und Identitätsprüfungsbehörden
, zum Beispiel, um uns bei der Erkennung von Aktivitäten zu unterstützen, die auf Betrug hindeuten. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Inkassobüros
, beispielsweise um unbezahlte überfällige Forderungen durch Dritte wie ein Inkassobüro einzuziehen. Wir tun dies auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses, Geschäfte zu tätigen und Schulden einzutreiben. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Datenschutzerklärung dieser Parteien für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten gilt, die Sie ihnen direkt mitteilen, und dass sie Ihre unbezahlten Schulden Kreditauskunfteien melden können, was Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit oder Ihre Fähigkeit zur Sicherung zukünftiger Kredite beeinträchtigen kann.
Dienstanbieter
, die in unserem Auftrag und nach unseren Weisungen Dienstleistungen erbringen, die wir an sie ausgelagert haben, wie z.B. Marketing, IT-Entwicklung, Wartung, Hosting und Support sowie Kundenserviceleistungen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten.
Andere Nutzer, soweit dies ausweislich Ihrer Kontoeinstellungen zulässig ist
. Über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen können Sie anderen Nutzern bestimmte Informationen wie Ihr Profilfoto, Ihren Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihren Benutzernamen oder Ihren Wohnort anzeigen oder zugänglich machen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Ihre Einwilligung. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie Ihre Profileinstellungen jederzeit und kostenfrei ändern können.
Finanzinstitute in Verbindung mit Ihrer Teilnahme an Open Banking
, z.B. wenn Sie eine Kontoverbindung mit einer anderen Bank, einem Kartenkonto oder einem Aggregator einleiten. Wir prüfen daher, ob Sie über genügend Geld verfügen, oder bestätigen, dass Sie der Inhaber des Kontos sind. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto verknüpfen, ist die Rechtsgrundlage für den Zugriff auf Ihre Kontodaten die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen gegenüber Ihnen.
Partner und Händler, deren Dienstanbieter und sonstige Transaktionsbeteiligte
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise die Dienste nutzen, um Online-Einkäufe zu tätigen, Zahlungen an andere Nutzer vorzunehmen oder Waren zurückzugeben, können wir Informationen über Sie und Ihr Konto an die anderen Parteien weitergeben, die an der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktionen beteiligt sind. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten sowie unser berechtigtes Interesse. Bitte beachten Sie, dass für personenbezogene Daten, die an Partner und Händler (oder deren Dienstanbieter) weitergegeben werden, welche an einer Transaktion beteiligt sind, die eigenen Datenschutzerklärungen und Verfahren der Partner und Händler gelten.
Externe, unabhängige Datenverantwortliche
, wenn wir beispielsweise personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute weitergeben oder an Sicherheitsprodukte, um zu verhindern, dass Bots auf unsere Dienste zugreifen können.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie direkt an diese Parteien weitergeben, deren Datenschutzerklärungen gelten
. So verwenden wir beispielsweise reCAPTCHA von Google, um Missbrauch unserer Dienste zu verhindern, wenn Sie auf unsere PayPal-App zugreifen. Die
Datenschutzerklärung
und die
Nutzungsbedingungen
von Google gelten für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie an Google weitergeben. Weitere Informationen zu Kreditauskunfteien, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit zu bewerten, finden Sie in Abschnitt 12 (
Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
).
Käufer oder sonstige Weitergabe in Verbindung mit einer Geschäftsübertragung
. Wenn wir beispielsweise ein Geschäft oder Vermögenswerte veräußern, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an einen Käufer dieses Geschäfts oder dieser Vermögenswerte weitergeben. Ebenso können personenbezogene Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn PayPal oder ein wesentlicher Teil des PayPal-Vermögens von einer dritten Partei erworben wird. PayPal hat ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, derartige Transaktionen durchführen zu können.
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange, wie es im Rahmen des Zwecks, für den sie erhoben wurden, und in Übereinstimmung mit dem geltenden Recht benötigt oder zulässig ist.
Die Kriterien für die Bestimmung der Aufbewahrungsfrist lauten:
Personenbezogene Daten, die für die laufende Beziehung zwischen Ihnen und PayPal genutzt werden, werden für die Dauer der Beziehung zuzüglich eines Zeitraums von zehn Jahren gespeichert
Personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf eine rechtliche Verpflichtung, der wir unterliegen, werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht aufbewahrt, wie z.B. gemäß geltendem Insolvenzrecht und AML-Verpflichtungen.
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange wie nötig, wenn die Aufbewahrung angesichts von Rechtsstreitigkeiten, Ermittlungen, Audit- und Compliance-Praktiken oder zum Schutz vor Rechtsansprüchen ratsam ist.
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
Da wir in zahlreichen Ländern tätig sind, kann es vorkommen, dass wir (oder unsere Dienstanbieter) Ihre Daten außerhalb des Landes, in dem Sie leben, übermitteln und verarbeiten. Um Ihre Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten und anderen Ländern zu verarbeiten und zu speichern, setzen wir externe Dienstanbieter ein. In den betreffenden Ländern ist nicht immer ein gleichwertiger Datenschutz gegeben. Wir haben daher konkrete Maßnahmen in Übereinstimmung mit dem Datenschutzrecht der EU und Großbritanniens getroffen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen. Bei der Übermittlung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zwischen PayPal-Unternehmen stützen wir uns auf von den zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden genehmigte bindende Unternehmensregeln (abrufbar
hier
). Andere Übermittlungen erfolgen auf der Grundlage von Standardvertragsklauseln, die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigt wurden, damit gewährleistet ist, dass Ihre Daten einen hohen Schutzstandard genießen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte gewahrt bleiben.
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
Wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren, E-Mails öffnen, die wir Ihnen senden, oder eine Website eines Drittanbieters besuchen, für die wir Dienste bereitstellen, verwenden wir und unsere Partner Cookies und andere Tracking-Technologien wie Pixel-Tags, Web-Beacons und Widgets (zusammen „
Cookies
“), um Sie als Benutzer zu erkennen, Ihre Online-Erfahrungen und Online-Inhalte anzupassen, einschließlich um Ihnen interessenbezogene Werbung bereitzustellen, Analysen durchzuführen, Risiken zu mindern und potenziellen Betrug zu verhindern und Vertrauen und Sicherheit auf unseren Websites und Diensten zu fördern. Bestimmte Aspekte und Funktionen unserer Dienste und Websites sind nur durch die Verwendung von Cookies verfügbar. Wenn Sie also bestimmte Cookies ablehnen, kann Ihre Nutzung der Websites und Dienste eingeschränkt oder nicht möglich sein.
Wir verwenden Cookies, um Ihre Geräteinformationen, Informationen zu Internetaktivitäten und Rückschlüsse wie oben beschrieben zu sammeln.
Cookies helfen uns, Folgendes zu tun:
Ihre Daten zu speichern, damit Sie sie nicht erneut eingeben müssen
Zu verfolgen und verstehen, wie Sie unsere Online-Dienste und E-Mails nutzen und mit ihnen interagieren
Unsere Online-Dienste an Ihre Einstellungen anzupassen
Zu messen, wie nützlich und effektiv unsere Dienste und Kommunikation für Sie sind
Unsere Produkte und Dienste zu verwalten und zu verbessern
Do Not Track (DNT) ist eine optionale Browser-Einstellung, mit der Sie Ihre Präferenzen bezüglich der Nachverfolgung Ihrer Handlungen im Internet durch Werbetreibende und andere Dritte festlegen können. Derzeit sind unsere Websites nicht darauf ausgelegt, auf DNT-Signale oder ähnliche Mechanismen von Browsern zu reagieren.
Näheres zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies erfahren Sie in unserer
Erklärung zu Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
.
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Nach geltendem Datenschutzrecht haben Sie bestimmte Rechte, unsere Erfassung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu kontrollieren. Zu Ihren Rechten gehören:
Zugriff, Berichtigung, Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung Ihrer Informationen
Wir erkennen an, wie wichtig es ist, dass Sie die Kontrolle über die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben. Daher bieten wir Ihnen verschiedene Möglichkeiten, Ihre Rechte auf Zugriff, Auskunft, Berichtigung (durch Korrektur oder Aktualisierung), Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung der Verarbeitung ganz oder teilweise auszuüben.
Wenn Sie ein Konto haben, können Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem Sie in den Kontoeinstellungen der PayPal-App auf "Daten und Datenschutz" zugreifen. Auch ohne Konto (z.B. wenn Sie die Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" nutzen) können Sie in Bezug auf Daten zu Transaktionen, die mit der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" durchgeführt wurden, Auskunft, Änderung, Berichtigung oder Löschung verlangen. Ersuchen zu den Daten einer anderen Person können Sie einreichen, indem Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen, sofern Sie ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt sind. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir von Ihnen gegebenenfalls zusätzliche Verifizierungsinformationen anfordern.
Ihr Recht, den automatisierten Entscheidungen und der Profilerstellung zu widersprechen
Falls Sie im Rahmen der unten beschriebenen automatisierten Entscheidungen nicht zugelassen sind, haben Sie keinen Zugang zu unseren Dienstleistungen, wie beispielsweise unseren Zahlungsmethoden. PayPal verfügt über verschiedene Sicherheitsmechanismen, um die Angemessenheit der Entscheidungen zu gewährleisten. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Überprüfungen unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und fallweise Stichproben. Wenn Sie bezüglich des Ergebnisses Bedenken haben, können Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir werden dann überprüfen, ob das Verfahren korrekt durchgeführt wurde.
Sie haben das Recht, einer automatisierten Entscheidung zu widersprechen, wenn deren Rechtsfolgen oder Ergebnisse geeignet sind, (zusammen mit dem entsprechenden Profiling) in sonstiger Weise erhebliche Auswirkungen auf Sie zu haben, indem Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir prüfen die Entscheidung sodann unter Berücksichtigung der zusätzlichen Umstände.
Zustimmung
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung verwenden, haben Sie im Allgemeinen das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung aufgrund der Zustimmung vor ihrem Widerruf zu beeinträchtigen.
Die Rechtmäßigkeit einer Verarbeitung, die vor Ihrem Widerruf stattgefunden hat, wird durch den Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung nicht berührt. Das gleiche gilt für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage eines anderen Rechtsgrundes als Ihrer Einwilligung.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen Direktmarketing
Sofern wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für Direktmarketingzwecke verwenden, können Sie jederzeit Ihre Berechtigungseinstellungen ändern, widersprechen und sich über den Abmeldelink in elektronischen Mitteilungen bzw. über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen von zukünftigen Direktmarketingnachrichten abmelden.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Verarbeitung berechtigter Interessen
Verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfolgung berechtigter Interessen von uns oder einem Dritten, haben Sie das Recht, der Verwendung für diesen Zweck zu widersprechen. Näheres dazu finden Sie in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
Wie nehmen Sie Ihre Rechte wahr, und wie können Sie uns oder die Datenschutzbehörde kontaktieren?
Wenn Sie aus irgendeinem Grund mit unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unzufrieden sind, haben Sie das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz in Ihrem Land einzureichen.
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie online oder per Post unter PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre Rechte verletzt wurden, können Sie auch bei
den örtlichen Gerichten
Rechtsmittel einlegen.
Sie können auch bei der für uns zuständigen
führenden Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz
, der Nationalen Kommission für Datenschutz des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (CNPD), eine Beschwerde einreichen. Die betreffende Postanschrift lautet: Commission nationale pour la protection des données, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxemburg.
Der Vertreter im Vereinigten Königreich kann per Post für alle Anfragen zum Datenschutz in Großbritannien bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP kontaktiert werden.
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
"
Automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung
" ist der Prozess der vollautomatischen Entscheidungsfindung ohne menschliche Beteiligung. In einigen Fällen könnten diese Entscheidungen
rechtliche oder ähnlich erhebliche Auswirkungen
auf Sie als natürliche Person haben. "
Profiling
" bezeichnet Analysen der Persönlichkeit, des Verhaltens, des Interesses und der Gewohnheiten einer Person, um Vorhersagen oder Entscheidungen über sie zu treffen. Soweit dies nach dem Recht der EU oder der Mitgliedstaaten zulässig oder für den Abschluss oder die Erfüllung eines Vertrags erforderlich ist, können wir in einigen Fällen automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling für Entscheidungen verwenden. Ein Beispiel für unseren Einsatz automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung ist die Bewertung Ihrer Kreditwürdigkeit, um Ihre Eignung für bestimmte Kreditprodukte zu beurteilen.
Wir glauben, dass PayPal durch das automatische Treffen solcher Entscheidungen seine Objektivität und Transparenz bei der Entscheidung, welche Dienste Ihnen angeboten werden, erhöht. Wir setzen mehrere Sicherheitsmechanismen ein, um sicherzustellen, dass die Entscheidungen angemessen sind. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Übersichten unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und Stichproben im Einzelfall. Sie können stattdessen jederzeit eine manuelle Entscheidungsfindung verlangen, Ihre Meinung äußern oder eine Entscheidungsfindung anfechten, die ausschließlich auf einer automatisierten Verarbeitung, einschließlich Profiling, beruht, wenn eine solche Entscheidung
rechtliche Wirkung entfaltet oder Sie in ähnlicher Weise erheblich beeinträchtigt
. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Sie diesen Entscheidungen widersprechen können, finden Sie in Abschnitt 10
("Ihre Datenschutzrechte")
.
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr über die Nutzung von automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling erfahren möchten.
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
Haben Sie einen Kredit beantragt oder nutzen Sie unsere Kreditdienste, können wir zur Bearbeitung Ihres Antrags Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben, die uns Informationen über Sie geben, wie z.B. Ihre Finanzhistorie. Dies geschieht, um Kreditwürdigkeit und Produkteignung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, offene Forderungen zu ermitteln und einzuziehen sowie kriminelle Handlungen zu verhindern.
Die Rechtsgrundlagen für diese Übermittlungen finden sich in Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe b (vertraglich) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe f (berechtigtes Interesse) der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung ("EU-DSGVO").
Wir werden auch weiterhin laufend Informationen über Sie mit Kreditauskunfteien austauschen, einschließlich über Ihre beglichenen Konten und alle Schulden, die nicht rechtzeitig vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden. Diese Informationen können von CRAs an andere Organisationen weitergegeben werden, um ähnliche Überprüfungen durchzuführen und Ihren Aufenthaltsort zu ermitteln und Schulden einzutreiben.
Ihre Daten werden auch mit den Daten aller gemeinsamen Bewerber oder anderer Finanzpartner verknüpft.
So erfahren Sie mehr
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr darüber erfahren möchten, welche Kreditauskunfteien wir für eine bestimmte Suche eingesetzt haben.
Hier
finden Sie die Liste der in Großbritannien und dem EWR genutzten Kreditauskunfteien, einschließlich der Identitäten der in den jeweiligen Ländern genutzten Kreditauskunfteien und eines Links zu deren Datenschutzerklärung, aus der Sie entnehmen können, wie diese personenbezogene Daten verwenden und weitergeben, einschließlich der Dauer der Speicherung dieser personenbezogenen Daten. Sie können sich an die Kreditauskunfteien, die im Land Ihres Wohnsitzes tätig sind, direkt wenden, wenn Sie Fragen zu deren Dienstleistungen, Ihrem Kreditscore oder zu den über Sie gespeicherten Daten haben. Das gleiche gilt, wenn Sie gegenüber den Kreditauskunfteien Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person ausüben möchten.
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
Wir führen technische, physische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen durch, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten angemessen vor Verlust, Missbrauch, unbefugtem Zugriff, Weitergabe und Änderung zu schützen. Zu diesen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen gehören Firewalls, Datenverschlüsselung, physische Zugangsbeschränkungen für unsere Rechenzentren und Berechtigungskontrollen für den Zugriff auf Daten. Wir sorgen für die Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienste. Für die Sicherheit und die Geheimhaltung Ihres Passworts bzw. Ihrer Passwörter und Ihres Kontoprofils bzw. Ihrer Anmeldedaten sind Sie jedoch selbst verantwortlich. Darüber hinaus liegt es in Ihrer Verantwortung zu prüfen, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie besitzen, richtig und auf dem aktuellen Stand sind. Wir haften nicht für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten, die wir auf Grundlage einer von Ihnen autorisierten Kontoverknüpfung an Dritte weitergeben.
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, von Kindern unter 16 Jahren oder anderen Personen, die rechtlich nicht in der Lage sind, unsere Websites und Dienste zu nutzen. Wenn wir tatsächliche Kenntnis davon erhalten, dass wir personenbezogene Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der unsere Dienste nicht nutzen darf, werden wir diese unverzüglich löschen, es sei denn, wir sind gesetzlich verpflichtet, diese Daten aufzubewahren.
Bitte
kontaktieren Sie uns
, wenn Sie glauben, dass wir irrtümlich oder unbeabsichtigt Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der zur Nutzung unserer Dienste nicht berechtigt ist.
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung wird von Zeit zu Zeit überarbeitet, um Änderungen an unserer Geschäftstätigkeit, unseren Diensten oder den geltenden Gesetzen Rechnung zu tragen. Wenn nach geltendem Recht auf die überarbeitete Fassung hinzuweisen ist, informieren wir Sie 30 Tage im Voraus durch Bekanntgabe der Änderung auf der Seite
AGB-Aktualisierungen
oder der Seite
Datenschutzerklärung
. Andernfalls wird die überarbeitete Datenschutzerklärung ab dem angegebenen Startdatum wirksam.
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
In der Regel verlangt das luxemburgische Recht, dem PayPal (in Bezug auf Datenschutz und Bankgeheimnis) unterliegt, einen höheren Grad an Transparenz als die meisten anderen Rechtsordnungen in der EU. Im Gegensatz zu den meisten Anbietern von Internet- oder Finanzdienstleistungen in der EU listen wir daher in dieser Datenschutzerklärung die Drittanbieter und Geschäftspartner, die Dienstleistungen für uns erbringen und denen gegenüber wir Ihre Daten offenlegen, sowie den Zweck der Offenlegung und die Art der offengelegten Daten auf. Einen Link zu diesen Drittanbietern finden Sie
hier
. Dadurch, dass Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung annehmen und ein Konto bei PayPal haben, willigen Sie ausdrücklich in die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an diese Drittanbieter für die aufgeführten Zwecke ein.
PayPal kann die oben genannte Drittanbieterliste am ersten Werktag eines jeden Quartals (d.h. im Januar, April, Juli und Oktober) aktualisieren. PayPal beginnt erst 30 Tage nach dem Datum der Veröffentlichung der Liste innerhalb der Datenschutzerklärung mit der Übermittlung von Daten an eines der in der jeweiligen Aktualisierung neu aufgeführten Unternehmen oder für die dort neu aufgeführten Zwecke oder Datentypen. Sie sollten sich in jedem Quartal zu den oben genannten Terminen auf der PayPal-Website erneut mit der Liste vertraut machen. Wenn Sie der neuen Form der Datenübertragung nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der aktualisierten Drittanbieterliste widersprechen, gelten die Änderungen der Liste und dieser Datenschutzerklärung als von Ihnen angenommen. Sind Sie mit den Änderungen nicht einverstanden, steht es Ihnen frei, Ihr Konto zu schließen und unsere Dienste nicht mehr zu nutzen.
Um die PayPal-Dienste bereitstellen zu können, müssen wir möglicherweise bestimmte Daten, die wir (wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegt) erhoben haben, an andere mit PayPal verbundene Unternehmen oder sonstige Stellen übermitteln, einschließlich solcher, die gemäß diesem Abschnitt eine Funktion als Zahlungsdienstleister, Zahlungsanbieter oder Kontoinhaber (oder ähnliche Funktionen) erfüllen. Sie erkennen an, dass diese Stellen in ihren jeweiligen Rechtsordnungen Gesetzen, Vorschriften, Untersuchungen, Ermittlungen oder Anordnungen unterworfen sein können, durch die sie zur Weitergabe von Daten an die zuständigen Behörden des betreffenden Landes verpflichtet sind. Durch die Nutzung der PayPal-Dienste willigen Sie in die Übermittlung solcher Daten durch uns zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie ein.
Insbesondere stimmen Sie allen folgenden Datenverarbeitungsmaßnahmen zu und weisen PayPal an, diese vorzunehmen:
a. Offenlegung notwendiger Informationen gegenüber der Polizei und anderen Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Sicherheitskräften, zuständigen staatlichen, zwischenstaatlichen oder überstaatlichen Stellen, zuständigen Behörden, Abteilungen, Aufsichtsbehörden, Selbstregulierungsbehörden oder -organisationen (einschließlich der
hier
im Abschnitt "Behörden" der Drittanbieterliste genannten Stellen) und anderen Dritten, einschließlich Unternehmen der PayPal-Gruppe, (i) deren Weisungen wir gesetzlich verpflichtet und befugt sind, einzuhalten, unter anderem aufgrund der luxemburgischen Gesetze vom 24. Juli 2015 über das US-amerikanische Gesetz zur Einhaltung der Steuervorschriften für Auslandskonten ("FATCA-Gesetz") und vom 18. Dezember 2015 über die einvernehmlich festgelegten Standards für die Berichterstattung der OECD ("CRS-Gesetz"), (ii) bei denen wir Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass die Kooperation mit ihnen bei der Untersuchung von Betrugsfällen oder sonstigen tatsächlichen oder mutmaßlichen widerrechtlichen Aktivitäten geboten ist, oder (iii) zur Ermittlung von Verstößen gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen (dies gilt auch für Ihre Zahlungsquelle oder Ihren Kredit- oder Debitkartenanbieter).
Wenn Sie in den Geltungsbereich des FATCA- oder des CRS-Gesetzes fallen, sind wir dazu verpflichtet, Sie über die Weitergabe von Daten an die jeweiligen Behörden zu unterrichten. Informieren Sie sich über die Verpflichtungen von PayPal nach dem FATCA- und dem CRS-Gesetz sowie darüber, welche Auswirkungen diese Verpflichtungen für Sie haben können und welche Informationen wir gegebenenfalls im Zuge dieser Verpflichtungen weitergeben.
Wir und weitere Organisationen, einschließlich von Unternehmen, die Zahlungen über PayPal akzeptieren, können notwendige Daten (darunter auch Daten, die von Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen aufgezeichnet wurden, und Daten aus anderen Ländern) zum Zwecke der Bewertung und Verwaltung von Risiken (wie z.B. zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung) weitergeben, nutzen und auf sie zugreifen. Bitte wenden Sie sich an uns, wenn Sie weitere Informationen über die jeweiligen Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen wünschen. Klicken Sie
hier
, um weitere Informationen zu diesen Behörden, den Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen und sonstigen Dritten zu erhalten.
b. Offenlegung von Kontoinformationen gegenüber Inhabern von geistigem Eigentum, wenn diese nach dem maßgeblichen nationalen Recht eines EU-Mitgliedstaates einen außergerichtlichen Auskunftsanspruch gegen PayPal aufgrund einer Verletzung ihrer geistigen Eigentumsrechte haben, bei der PayPal-Dienste genutzt wurden (zum Beispiel § 19, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Markengesetzes oder § 101, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Urheberrechtsgesetzes).
c. Obligatorische Offenlegung aufgrund von Kreditkartenbestimmungen oder in straf- oder zivilrechtlichen Verfahren.
d. Offenlegung Ihres Namens und PayPal-Links im PayPal-Benutzerverzeichnis. Ihre Daten werden anderen PayPal-Kunden angezeigt, wenn diese eine Suche anhand Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer oder eines Teils dieser Angaben durchführen. Dadurch soll sichergestellt werden, dass Zahlungen an den richtigen Empfänger erfolgen. Diese Funktion kann in den PayPal-Profileinstellungen deaktiviert werden.
e. Nutzen Sie als Händler einen Dritten für den Zugriff auf PayPal oder die Integration von PayPal, können wir notwendige Informationen an diesen Dritten zur Umsetzung und Verwaltung der betreffenden Vereinbarungen weitergeben (darunter den Status Ihrer PayPal-Integration, ob Sie ein aktives PayPal-Konto haben und ob Sie bereits mit einem anderen PayPal-Integrationspartner arbeiten).
f. Offenlegung notwendiger Daten gegenüber Zahlungsanbietern, Wirtschaftsprüfern, Kundenservice-Anbietern, Kreditauskunfteien und Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen, Anbietern von Finanzprodukten, Handelspartnern, Marketing- und PR-Unternehmen, Anbietern von operativen Dienstleistungen, Konzerngesellschaften, Agenturen, Marktplätzen und sonstigen Dritten, die
hier
aufgeführt sind. Zweck der Offenlegung ist die Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie. In der Drittanbieterliste haben wir außerdem unter jeder Kategorie nicht abschließende Beispiele von Drittanbietern (einschließlich deren Abtretungsempfängern und Rechtsnachfolgern) aufgeführt, gegenüber denen eine Offenlegung Ihrer Kontoinformationen derzeit tatsächlich stattfindet oder in Betracht gezogen werden kann. Neben dem Zweck der Offenlegung haben wir auch die offengelegten Informationen angegeben (soweit nicht anders angegeben, ist es diesen Drittanbietern gesetzlich bzw. vertraglich untersagt, die Informationen für einen anderen als den vorgesehenen Zweck zu nutzen).
g. Offenlegung erforderlicher Daten gegenüber Ihren Vertretern bzw. Verfahrensbevollmächtigten (z.B. dem Inhaber einer von Ihnen erteilten Vollmacht oder einem für Sie bestellten Vormund).
h. Offenlegung von zusammengefassten Statistikdaten an unsere Geschäftspartner oder PR-Partner. Wir können beispielsweise offenlegen, dass ein bestimmter Prozentsatz unserer Kunden in einer bestimmten Stadt lebt. Diese zusammengefassten Daten enthalten keine personenbezogenen Daten.
i. Weitergabe notwendiger Kontoinformationen an nicht mit uns verbundene (
hier
aufgeführte) Drittanbieter zu folgenden Zwecken:
Betrugsprävention und Risikosteuerung: Prävention von Betrug sowie Bewertung und Steuerung von Risiken.
Kundenservice: zu Zwecken des Kundenservice, einschließlich der Betreuung Ihrer Konten oder zur Klärung von Konflikten (z.B. in Bezug auf Rechnungen oder Transaktionen).
Versand: im Zusammenhang mit dem Versand und darauf bezogenen Dienstleistungen bei Käufen, die mit PayPal getätigt wurden.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften: zur Unterstützung der Verifizierungsanforderungen bei der Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung.
Dienstleister: um die mit uns vertraglich verbundenen Dienstleister in die Lage zu versetzen, uns bei geschäftlichen Vorgängen wie z.B. Betrugsprävention, Inkassomaßnahmen, Marketing, Kundenservice und Technologiedienstleistungen zu unterstützen. Diese Dienstleister werden von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, Ihre Daten nur für die Dienstleistungen zu verwenden, die sie für uns erbringen, nicht jedoch zu ihrem eigenen Nutzen.
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
Gerätedaten bezieht sich auf Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erfasst werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder Dienste verwendet wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem Ihr Gerätetyp, die Netzwerkverbindungen Ihres Geräts, Name und IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts und zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Geolokalisierungsinformationen sind Informationen, die Ihren Standort mit präziser Genauigkeit identifizieren, indem sie beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwenden, die Sie über Ihr GPS oder Ihre Geräteeinstellungen erhalten.
Standortinformationen sind Informationen, die mit angemessener Genauigkeit Ihren ungefähren Standort identifizieren, indem beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwendet werden, die durch GPS oder Wi-Fi oder Triangulation von Mobilfunkstandorten erhalten werden.
Partner bezeichnet den Händler oder das Unternehmen, mit dem unsere Benutzer Geschäfte tätigen, um Waren oder Dienstleistungen zu erhalten.
Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto hat dieselbe Bedeutung wie in den
Nutzungsbedingungen für Zahlungen ohne PayPal-Konto
.
PayPal-Unternehmen bedeuten Unternehmen, die Sich im Besitz von PayPal befinden und personenbezogene Daten gemäß ihren Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien verarbeiten. PayPal Unternehmen sind Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet und Braintree.
Personenbezogene Daten bezeichnet Informationen, die einer identifizierten oder direkt oder indirekt identifizierbaren natürlichen Person zugeordnet werden können. Zu "personenbezogenen Daten" zählen beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift (einschließlich Rechnungs- und Lieferadresse), Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Zahlungskartennummer, sonstige Kontoinformationen, Kontonummer, Geburtsdatum, Daten aus amtlichen Ausweisen (z.B. Führerscheinnummer, Personalausweisnummer, Reisepassnummer) und biometrische Daten.
Verarbeitung bezeichnet jede Methode oder Art und Weise, wie wir mit personenbezogenen Daten oder Sätzen personenbezogener Daten umgehen, sei es durch automatisierte Mittel, wie z.B. durch Erhebung, Aufzeichnung, Kategorisierung, Strukturierung, Speicherung, Anpassung oder Änderung, Abruf und Konsultation, Verwendung, Offenlegung durch Übertragung, Verbreitung oder anderweitige Bereitstellung, Abgleich oder Kombination, Einschränkung, Löschung oder Vernichtung von personenbezogenen Daten.
Dienste bezeichnet alle Zahlungsdienste mit oder ohne die Markenbezeichnung "PayPal", die Funktion "Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto", Kreditprodukte und -dienste, Inhalte, Merkmale, Technologien oder Funktionen sowie alle zugehörigen Websites, Anwendungen und Dienste, die Ihnen von PayPal angeboten werden. Zur Nutzung der Dienste zählt auch die Nutzung unserer Website.
Seiten bezieht sich auf die Websites, mobilen Apps, offiziellen Social-Media-Plattformen oder andere Online-Tools, über die PayPal die Dienste anbietet und die diese Datenschutzerklärung veröffentlicht haben oder mit ihr verlinkt sind.
Markenlose Zahlungsdienste bedeutet, dass Sie mit Händlern interagieren und Zahlungen an diese leisten, indem Sie unsere Kartenzahlungsdienste verwenden, die nicht die Marke PayPal tragen.
Nutzer ist jede Person, die die Dienste als Verbraucher für den persönlichen oder Haushaltsgebrauch nutzt. Für die Zwecke dieser Mitteilung enthält "Benutzer" "Sie" und "Ihr".
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie
online
oder offline unter PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie
Einwohner des Vereinigten Königreichs
sind, wenden Sie sich an unseren Vertreter bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres PayPal-Kontos oder des PayPal-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres Xoom-Kontos oder des Xoom-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Sub-policy 5
https://stripe.com/us/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 6
https://trolley.com/privacy/:
Skip to content
LEGAL AGREEMENTS
Privacy Policy
For companies registered in the
United States
and
Canada
.
Last Updated: July 14, 2022
1. Introduction, Acceptance, Definitions, and Modifications
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to the website at
https://trolley.com
(the “Website”) which includes all subdomains present and future, and also includes the use of the “Services”, the proprietary software system that Trolley has developed to facilitate the making of payments to third party individuals or companies around the world (“Recipients”), and as more fully described in the Terms of Use. For further clarity, any mention of the Website in this Policy includes the Services, as the Services are accessed on a subdomain of the Website.
By visiting and / or using the Website, or by clicking the acceptance box upon signing up for an account, you agree to be bound by the terms of the present Policy.
By submitting Personal Information to us or on or through the Website or via other means, you consent to Trolley’s collection, use and disclosure of such Personal Information (as that term is defined below) in accordance with this Policy and as permitted or required by law.
The Services may only be used by legally-constituted entities including but not limited to corporations, partnerships, and legal organizations (hereinafter “Legal Entities”). If you are an individual using the Services on behalf of a Legal Entity, you represent and warrant that you have the capacity and authority to accept the Policy on behalf of the Legal Entity, and hereby agree to be the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information on behalf of that Legal Entity.
The Website is owned and operated by Trolley Technologies Inc (“Trolley”), a corporation located at 1 University Ave 3rd Floor, Toronto, ON M5J 2P1. Where this Policy refers to “Trolley”, it may refer to Trolley Technologies Inc. and / or it’s affiliates, including Trolley CA Inc. (Canada), Trolley Payments UK Ltd (UK), Trolley US Inc. (US), and Payment Rails HK Limited (Hong Kong); it’s officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, depending on the context. Any reference to “we”, “our”, or “us” in this Policy shall also refer to Trolley.
In this Policy, a Website visitor or user, or the Legal Entity they represent (depending on the context), may be referred to as “you” or “your”. When a Website user has created an account for the Services, they may be referred to as a “Registered User”. Trolley reserves the right to modify or replace any of the Policy. Any changes to the Policy can be found at this URL. If you are a Registered User, it is your responsibility to check the Policy periodically for changes. Your use of the Website following the posting of any changes to the Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes. If we make any substantial changes to the Policy that materially affect the way we treat your Personal Information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by posting a prominent notice when you log in to your account for the first time following those changes.
Trolley reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to modify or replace any of the Policy. Any changes to the Policy can be found at this URL. If you are not a Registered User, it is your responsibility to check the Policy periodically for changes. Your use of the Website following the posting of any changes to the Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes. If you are a Registered User and we make any changes to the Policy that affect the way we treat your Personal Information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by posting a prominent notice when you log in to your account for the first time following those changes.
The Policy should be read in conjunction with the
Terms of Use
, as both these documents govern your use of the Website.
If you have any questions about the Policy or if you wish to inquire about and / or access any personal information Trolley holds about you, please contact:
Trolley Data Protection Officer
privacy@trolley.com
or by post:
Trolley – Data Protection Officer
1 University Ave, 3rd Floor
Toronto, ON M5J 2P1
Canada
2. General Statement of Privacy and Protection of Personal Information
Trolley understands that privacy is important to both our online visitors and Registered Users. We respect your privacy and will take reasonable steps to protect your information.
3. What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Policy covers the treatment of personally-identifiable information, i.e. any information that identifies or relates to an individual, or can be used in conjunction with other information to identify an individual (“Personal Information”). This Policy also covers Trolley treatment of any Personal Information that Trolley may share with its business partners or other third parties under very limited circumstances.
This Policy does not apply to the general practices and treatment of information (whether personal or not) by third parties that Trolley does not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites or services that you elect to access through the Website or via a link from the Website (“Third Party Website”), or to individuals that Trolley does not manage or employ. While we attempt to facilitate access or link only to those Third Party Websites that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Websites. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Website you access.
4. No Collection of Personal Information as a Matter of Course
Your Personal Information is only processed (a) with your freely given, informed consent, (b) if the processing is necessary to fulfil a contractual or legal obligation towards you, (c) upon your request to perform an action that requires processing or (d) if we are obliged to do so under applicable laws. We will only process Personal Information for the stated purpose or use and to the extent necessary, as described in the next section of this Policy.
5. Personal Information Collected and its Uses
The following describes the Personal Information collected from you when you use the Website and what we use it for. When you submit Personal Information about third parties, you represent and warrant that you have their permission and consent to submit that Personal Information to us and for Trolley to use their Personal Information as described in this Policy. When you submit Personal Information about the Legal Entity you represent, you represent and warrant that you have the capacity and authority to do so.
“Account Information”. In order to use the Services, you will be required to create an account by entering the following Personal Information: a valid email address, your full name, your company name, your company website, and your phone number. You may also choose to add additional Authorized Users to your account by submitting first and last names and email addresses of additional individuals; this shall also be considered Account Information. This Account Information is used to manage your account, to verify your credentials for logging-in to the Website, to facilitate your use of the Services, and to communicate with you information about your account.
“Onboarding Information”. In order to become a Merchant and make payments you will be required to submit Personal Information to determine whether you are qualified to use the Services, as more fully described in the Terms of Use. This complete list of Onboarding Information will be made available to you during the onboarding process, but it includes information about you, your Legal Entity, other individuals at your Legal Entity, and certain banking or financial information. In addition, you will be required to upload government-issued identification and other documentation, which shall also be deemed Onboarding Information. We may also request additional Onboarding Information following your initial submission of your Onboarding Information. This Onboarding Information is used to determine your qualifications to become a Merchant and use the Services, to facilitate the execution of your Merchant Agreement with a Financial Services Provider, and to facilitate payments made to Recipients.
“Recipient Information”. In order to make payments to Recipients, you must submit the following Recipient Information: (i) for an individual, first and last name, and a valid email address; or (ii) for a company, business name and a valid email address. We use this Recipient Information to verify the Recipient’s ability to receive a payment, and to facilitate payments to the Recipients through the Services.
“Third Party Account Information”. In order to make payments to Recipients, you must submit the following Recipient Information: (i) for an individual, first and last name, and a valid email address; or (ii) for a company, business name and a valid email address. We use this Recipient Information to verify the Recipient’s ability to receive a payment, and to facilitate payments to the Recipients through the Services.
In addition to the uses described above, we may also use Personal Information you have submitted:
To facilitate and improve customer service;
To send you periodic emails of interest. Please see the Email Communications section further in this Policy for more information.
There may be other instances where we collect and process Personal Information which cannot be sufficiently covered in this Policy. If this is the case, we will notify you at the point of collection of the Personal Information and, if required, will ask for your consent and notify you of the nature and scope of the processing.
We may process your Personal Information for as long as we have a contractual or business relationship with you or, if longer, for the duration required by applicable laws. Note that applicable laws may require us to process your data regardless of your consent and/or for a period considerably longer than the business relationship between us.
6. Security and Encryption of Information
Trolley uses industry best practices (physical, electronic and procedural) in keeping any data collected (including Personal Information) secure. In addition, Trolley uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Website, and these third parties have been selected for their high standards of security, both electronic and physical. For example, Trolley uses Amazon AWS, a recognized leader in secure data, for hosting of the Website and storage of data, including Personal Information. Please note that these third parties may not be located in your home jurisdiction – see the “Transfer of Personal Information Outside Your Home Jurisdiction” section further in this Policy for more information.
7. Non-disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
Except as provided in the next paragraph and the sections in this Policy on Use of the Services and Mailing List Management, Trolley does not divulge any Personal Information to third parties. Moreover, Trolley does not sell, rent, trade or license any Personal Information to third parties. Only the employees, agents, subcontractors, officers, directors, or assigns of Trolley (or of Trolley’s affiliates) are responsible for the management and development of the Trolley service, and only these individuals have access to the information collected. These employees, agents, subcontractors, officers, directors or assigns all have been instructed to comply with the Policy.
We may share any Personal Information:
(1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or demands, or anything substantially similar to the foregoing where we have a legal obligation to comply;
(2) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or any violation of the Terms of Use or any other agreement between you and us or in order to comply with applicable laws;
(3) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding situations that involve abuse of the Website infrastructure or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of the Website infrastructure or the Website generally);
(4) to a parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with Trolley (in which case we will require such entities to honour this Policy);
(5) if Trolley merges with another entity, is subject to a corporate reorganisation, or sells or transfers all or part of our business, assets, or shares (in which case we will require such entity to assume our obligations under this Policy, or inform you that you are covered by a new privacy policy).
8. Use of Personal Information when making Payments
When you use the Services to make payments to Recipients, your Personal Information and that of the Recipient is transferred to Financial Services Providers and Third Party Payment Providers involved in the execution of the payment. Such Personal Information is only used for the making of the payment and to monitor compliance with applicable laws and the rules of the payment scheme in question;
Note that the use of our Services is usually covered by the Terms of Use or a Merchant Agreement and these may contain further information relating to our processing of data generally, including the processing of Personal Information. In case of any conflict between the Terms of Use or the Merchant Agreement and this Policy, the former take precedence.
9. Email Communications and Compliance with Anti-Spam Laws
Trolley uses
SendGrid
for sending out transactional emails to you, and uses
Drift
and
Marketing Cloud (formerly Pardot)
to manage our mailing list and send out marketing emails (collectively “Third Party Email Suppliers”). Personal Information is transferred to these Third Party Email Suppliers in order for our email communications to function properly. Your Personal Information is only used for the proper sending out of email; we have agreements in place that ensure that the Third Party Email Suppliers do not use this Personal Information for any other purpose, and will not transfer or sell your Personal Information to any other third party.
We will only send you marketing emails (i.e. emails that are not strictly necessary for the provision of Services to you) if you have allowed us to do so. You may unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails from us at any time by following the link at the bottom of any email sent to you.
Trolley’s practices with regards to their email communications are designed to be compliant with anti-spam laws, specifically the law unofficially called “CASL”, or Canada’s Anti-Spam Law or, if you reside in the European Union, with the EU General Data Protection Regulation. If you believe you have received email in violation of these laws, please contact us using the contact information further up in this Policy.
10. Limited Gathering of Information for Statistical, Analytical and Security Purposes.
Trolley automatically collects certain information using third-party analytics programs from
Google Analytics
and
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement
to help us understand how our users use the Website, but none of this information identifies you personally. For example, each time you visit the Website, we automatically collect your IP address, browser and computer type, access times, the web page from which you came, and the web page(s) you access (as applicable). We use information collected in this manner only to better understand your needs and the needs of the Website users in the aggregate. Trolley also makes use of information gathered for statistical purposes to keep track of the number of visits to the Website and the specific pages on the Website with a view to introducing improvements.
Your IP address and other relevant information may be used in order to trace any fraudulent or criminal activity, or any activity in violation of the Terms of Use.
11. Verification, Correction and Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to: (i) verify what Personal Information Trolley holds about you, for how long and for which purposes it is being processed and what safeguards are in place to protect it; (ii) ask for your Personal Information to be corrected or updated; (iii) obtain, to the extent possible, a machine read-able copy of your Personal Information held by us; and (iv) withdraw your consent to the use by Trolley of your Personal Information and have it deleted from our records. If you wish to inquire about and verify and / or correct Personal Information Trolley holds about you, or if you wish to have all your Personal Information permanently deleted from our records, please contact us using the contact information further up in this Policy. Please note that deletion of your Personal Information may make it impossible for you to use the Website, or certain portions thereof. If you request deletion of your Personal Information, Trolley reserves the right to retain some of your Personal Information for a reasonable time in order to satisfy our legal obligations, or where we reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
12. Transfer of Personal Information Outside Your Home Jurisdiction
Website users may access the Website from any country in the world. Trolley and its third party vendors, including service providers and hosting partners, are located in the United States, Canada, European Economic Area (EEA), and Australia. You acknowledge that Trolley and our third party vendors may be located in jurisdictions or countries where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your home country, state, province or other governmental jurisdiction, and consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to such countries.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, website users, including Registered Users, in the European Union acknowledge and agree that their Personal Information may be transferred to the United States, Canada or Australia.
Where we are responsible for the selection and supervision of third party vendors that process your Personal Data, we will include selection criteria such as the regulatory and data protection regime in the country where the vendor is located, the technical and operational safeguards the vendor has in place with respect to the processing of Personal Information and any other information obtained during a vendor due diligence process. We will put in place a contract with the vendor that ensures the safe and secure processing of Personal Information in compliance with applicable laws.
13. Monitoring Technology (“Cookies”)
Trolley uses monitoring technology (“cookies”) on the Website and by using the Website you agree to their use. Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a web site, in order to monitor and analyse use of the site and to improve the user experience. The Website uses “session cookies,” which are necessary to recognise you as a Registered User. Specifically, we may use cookies for the following functions:
to facilitate your signing-in to the Website;
to provide general internal and user analytics;
to conduct research to improve the content of the Website using analytics programs as described above in this Policy;
to assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities.
Your browser can be set to refuse cookies or delete them after they have been stored. Please refer to your browser’s help section for instructions. Please note that deleting these cookies may reduce your user experience on the Website by requiring you to re-enter certain information, including information required to use the Website and use the Services, such as account login information. Furthermore, deleting cookies may prevent certain functions from working at all. Trolley and its Representatives are not responsible for any function that may not operate after you delete cookies, and shall not be liable for any losses or damages (pecuniary or otherwise) arising from those functions not operating, or having reduced functionality.
14. Risks Associated with the Internet
Despite Trolley’s best efforts to ensure that third parties will not access or obtain your Personal Information through your use of the Website, complete confidentiality and security cannot currently be guaranteed on the Internet. Communication via the Internet may be subject to interception, loss, or alteration. You acknowledge and agree that Trolley cannot be held responsible for losses resulting from the transmission of confidential information or Personal Information over the Internet and that such communications are at your own risk, provided always that Trolley provides you with the option to securely communicate in accordance with industry best practices (e.g. standard encryption via commonly used protocols).
15. Links to Third Party Websites
From time to time Trolley may provide links to other websites or services not covered by the present Policy. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of any website or service linked to from our Website, and to be careful when submitting any information, including your Personal Information, to them.
16. Limitation of Liability
Trolley, its affiliates, or their respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, partners, principals, licensors, representatives, successors and assigns, will not be held liable for any losses or damages, direct or indirect, pecuniary or not pecuniary, resulting from the misuse of any information collected by any third party, or any misuse of any information collected through the Website not in violation of the Policy.
17. Compliance with Privacy Laws
This Policy and Trolley’s practices in general are designed to be in compliance with Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”, S.C. 2000, c. 5) and the UK Data Protection Act 1998. If you have any questions regarding this compliance, please contact us using the contact information further up in this Policy.
GDPR – If you are an individual residing in the European Union and we are processing your personal information, we comply with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR, officially: “Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016”).
CCPA – Trolley complies with its obligations under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in regards to California consumers whose personal information is collected or processed by Trolley under the Terms of Use.
Privacy Shield – Trolley complies with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States. Trolley has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles and Supplemental Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view Trolley’s certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
.
If you are an EU citizen and believe Trolley is not abiding by the terms of this Policy, or is not in compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, please contact us using the contact information further up in this Policy.
Trolley has agreed to refer unresolved complaints related to Personal Information to JAMS Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Program. For more information and to submit a complaint regarding Individual data to JAMS, visit: https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State.
You may also have a right, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration under Privacy Shield; for additional information, see
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
. The FTC has jurisdiction over Trolley’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.
EN
FR
Sub-policy 7
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
/
dLocal
Oops!
404
Something went wrong, please reload the page or try again later, if the problem continues, you can also go back to the home page by clicking the button below.
Go back to Home
Sub-policy 8
https://www.adyen.com/policies-and-disclaimer/privacy-policy:
Transaction
Compliance obligations
Embedded financial products
Security
Marketing
Website
Other
Privacy Statement
Please read this privacy statement if you would like to know more about the way Adyen and its
group companies around the world
(hereinafter referred to as “Adyen” or “we”) collect and process your personal data. This privacy statement applies to the processing activities in which Adyen acts as a data controller.
It is important to us that your personal data is handled carefully, and that you are well informed about the way we process your personal data. This privacy statement tells you what data we process – including how, why and how long we process it for – and informs you of your data privacy rights.
Adyen reserves the right to update its privacy statement at any time. Such updates will be made and posted on our publicly available website
https://www.adyen.com/privacy-policy
.
Version as of June 4, 2024.
Download as PDF
Hi there,
We have updated our Privacy Statement as of the June 4, 2024. To read the previous (March 2023) version, please click
here
.
General information
Adyen is a financial technology company operating under a banking license. This means that Adyen provides its customers with payments and other financial products, including payments processing for its customers and platforms via credit card, bank transfer, and other payment methods, card issuing, (merchant) bank accounts, fraud detection, and other financial services. It is also important to note that Adyen N.V. is supervised by the Dutch Central Bank as a regulated bank under Dutch law. In addition, Adyen and its group companies are supervised by various regulators and authorities, as applicable, around the globe.
You may have seen Adyen on your bank statements if you have bought something, automatically renewed a subscription, or received a payout from one of Adyen’s customers. If you would like more information about any of these charges, you can use
Adyen’s Look Up Charge Tool
.
If you would like to exercise your
data subject rights
(outlined below) under data privacy law, please use
Adyen’s Privacy Form
.
You may have the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to to certain exceptions:
Right to access
: You may have the right to ask us for the specific personal data that we have collected from you in a portable and (where technically possible) usable format.
Right to know
: You may have the right to verify that we have collected personal data about you, as well as know what personal data we have collected about you. This includes, as applicable, the categories of personal data we have collected, the sources from which we collected that personal data, the business or commercial purposes for which we collected, “sold”, and “shared” that personal data, the categories of personal data that we “sold”, “shared”, or disclosed to third parties for business purposes and the categories of third parties to whom we “sold”, “shared”, or disclosed personal data. You can also contact us if you want to know more about the data we process for our legitimate interests.
Right to deletion
: You may be entitled to request that we delete the personal data that we have collected from you. We will use all commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, in compliance with applicable laws. Please note, however, that we may need or be required to keep such information, such as for our legitimate business purposes, or to comply with applicable laws.
Right to opt-out of sales and sharing of personal data to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising:
You are entitled to opt-out of sales of your personal data to third parties and to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising, if applicable. You can opt-out of sales and sharing of your personal data by visiting our Cookies Policy and disabling the ‘Sale or Share of Personal Data’ toggle in the Cookies Preference Center,  or by contacting us using one of the methods below. If you have enabled the Global Privacy Control mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharing” when you use our website. Adyen seamlessly processes the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal if enabled on your browser, device, or platform. Please visit
this page
to learn more about enabling the GPC.
Right to object to the processing of your personal data:
You are entitled to object to us processing your personal data. In addition, where you have given your consent for us to process personal data, you can withdraw this consent at any time. Please note that Adyen maintains a record of withdrawals of consent to ensure that we do not contact you in the future.
Right to opt-out of profiling:
As defined under privacy laws, Adyen may profile customers to determine their eligibility for certain financial products, or to offer them certain financial services. Please note that opting-out of profiling will mean that you are no longer eligible for these financial products or services.
Right to correct your personal data:
You may have the right to update inaccurate information that we process about you.
Right to exercise rights without discrimination
: You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise the rights conferred to you by applicable privacy laws.
These rights may be limited under applicable laws, and are also subject to technical feasibility. For example, if we collect your personal data in our role as a service provider to one of our customers, you will need to contact that customer directly to exercise your rights.
Please note that we may require additional information from you to verify your identity and process your request. Alternatively, you can submit a request through an authorized representative using the contact methods described below. If you use an authorized representative, we may require a copy of their signed permission to act on your behalf. We may also need to verify your identity directly and ask you to confirm the representative’s authority.
To exercise your rights, your information will be disclosed to our privacy management third-party service provider. Please be informed that Adyen has implemented the appropriate safeguards to ensure your information is adequately protected.
Some of the information you send us may be disclosed to other Adyen group companies outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). These countries encompass the countries in which we have operations (you can find a full list
here
).
If you are a resident in Quebec, some of the information you send us may be disclosed to Adyen group companies outside of Quebec.
To protect your data when it is transferred to countries outside of the EEA, we have implemented appropriate safeguards. When we transfer data to our Adyen group companies, the transfers are protected by an intragroup agreement containing Standard Contractual Clauses. For transfers to our services providers located outside of the EEA, we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses. If you would like to know more about these safeguards, you can contact us using the details below, under “Contact us”.
We use third parties to offer you our website, as well as our products and services. Where necessary, we will disclose your information to our service providers and professional advisers (e.g. IT providers, KYC partners, CRM providers, marketing support providers (such as agencies that manage our social media accounts), social media providers such as LinkedIn, analysts, customer service providers, business development providers and legal service providers). We have established agreements with our service providers to protect your personal data.
If our business is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers, and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
We may disclose information to third parties in connection with legal claims, or when we have a legal obligation to do so. We may also disclose information with your permission (such as if we wish to disclose your details with another group company for their recruitment purposes).
The table below provides a summary of the categories of personal data that we collect and disclose to service providers and other third parties.
Name, date of birth, contact information, bank account number, tax identification number, nationality and national identification number, and job title, including biometric data. Birth certificates for parents or guardians of minors (children ages 13-17).
When you sign up for Adyen services. We are legally obliged to collect this information.
Adyen discloses this information to identity and verify providers and screening partners, including credit reference agencies, and may disclose this information to regulatory authorities upon request or for mandated reporting. Adyen may disclose this information to payment schemes, local payment providers, debt collecting agencies, and other third-party service providers, depending on the services acquired. Adyen may also make such information available to Platform customers you have signed up with.
Your name, business email, phone number, company name, and website.
When you fill out our sales form and when we  communicate with you. Adyen collects this information for marketing purposes, and for providing our products and services.
Adyen discloses this information with our customer relationship management (“CRM”) service providers so they can reach out and further build a relationship.
Name, bank account numbers and credit card numbers.
When you sign up for Adyen services. Adyen is legally obliged to collect this information, and it also helps us to provide our products and services.
Adyen discloses this information with customers for our embedded financial products, card printing partners for our  Issuing product, and with law enforcement agencies in compliance with legal orders.
Credit card details, debit card details, transaction amount, date and time of transaction.
When you purchase a good  or a service from an Adyen customer. Adyen collects this information for the purpose of providing our products and services.
Adyen discloses this information to our customers in our Customer Area, to authorities pursuant to legal orders, and to the selected payment schemes, such as Visa and Mastercard, and local payment methods upon request. Adyen may disclose this information to regulatory authorities upon request or for mandated reporting.
Cookies
When you visit Adyen’s website. Adyen collects this information for marketing purposes.
Adyen discloses this information to IT providers, CRM providers, social media providers, and advertising networks for its own advertising purposes.
Social Security number, driver’s license, or identification document, and passport.
When you sign up for Adyen services. Adyen is legally obliged to collect this information.
Adyen discloses this information to identity verification providers, including credit reference agencies, to tax authorities as legally required, and regulatory authorities upon request or for mandated reporting.
Adyen does not use or disclose this sensitive personal information for any other purpose.
Adyen does not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal data of individuals under 16 years of age.
We reserve the right to use de-identified or aggregated data for any purpose without limitation, and we will not attempt to re-identify the information.
We will only keep your data for as long as we reasonably need to for the purposes listed above, or as otherwise required by law.
Questions, comments, requests, or complaints concerning this privacy statement or the way we process your personal data are welcomed and can be addressed to our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@adyen.com
or  Simon Carmiggeltstraat 5-60, 1011 DJ Amsterdam, the Netherlands, or to
lgpd@adyen.com
if you are located in Brazil.
If you would like further details on any of the third parties your personal data is “sold” to or “shared” with, would like to know the purpose of their data processing, the manner in which data is processed, or how you can communicate with such third party to exercise your data privacy rights, please contact
dpo@adyen.com
, or
lgpd@adyen.com
if you are located in Brazil.
If you have a complaint about the way we handle your personal data, you also have the right to address this to the data protection authority of the country in which you live or work, or the country in which we are located.
Learn more
Transaction
Compliance obligations
Embedded financial products
Security
Marketing
Website
Other
Cookie Policy
You can read more about how we use cookies, how we share your data with our partners, and how you can change your settings on our Cookie Policy. To learn what personal information we collect about you, the purpose we process your data for, and how you can opt-out of the sales or sharing of your personal information, please see our
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Cookie Preference Center
When you visit our website, we may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to do. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Social Media Cookies
We only place social media cookies if you have given us your permission to do this. Social Media cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make our content and advertising as relevant to you and your interests as possible. These cookies are also used to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns by tracking the number of clicks. The cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks. They remember the websites you visit and use this information to give you access to interesting and exciting content on our website and to show you more personalized adverts when you visit other websites. These cookies also help improve your browsing experience, for example by helping to prevent the same advertisement from reappearing to you. Additionally, social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter can use cookies to see if you are logged in and allow you to "like" content or forward it to your friends. Depending on your settings, these third parties may use your information for their own purposes, such as advertising. If you would like to know more how these social media platforms use data, please refer to the privacy notices of these platforms.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label