Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: June 19, 2022
Games for Friends LLC (“we,” “our,” and/or “us”) value the privacy of individuals who use our website, mobile applications (“Apps”), and related services (collectively, our “Services”). This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information from users of our Services (“Users”) to improve the gaming experience. By using our Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes. Beyond this Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is subject to our Terms of Service.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below. If you do not provide your information as requested, you may not be able to use our Services if that information is necessary to provide our Services or we are legally required to collect it.
Information You Provide to Us.
Registration and Profile Information
. If you link our Services to a third party account, such as a Game Center, Google Play, or Facebook account, we may receive information about you from these third party services such as your email address, profile information, and friends list. If you wish to limit the information these third parties make available to us, we encourage you to visit the privacy settings for those third party accounts to learn about your options.
Payment Information
. All purchases are handled by App store platforms such as Apple and Google. Outside of a payment receipt, which we receive for refund purposes and includes the date of purchase, the item purchased, and an anonymous identification number, we do not collect any payment information.
Communications
. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, if you contact our customer support team, we will receive your name, email address, device identifiers, phone manufacturer, operating system version (e.g., iOS or Android) the contents of the message and any attachments you may send to us, and any other information you choose to provide. If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will collect certain information from you such as your email address. When we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.
Information We Collect When You Use Our Services.
Location Information
. When you use our Services, we infer your general location information based on technical information such as your internet protocol (IP) address, which may indicate your more general geographic region.
Device Information
. We automatically collect certain technical information about the device and software you use to access our Services, including your IP address, operating system version (e.g., iOS, Android), web browser type, phone manufacturer, device identifiers, media access control (MAC) address, and push notification tokens.
Your Contacts
. If you give us permission to import your contacts from a third party account you link to our Services, such as your Game Center, Google Play, or Facebook account, we may access and store names and contact information from your address book to facilitate invitations and social interactions that you initiate through our Services and for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of consent or collection. We also collect your contacts if you invite them to use our Services or share information or content with them from our Services.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies
. We and third party partners collect information using cookies, pixels, or similar technologies. Our third party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Services. Please review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from our Services, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
Information We Receive from Third Parties.
Other Third Parties
. We may receive additional information about you, such as demographic data, from third parties such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we have about you.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information we collect:
To provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our Services;
To personalize your experience on our Services such as by providing tailored content and recommendations;
To understand and analyze how you use our Services and develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
To communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information relating to our Services, provide you with information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
To facilitate the connection of third party services or applications, such as social networks and gaming apps;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you;
To send you text messages and push notifications;
To facilitate transactions and payments;
To find and prevent fraud and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Affiliates
. We may share any information we receive with our affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Vendors and Service Providers
. We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services.
User Content
. Our Services are social services in which you can find, enjoy, and share content. If you choose to share content, like the games you’re playing, with other Users, your username will be viewable by those Users. We are not responsible for the other users’ use of available information, so you should carefully consider whether and what to post or how you identify yourself on the Service.
Third Party App Integrations
. If you connect a third party application to our Services, we may share information     such as your device identifier with that third party.
Social Networks and Other Online Services
. The Service allows you to, upon your direction, share information with     social networking services, such as Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. You understand and agree that the use of your     information by any social networking websites will be governed by the privacy policies of these third party     platforms and your settings on that platform. We encourage you to review their privacy policies.
Marketing
. We may share information about you with third parties that is in an aggregate or de-identified form that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Analytics Partners
. We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect information regarding your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt-out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Advertising Partners
. We work with third party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. These advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on our Services and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they may collect over time and across different online services. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
or the Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
If you do not wish to receive personalized ads, please visit their opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of receiving web-based personalized ads from member companies. You can access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking, or you can install the AppChoices mobile app to learn more about how you may opt out of personalized ads in mobile apps.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures
. We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through our Services.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
. We may transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets. The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time the applicable information was collected.
Consent
. We may also disclose your information with your permission.
THIRD PARTIES
Our Services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your interaction with these third parties and any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
SECURITY
We make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. However, because our Services are hosted electronically, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.
CHILDREN
No part of our Services is directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at
support@gamesforfriends.org
.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
Our Services are hosted in the United States and intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use our Services from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating our Services. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to our Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
ACCESSING/UPDATING INFORMATION
You can update your account and profile information through your profile settings. If you have any questions about your privacy on our Services or as described in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@gamesforfriends.org
.
DELETING/RESTRICTING INFORMATION
You can request the deletion of your personal information by submitting a request to
support@gamesforfriends.org
. You can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information by submitting a request to
support@gamesforfriends.org
. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time by submitting a request to
support@gamesforfriends.org
.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Games for Friends LLC are responsible for processing your information. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at
support@gamesforfriends.org
or write to us at PO Box 50625 Bellevue, WA 98015.
We also work with third party service providers who may also collect persistent identifiers through the Services. A list of third parties is provided below.
List of Third Party Sites:
Localytics
Tenjin
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語