Cash Flow Planner Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the Cash Flow Planner app (the 'app').
Information we collect
Your personal information is not directly transferred to us when you use the app.
Synchronization
The app may upload your personal information to servers operated by Apple Inc. for the purpose of facilitating the 'iCloud sync' feature explained in the app. This transfer of personal information is out of the scope of this privacy policy.
Analytics
The app may collect aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve the app.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
            We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish the app's functionality. We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties.
            We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
            In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Accessing, changing, or deleting your information
We have no way of accessing, changing or deleting your information stored by the app on your device or on servers operated by Apple Inc. Accessing, changing or deleting this information is out of the scope of this privacy policy.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Information for European Union Customers
By using the app and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using the app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email support@wegenerlabs.com.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Summary of changes so far: September 30, 2018: First published.