Privacy Policy
Responsible body in the sense of the data protection laws, in particular the EU data protection basic regulation (DSGVO), is:
Florian Holtorf, Op'n Dörp 2a, 24217 Barsbek
Your Affected Rights
You can always exercise the following rights under the contact details of our data protection officer:
Information about your stored data and their processing (Art. 15 GDPR),
Correction of incorrect personal data (Art. 16 GDPR),
Deletion of your stored data (Art. 17 GDPR),
Restriction of data processing, if we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR),
Objection to the processing of your data with us (Article 21 GDPR) and
Data portability, provided that you have consented to the data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Article 20 GDPR).
If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with effect for the future.
You can contact a regulatory authority at any time with a complaint, such as: For example, to the competent supervisory authority of the federal state of your domicile or to the authority responsible for us as the responsible authority.
A list of the non-public-sector supervisory authorities with address can be found at:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
.
Provision of chargeable services
Nature and purpose of processing:
To provide paid services, we request additional data, such as: Payment details to complete your order.
Legal basis:
The processing of the data required for the conclusion of the contract is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
To:
Recipients of the data may be processors.
Storage duration:
We store this data in our systems until the legal retention periods have expired. These are generally 6 or 10 years for reasons of proper accounting and tax requirements.
Provision required or required:
The provision of your personal data is voluntary. Without the provision of your personal data, we can not grant you access to our content and services.
Change our privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy to always comply with the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the privacy policy, e.g. when introducing new services. Your new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.
Questions to the Data Protection Officer
If you have any privacy concerns, please email us or contact the person responsible for data protection in our organization directly:
info@drink-it-drinking-game.com