Influencers’
Best Kept Secret
Enhance your photos with Lensa AI: one-tap retouch, wipe out distractions, apply trendy filters and effects, and
      create unique AI avatars. Elevate your social media effortlessly!
TRY NOW
Face retouch
Your beauty, amplified
Our AI photo retouching offers professional-quality image retouch, and self-portrait enhancements. Retouch old
        photos effortlessly, with no manual selection needed. Perfect for achieving flawless skin and stunning
        portraits.
🤓 Professional quality
🔥 Apply in one tap
🤖 No manual selection
👸 No blurred skin
🎥 Works for photo and video
TRY NOW
Object remover
Remove any unwanted objects from your photos
Swiftly wipe out distractions from your photos! Whether you need to delete people from a photo, erase objects,
        or remove tiny dust specks, our advanced editing tools have you covered. You can also use Lensa to remove or
        replace background in one tap with AI.
🧽 Remove any object
⚡️ Remove or replace background in one tap
😃 Works on large and small objects
TRY NOW
Filters
Trendy photo filters & effects for social media
Lensa offers perfect filters and effects for every mood: Black and White for drama, Minimalistic and facial
        filters for a natural retouch, and Old Money and Film effects to stand out on social media. Elevate your photos
        with trendy presets like grain and ISO, light leaks, optical distortions, and VHS effects. Transform your
        pictures into AI artwork with cartoonify filters or by applying painting effects.
TRY NOW
Background blur
Make your photos stand out by blurring the background
Lensa's blur effects make your photos look professional with a single tap! Grab attention by adding a cinematic
        blurred background. Easily adjust the background blur area and choose the perfect blur filter to make your
        photos's subject stand out. Add a magical touch to your photos with bokeh lights in various colors and
        intensities.
TRY NOW
Magic Avatars
Find out how AI sees you
Be the star of your digital world! Craft standout avatars with the might of cutting-edge AI, making your virtual
        self truly unique.
“It is cool! It’s fun to see yourself rendered as a painting or an anime character or a little woodland elf with
        eyes of two very different sizes and only one hand, even if you have two IRL.”
— The New York Times
TRY NOW
Make your photos glow with
Lensa’s AI powered tools
Hollywood
Make Up
Charm
Magic Retouch
Make your photos glow with
Lensa’s AI powered tools
Before
After
Before
After
Before
After
Before
After
Hollywood
Make Up
Charm
Magic Retouch
Loved by Celebrities
Join Millions
of Lensa fans
Rocketing through the stratosphere with
880,000+
blazing five-star ratings!
Join now
FAQ
What makes Lensa the best choice among other photo editors?
Lensa stands out as one of the best photo editing apps, thanks to its powerful AI-based tools. Lensa can easily perform AI Photo Correction and AI Photo Enhancement, using features like Hollywood, Magic Retouch and Smart Adjust. With these advanced features creating stunning images becomes effortless. Additionally, Lensa offers a vast collection of trendy photo filters, effects, and Magic Avatars.
Does Lensa have an online photo editor?
For now Lensa is a mobile only app and does not have an online photo editor. You can download Lensa AI Photo Editor from Appstore or Google Play.
Is Lensa’s photo editor free?
Lensa provides a blend of free tools and premium features accessible with Pro subscription. Start a 7-day free trial to enjoy unlimited access to AI photo retouching tools.
Can I use Lensa as AI headshot generator?
Absolutely! You can generate AI headshots using Lensa's Magic Avatars. Simply upload your photos and let the AI work its magic. You can choose from styles like Business, Office Siren, Old Money, and Butter Yellow. You can also use Magic Avatars as your personal AI portrait maker, with styles suited for different occasions and moods.
Transform your photos
with ease
At Lensa, our mission is to redefine the photo editing experience with our advanced AI technologies. We aim to be
      one of the best photo editing apps for photo enthusiasts, creators, and professional photographers. Effortlessly
      highlight your best self with Lensa AI Photo Editor. Experience Lensa's intuitive features: Magic Retouch and
      Hollywood for AI photo correction and enhancement, Magic Avatars for AI headshot generation, and a vast collection
      of photo filters and effects to stand out on social media. Join us in making photo editing smarter, faster, and
      easier with Lensa!
Lensa AI is available on Google Play
Install
Lensa.app uses cookies to offer you better experience
Preferences
Accept Cookies
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Sale of Personal Data
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.
If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.
Performance Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label