IDnow GmbH – Privacy Statement for Identity Verification via Web or Mobile App
1. Introduction
IDnow GmbH (“IDnow”) provides an identity verification platform that can be used to verify identity
            documents (especially passports, identity cards and driving licences) and match them to a person.
            IDnow offers this service to its business partners, such as banks, financial institutes, insurance
            companies, online platforms, car sharing providers, hire car providers and entertainment platform
            operators (“partners”), who have to carry out such verification measures to comply with legal
            requirements (e.g. Money Laundering Act and Road Transport Law) or to increase security with
            regard to their users’ identity.
2. Purpose / Legal Basis
When verifying a user’s identity, IDnow acts as a “processor”, as defined in Art. 4 No. 8 of the
            General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This means the verification is carried out on behalf of the
            respective partner and IDnow acts exclusively on the partner’s instructions. The respective partner
            also decides which data is to be collected during the verification process and how this is to be
            processed by IDnow.
IDnow processes the data on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR in accordance with the contractual
            agreements made with the respective partner. All data collected by IDnow is only used to verify
            identity documents and/or identify the user. The data will only be used for other purposes with the
            user’s explicit consent.
3. Scope of the Data
Some of the personal data required for verification is collected by the respective partner and
            forwarded to IDnow to initiate the process, or it is entered by the user on the IDnow website or app.
The scope of the personal data varies depending on the purpose and legal basis of the verification
            carried out for the partner. Due to legal requirements, for example, more information is required to
            open a bank account than a simple age verification. During the verification process, photographs and
            recordings are taken of the user and his/her identity documents.
IDnow therefore collects all personal data contained in the identity documents used for verification.
            Depending on the instructions issued by the partner, further data may also be processed during the
            verification process, such as email addresses and phone numbers. However, the extent of the data
            collected by IDnow generally does not exceed the scope described here.
Before each verification process, the partner (and sometimes IDnow) informs the user about the data
            that will be collected by IDnow and transmitted to the partner. This information can be found in
            the general terms and conditions of IDnow and/or the general terms and conditions and the privacy
            statement of the partner for whom the verification is to be carried out.
If a user’s identity is to be verified in the IDnow app, IDnow will require access to his/her microphone
            and camera. This also includes access to the camera light, which is activated to increase the visibility
            of the holograms contained in identity documents. The verification and recording of these security
            features is absolutely necessary to ensure the successful identification of the user and comply with
            regulatory requirements, such as those issued by the financial supervisory authorities.
Before the actual identification process, each user is informed that the app requires access to his/her
            microphone and camera, and the user must explicitly allow access to both. IDnow will only collect
            the data recorded by the camera and microphone during the identification process, as well as some
            general non-personal data about the device for diagnostic purposes. At no point will IDnow gain
            access to the data and pictures saved on smartphones or tablets.
4. Identification via eID
For the verification via eID, IDnow uses a service provider in accordance with § 2 (3) German Identiy 
			Card Act, authorised by the Federal Administrative Office to request data by way of electronic proof 
			of identity within the meaning of § 21 of the German Identity Card Act to carry out the electronic 
			proof of identity. Such service provider currently being AUTHADA GmbH (Julius-Reiber-Straße 15a, 
			64293 Darmstadt, Germany, e-mail: info@authada.de, telephone number: 06151 - 2752 500), which also 
			provides the necessary autonomous functionalities within the app and carries this out independently 
			in accordance with legal requirements.
The identification service integrated into the app uses the NFC function of the user's mobile device to communicate with the chip of the user's German electronic identity card and to read and transmit the identification data required for electronic proof of identity. To carry out the proof of identity, the user must follow the instructions in the app and hold his German electronic identity card to his mobile device.
In order for identification data to be transmitted and for the governmental authorization to read the chip to be verified, the user must enter his PIN when prompted. If the user has not yet changed his so-called transport PIN, he will be prompted to do so in the app in order to be able to continue the proof of identity.
At no time will the PIN, transport PIN or card data be stored in the app itself.
The data obtained by the identification service is transmitted to IDnow and deleted from the servers of the service provider immediately after transmission.
5. Disclosure to Third Parties
IDnow uses third-party companies for the verification process, especially call centres, data centres and for the service eID a service provider authorised by the Federal Administrative Office (Bundesverwaltungsamt). These third-party companies are either based in Germany or a Member State of the European Union.
Once the identification process is complete, the data collected and processed in an identification will be transmitted to the partner or made accessible to the partner for retrieval on the systems provided by IDnow. The scope of the transmitted data depends on the contractual agreements established between the partner and IDnow; it may include the verification process or merely confirmation of a successful verification.
When using the service eSign the data will be also forwarded to a Trust Service Provider (TSP) for generating a qualified electronic signature (QES) according to the eIDas regulation.
6. Storage Period
As IDnow processes the data collected during the identification process on behalf of the partner, the
            storage period is determined by the instructions issued by each partner. However, the data is usually
            deleted from the IDnow servers after 90 days, unless the partner requests an earlier deletion.
If the identification is cancelled or inconclusive, the data collected directly through the verification
            process will be automatically deleted after 7 days the latest. Irrespective of the above, the partner may have transmitted
            other personal data to IDnow for the initiation of the process. This data will also be deleted after the
            period that has been contractually agreed with the partner (usually 90 days).
On the other hand, this data may be stored by the partner for a different length of time to comply
            with statutory retention periods (e.g. those stipulated in the Money Laundering Act). Please refer to
            the respective partner’s privacy statement for more information on the scope of the stored data and
            the storage period.
7. Data Security
Information on data security can be found
here
.
8. Rights of Data Subjects
In accordance with Art. 12 to 22 GDPR, data subjects are fully entitled to request access to their
            personal data and request the rectification, restriction and erasure of the same.
As IDnow carries out identification as a processor on behalf of each partner (Art. 4 No. 8 GDPR) and
            acts exclusively on the latter’s instructions, IDnow is not legally permitted to honour the rights of
            data subjects without the partner’s approval or instructions in such cases (Art. 28 GDPR).
IDnow will fully and immediately assist the partner in honouring the rights of data subjects as
            soon as it is instructed to do so.
9. Contacts
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact our
customer service team
.
            Additional contact details can be found in our
imprint
.
Status: June 2020