Privacy policy
Doro Privacy policy
It is important to Doro that everyone using Doro products and services, communicating with Doro or visiting the Doro web feel safe in how we manage the information, including personal data, that may be collected in the interaction. In this policy, Doro aims to explain what data we collect, how it is collected and how the data is used as well as how users and website visitors can refuse that some of the data is collected and contact us to remove collected data.
To improve products, services and communication, as in this policy, your feedback is needed. Doro encourages feedback and suggestions on how we can improve our communication, products and services to be clearer and better correspond to the needs of users and website visitors.
To improve products, services and communication, as in this policy, your feedback is needed. Doro encourages feedback and suggestions on how we can improve our communication, products and services to be clearer and better correspond to the needs of users and website visitors.
1. WHAT DOES DORO MEAN WHEN USING CERTAIN TERMINOLOGY?
1.1. Personal information is information that can be used directly or indirectly to identify or contact an individual. For example, you can be identified by your name, address, and phone number, but you can sometimes also be identified by providing information about your family or similar information. Personal information may also be information about your health. Information about your health is considered
sensitive
and is therefore treated with more care.
1.2. Processing is everything Doro does with the information we have about you. It includes that we collect the information, transfer it and save it to be analysed or to improve our services.
1.3. Personal Data Controller is the person responsible for ensuring that your information is properly protected and processed correctly. Doro is responsible for all the information we treat and have about you. However, Doro is not responsible for any information you provide, for example, in a app on your phone unless we have developed the app. The reason for this is that we do not own the app and thus cannot determine what personal information it collects.
1.4.Third party is an individual, company or agency that is not part of Doro and we do not have a business relationship with. It is someone outside the company.
1.5. “Cookies” are small pieces of information (text files) that a website sends to your the hard drive of the device you use to view the website. These text files can be used by websites to make the users experience more efficient. The law states that we can store these cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
2. YOUR RIGHTS
2.1. Your rights are:
a. right of access - means that you are entitled to know what information Doro processes relating to you, how we collect it, if we have shared it with someone else and how long we intend to save it. You can access this information by contacting customer support or by sending an email to
gdpr@doro.com
. Doro may deny a request that is repetitive, compromises the privacy of others, or concerns access that may not be given due to law.
b. right of rectification - means that if Doro has incorrect information about you or if you want to supplement these, we will correct the information or add the required and correct information.
c. the right to withdraw your consent - means that you have the right to revoke a consent you have given. Doro will then cease processing the current information if there is no other legal basis which entitles us to continue the processing. We will inform you accordingly.
d. right to object - means that if you consider Doro processing personal information incorrectly or unnecessarily you may object to the treatment.
e. the right to request confiscation - means that if you think Doro is processing your personal information incorrectly, we will limit the processing of your data while investigation is performed. Under the period of limitation we may only store your information. Doro informs you about the findings of such an investigation.
f. the right to delete - means that you can get all your personal information deleted from our system if we do not have a legal reason that allows us to continue processing your personal information. We will inform you if this is the case.
g. Data Portability - means that you have the right to have a copy of your data transferred to someone else. Doro carries out the transfer as long as the data is stored digitally by us and it is technically possible. Alternatively you will get a readable register that you can transfer on your own.
3. HOW DOES DORO COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?
3.1. When you contact us or use some of our services, you provide information directly to us and we may ask you to provide your name or other personal information. For example, if you create an account in one of our apps, buy a product, download a software update, or apply for a job position with us or is employed.
3.2. information may be necessary for us to complete your case. Your information will  be processed in accordance with this privacy policy. You are not obliged in any way to give Doro the information we ask for, but if you do not provide the relevant and the requested information, Doro may not be able to give you needed support or that you cannot fully understand or use the products or services that Doro provides because we cannot supply or offer the product or service to the fullest extent.
3.3. Our partners can sometimes combine Doro´s available information about you with information they have about you to give you access to products, services or content.
4. WHAT INFORMATION DOES DORO COLLECT?
4.1. Doro strives not to collect more information about you than necessary. If you contact us, you usually provide us with your name, phone number and / or e-mail address to enable us to contact you. When you make purchases via our website, we also ask for your shipping / billing address and, if applicable, your credit card details to be able to complete the order.
4.2. Information such as your name, contact details, and address is collected if you participate in a draw, a contest or similar campaign. We use the information to contact the winner to be able to deliver the winning price, but also to administer the campaign.
4.3. Through some of our services and apps, you can share content or alert family and friends. When using such service and app Doro  may collect and store name and contact information of persons that have been invited to the same care circle. This information is shared with all invited persons in the care circle. The care circle includes the senior and his or her invited responders. The data is stored in our system as long as you keep the service active.
The user may choose to use the phone’s contact list to fetch name and contact information for the selected contact.
Your phone location information may be used for certain location based services and may be shared with responders in your care circle. This is for example providing your location when using the security button on your Doro device.
4.4. In addition to the information described above, we may also collect the following information through the use of our services and applications:
a. information about your Doro product model and other device identifiers that are unique to you. This could be your IP address operating system version, and settings on the device you used when you signed up or your device used for a certain service so that you can benefit from the service,
b. log information that tells when and for how long you used a service, what you searched for when using the service, as well as the information stored in cookies we have placed on your device in order to offer and provide you with content that is appropriate to you and for giving you recommendations based on your interests and previously use of our services,
c. information about your usage of programs or websites and what content in a service you use. This information may be used to create, develop, deliver and operate our products and services, our content and our promotion forward, but also to prevent data loss and fraud prevention,
d. information for internal purposes such as audit, data analysis or research so that we can improve Doros products, services and our communication with you as customers
4.5. Using Doro Analytics, Doro collects your email address and data about your phone usage, such as what apps you use and how. This data is anonymous and helps us improve our services. You may approve if you want to provide this information and / or receive offers and tips on Doro services or products.
4.6. Doro can also collect other information about you and your device, such as how to use our services and your preferences. Doro always informs you and asks for your consent before such processing takes place.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
4.7 Doro may use cookies, web signals or other technologies in our services. Cookies are small files that save information on your mobile, computer, TV or other device and recognize you on different websites, services, devices, and / or browser sessions. They can also send information to us. Cookies serve many important purposes such as;
a. remembering your login information so that you do not need to log in every time you use a service,
b. helps us, and our partners, to understand what parts of our services you visit, what features you use and how long you use them. By studying the information we can then tailor the services and give you a better experience,
c. helps us, and our partners, to understand what ads you've seen, and
d. helps us and third parties to provide you with relevant content and relevant ads by collecting information about using our services and other websites and programs.
4.8. In your browser you can find information that a cookie has been sent / saved on your device and remove saved cookies. You will find information how see what cookies are saved and how to delete them through the "Help" menu in your browser.
4.9. Doro always informs you and ask for your permission where if we use cookies. On our website we use the following types of cookies:
a. Strictly Required Cookies - These are needed to use our website. For example, if you compare two products, the cookie remembers which products you have compared.
b. Functionality Cookies - These we use to remember your username, password, language or region and give you a more personal experience of our website. These cookies are also used by service providers who have / displays their services on our website.
c. Custom Cookies - These cookies stores your visit, the sections of our website you have visited, and the links you have printed. These can also be placed on your third party device, which then offers you advertising that is relevant to you. For example, you can see advertising for our products when you visit other websites. This cookie can also limit how many times you see an ad, measure how effective it is and show how you move between different websites.
4.10. Some of the above-mentioned cookies may be placed on Doro's third-party website, but only after our approval. For example, these parties may be Facebook, Twitter, or YouTube. Third parties either provide information to us or offer services and individualization to you.
4.11. Doro, as well as some third parties, may use other local storage technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (also called "flash cookies") and HTML5 local storage, in conjunction with our services. These techniques are similar to the cookies described above so that they are stored on your device and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences. However, these techniques, compared to regular cookies, may use different parts of your device, so you may not be able to control them with the default browser tools and settings.
4.12. Doro, as well as some third parties, may also use techniques called web signals (or "pixels") that forward information from your device to a server. Web signals may be embedded in content online, videos and emails, and may allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when you have viewed specific content or a special email, set the time and date you watched the web signal and your device's IP address. We as well as some third parties use web signals for a variety of purposes, including analysing how you use our services and (along with cookies) provide content and ads that are more relevant to you.
SOCIAL NETWORK AND PLUG IN MODULES
4.13. Doro services use plug-in modules for social networks ("plug-ins"). This means that if you are using a plug-in service, information from your device may be transferred to the social network if you are logged in to this. Information may be transmitted when using the service or if you interact by "Like" or "Share" content. The plug-in module can transfer your IP address to the social media even when you are not logged in.
4.14. The most common social network operators that handle plug-ins used in Doro's services include, but are not limited to, Facebook, Google+, and Twitter. If you use these social networks but do not want information between the network and our services to be linked, you should log out of the social network before using our services.
5. HOW DO DORO USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5.1. Doro may use your contact information to send you notifications regarding changes to our terms and conditions, policies or information about a purchase you have made from us. Doro may contact you for feedback regarding our products and services. This information is vital to us to continuously improve our offering. The feedback you provide when answering these requests is not possible to trace to you, unless you provide your personal information in free text answers.You cannot opt-out of receiving these messages because they are necessary to provide our services properly.
5.2. Doro can further inform you about our latest products, software updates, promotions or upcoming events using your contact information only with your consent. Should you no longer wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe from these messages at any time by following the instructions in the email you have received or contact us via
gdpr@doro.com
or via our customer service.
5.3. Doro may further use your information for internal records or to combine information that we have collected from you and use it upon further agreement from you.
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
6.1. Doro shares your personal information only when necessary to provide or improve a product, service, or fulfil an agreement. Third parties may not access your information for marketing or business purposes without your consent.
6.2. Doro may, if necessary, share your information with:
a. Subsidiaries to us,
b. Affiliates who are trusted and who can process your information to provide services that you request.
c. Service Providers providing services to us or providing services on our behalf. Companies that for example helps us invoice, sends email, delivers products to you, manages and improves customer data, and in some cases customer support are some examples. These companies may only use your information to provide the service and are required to protect your personal data. A service provider can operate wherever Doro operates.
6.3. Doro may in some cases have a legal obligation to disclose personal information about you to the authorities. This may be the case if there is a court decision, if it is necessary with regard to national security, to maintain law and order, if it is in the public interest or if it is necessary to protect our business and other users.
6.4. When you purchase and activate one of our mobile phones, you agree that Doro and your operator exchange the information you provide upon activation which is required to provide our services. Your account is also governed by your operator's privacy policy in this sense.
6.5. Doro, our partners and our licensees can collect, use and share accurate data about your location to provide and improve location-based services that provide real-time information about your mobile phone's geographic location. These services may use technologies such as GPS, Bluetooth, your IP address, nearby WiFi hotspots, mobile phone masts or other technology to determine the location. This data is anonymous and does not identify you personally if you have not specifically consented to this. You can usually choose if an app or service should have access to your geographical location or not.
6.6. Doro maintains the right to share your information with relevant parties during a reorganization, merger or sale. You can also consent to Doro sharing your information with more recipients than those specified in this policy.
7. HOW DOES DORO MAKE SURE YOUR INFORMATION IS SECURED?
7.1. Doro ensures that your personal information is secure by communicating our privacy and security guidelines to all our employees and maintains a high level of security throughout the company. We take both physical and technical measures to protect the personal data we process. However, please note that no webpage, internet transfer, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
7.2. To the extent possible Doro protect your personal information with encryption upon transmission. Furthermore, your information is stored on computer systems housed in limited access facilities using physical security measures. However, we have no possibility and are cannot be held responsible for information you provide in chat forums or social media, so think about what information you choose to share in these cases.
7.3. Doro takes reasonable steps to ensure that we only keep information about you only for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which they were collected or the storage is required to comply with statutory legal obligations.
7.4. Doro does not transfer your information outside the EU or the European Economic Area (EEA), so-called third countries, unless the transfer can be made in accordance with applicable law.
8. LINKS AND PRODUCTS FROM A THIRD PARTY IN OUR SERVICES
8.1. Doro's services may occasionally link to third party websites and services or display products and services available in third-party applications. Doro is not responsible for the security, personal data processing or privacy of these websites, services or products.
8.2. When using third party products and services, they may collect personal information about you. Doro is not responsible for such treatment and you must turn directly to third parties to exercise your personal data protection rights.
9. INTERNATIONAL USERS
9.1. Units worldwide can transfer or access any information you provide as described in this privacy policy. Personal data related to Doro's services, regarding persons living in a member state in the EEA and in Switzerland, are controlled and managed by Doro. As a global company, Doro has a number of legal entities in different jurisdictions that are responsible for the personal information they collect and process on Doro’s behalf.
10. CONTACT US
10.1. If you have any questions or concerns about Doro's privacy policy or data processing policy or if you would like to file a complaint about our processing of your personal information, please contact us via
gdpr@doro.com
. You can always call us at the Doro support number for your country. On all such communications, answers will be given as soon as possible. If you are not satisfied with the response you received, you may submit your complaint to the relevant regulatory authority in your country. In Sweden this is the Data Inspection Authority.
11. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
11.1. Doro does not knowingly collect personal data from or about children (aged 13 and under) without the consent of a parent or guardian, and Doro does not market its products or services to children. If Doro becomes aware that the person submitting personal data, through any part of Doro’s websites, is a child, Doro will use reasonable efforts to delete that personal data from its files as soon as possible. Doro will also use reasonable efforts to ensure that this personal data is not used for any purpose, nor disclosed to any third party. As Doro does not seek to collect any personal data about children, and Doro deletes any data collected inadvertently as soon as it is discovered, Doro retains no data about children that could be reviewed or deleted. If a guardian requests review or deletion of data about their child before Doro has discovered and deleted the data, then Doro will of course honor that request.
11.2. A child is definded as person with the age of 13 years or younger according to Swedish national law a. In other member states national law may apply that defines children or adults as a person within other age intervals.
12. Audience analysis
This website uses Matomo, a free software that allows you to measure and analyze site traffic in order to improve it. Although the data is anonymized, if you do not want cookies to be installed on your browser, you can deactivate their installation by unchecking the box below.
You may choose to prevent this website from aggregating and analyzing the actions you take here. Doing so will protect your privacy, but will also prevent the owner from learning from your actions and creating a better experience for you and other users.
You are not opted out. Uncheck this box to opt-out.
Copyright © 2025 Doro AB. All rights reserved