3WAY PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to 3way's Privacy Policy. Thank you for taking the time to read it. At 3way, your privacy is a top priority. Your privacy is at the core of the way we design and build the services and products you know and love, so that you can fully trust them and focus on building meaningful connections.
We appreciate that you trust us with your information and we intend to always keep that trust. This starts with making sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information. This Policy describes our privacy practices in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
It goes without saying, we can't help you develop meaningful connections without some information about you, such as basic profile details and the types of people you'd like to meet. We also collect information generated as you use our services, for example access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social media account. If you want additional info, we go into more detail below.
Information You Give Us
You choose to give us certain information
              when using our services. This includes:
- When you create an account, you provide
              us with at least your login credentials, as well as some basic details
              necessary for the service to work, such as your gender and date of birth.
- When you complete your profile, you can
              share with us additional information, such as details on your personality,
              lifestyle, interests and other details about you, as well as content such as
              photos and videos. To add certain content, like pictures or videos, you may
              allow us to access your camera or photo album. Some of the information you
              choose to provide us may be considered "special" or
              "sensitive" in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or
              ethnic origins, sexual orientation and religious beliefs. By choosing to
              provide this information, you consent to our processing of that information.
- When you subscribe to a paid service or
              make a purchase directly from us (rather than through a platform such as iOS or
              Android), you provide us or our payment service provider with information, such
              as your debit or credit card number or other financial information.
- When you participate in surveys or focus
              groups, you give us your insights into our products and services, responses to
              our questions and testimonials.
- When you choose to participate in our
              promotions, events or contests, we collect the information that you use to
              register or enter.
- If you contact our customer care team, we
              collect the information you give us during the interaction. Sometimes, we
              monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high
              quality of service.
- If you ask us to communicate with or
              otherwise process information of other people (for example, if you ask us to
              send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), we collect the
              information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
- Of course, we also process your chats
              with other users as well as the content you publish, as part of the operation
              of the services.
Information From Other Sources
3way may obtain Personal Information and
              non-personal information about you from the 3way Network and credit card or
              other payment processors, which 3way adds to its account information or other
              information it has collected for management purposes. This information includes
              user preferences, email addresses, user site preferences, and billing
              information.
2. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
3way uses your email address and your other
              Personal Information to operate the website efficiently, to contact you in
              connection with your membership and other activities on the website (including,
              but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect
              your relationship with 3way), and to forward messages to you from other
              members. These types of communications are known as "Operational
              Communications."
To operate website, 3way may share your
              Personal Information with 3way's agents, representatives, contractors and
              service providers so they can provide 3way with support services such as
              authorization of credit card transactions, email origination, receipt or
              support services, and customer relationship management services. 3way requires
              these entities not to use your Personal Information for any other purpose.
Any Third Party (not 3way) with whom you
              permit 3way to share your Personal Information is authorized to use your
              Personal Information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such
              Third Parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which
              3way has no control. You agree that 3way is not responsible or liable for any Third Party actions or omissions. You will need to instruct
              any Third Parties who contact you regarding your preferences for their use of
              your Personal Information.
You agree that your Personal Information
              and Financial Information may be provided to a Third Party in the event of a
              transfer of ownership or assets by 3way or a bankruptcy or to comply with the
              law or to protect the interests or safety of 3way or other visitors to the
              website.
3. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
- With other users
You share information with other users when
              you voluntarily disclose information on the service (including your public
              profile). Please be careful with your information and make sure that the
              content you share is stuff that you're comfortable being publically viewable since neither you nor we can control what others do with your
              information once you share it.
If you choose to limit the audience for all
              or part of your profile or for certain content or information about you, then
              it will be visible according to your settings.
- With our service providers and partners
We use third parties to help us operate and
              improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks,
              including data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, marketing,
              advertising, payment processing and security operations.
We may also share information with partners
              who distribute and assist us in advertising our services. For instance, we may
              share limited information on you in hashed, non-human readable form to
              advertising partners.
We follow a strict vetting process prior to
              engaging any service provider or working with any partner. All of our service
              providers and partners must agree to strict confidentiality obligations.
4. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect you from
              unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your
              personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps
              to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that
              your personal information will always remain secure. We regularly monitor our
              systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our
              information collection, storage and processing practices to update our
              physical, technical and organizational security measures.
We may suspend your use of all or part of
              the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If
              you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify
              us immediately.
5. YOUR RIGHTS
At any time, you may modify Personal
              Information or demographic information you have provided to 3way. Please be
              aware that it may take several hours for the changes you make to take effect on
              the public areas of the website and the 3way database. Thank you for your
              patience. Please note that changing or deleting your information will only
              change or delete the data in the 3way database for purposes of future
              activities on the website and for managing future communications from 3way.
              These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails or information
              that 3way may have already forwarded to other users or credit card companies or
              any other Third Parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy. Further,
              if you delete your information from 3way, but place future orders with 3way,
              you may receive emails from 3way regarding those orders.
6. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Because we're always looking for new and
              innovative ways to help you build meaningful connections, this policy may
              change over time. We will notify you before any material changes take effect so
              that you have time to review the changes.
© Copyright
3way
. All right reserved.
Contact us by support email address: support@3ndr.app