LEGAL NOTICES
This application is edited by MWM, a French simplified joint-stock company (SAS), with a capital of 2098,79 euros, with registered offices at 54, Avenue du Général Leclerc, 92100, Boulogne Billancourt, France, registered in the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under number 513 627 299, Tel: +33 9 82 29 20 98, (hereinafter “
MWM
”)
The Head of Publication is Jean-Baptiste Hironde.
The App is hosted on the Apple App Store, with servers geographically located in data centres in Europe (mostly in Belgium, United Kingdom and Germany), with registered offices at Apple Inc., One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA, and can be contacted through the following link: https://support.apple.com/contact.
TERMS OF USE FOR THE
BEAT SNAP 2
APPLICATION
Last updated:
May 14th, 2021
DEFINITIONS
App:
th
e
Beat Snap 2
app
lication, developed by MWM;
Catalogue:
the page where you can browse all MWM Content made available to you;
MWM Content:
the content owned by MWM that is made available to you through the Catalogue in the conditions set forth in these Terms of Use;
Premium Services:
the paid services offered by MWM on the App, available on subscription;
Services:
the services offered by MWM on the App, as further described in these Terms of Use;
Terms of Use:
the present document called "Terms of Use for the
Beat Snap 2
Application";
User, You:
any App user
;
User Content:
any content created, published, or shared on the App by a User, including but not limited to creations, User profile descriptions and pictures, captions etc.
SCOPE OF APPLICATION
The purpose of the Terms of Use is to define the conditions under which you may use the App, and the Services provided by MWM. It is very important that you carefully read and understand these Terms of Use, because by using
the App’s
functionalities, you acknowledge that you are bound by these Terms of Use and agree to comply with them in their entirety. These Terms of Use prevail over any previous agreement, exchange or arrangement that may have been reached between you and MWM.
MWM reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time, in full or in part. In the event of amendments to the Terms of Use. You can determine the date the latest amendments were made by MWM by checking the “last updated” date given above.
If you reject the amendments made to the Terms of Use, please stop using the App.
You can consult these Terms of Use at any time under the heading “Terms of Use” on our website:
https://musicworldmedia.com/products/beatsnap2/tos
.
SERVICES
Description of the Services
The App is a creative tool that enables you to create
your own beats
or based
on
MWM Content
.
If you subscribe to the Premium Services,
you will have access to all sound and preset Packs.
Price of the Services - Premium Services
The access to the App and to the Services are entirely free of charge, except for the Premium Services.
You may subscribe to the Premium Services directly on the App, through the App Store or Google Play.
The subscriptions we offer are renewed tacitly
w
eekly, monthly or yearly, depending on the subscription you have chosen. If you wish to cancel your subscription, you must do it through Apple
or
Google at least 24 hours before the next invoicing date (see in particular: https://support.apple.com/HT202039). If you cancel your subscription, you will still be able to use the Premium Services features until the expiry of your subscription. All fees paid in advance are acquired by MWM, and you will in no case be refunded pro-rata for the time left on your subscription.
You are informed that MWM reserves the right to change the subscription plans, or adjust their pricing, in any manner and at any time. Any price changes or changes to your subscription plan will take effect after a reasonable notice period.
Unless otherwise allowed through the Apple Store or Google Play, in accordance with article L121-21-8, 13° of the French Consumer Code, you are informed, that when subscribing to the Premium Services, you expressly accept that the performance of the contract begins at the time of your purchase, and waive your right of withdrawal.
The cost of connecting to the Internet, and other fees relating to telecommunications are entirely your own responsibility.
CONNECTION
Access to the App / Downloading
To access the App, you must download it to your smartphone or tablet, via Apple or Google legal downloading platform (
App Store, Google Play
). The download is free.
Minimum age
To
use
the Services:
if you reside in the European Union
: you must be at least 16 years old, or the minimum age required in your country (15 years old in France);
if you reside outside of the European Union
: you must be at least 13 years old, or the minimum age required in your country.
If you are too young to accept the Terms of Use in your country of residence, a parent or legal guardian must approve your
use
o
f
the App and accept these Terms of Use on your behalf.
To purchase Premium Services, you must be at least 18 years old at the time of the purchase.
USER CONTENT
Intellectual Property - License of use to MWM
MWM doesn’t claim ownership of your User Content. Nevertheless, by using the App, you hereby grant to MWM a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, non-sublicensable license to use and reproduce your User Content for the whole world, and for the duration of protection of your User Content by intellectual property rights, for the following purposes: (i) to share your User Content particularly in order for MWM and other Users to use, publish, adapt, modify and create derivative works based on your User Content; and
(ii) to promote the App or more largely, the services offered by, and activities of MWM, by any means, and through any communication channel, known or unknown at this date, in particular any social media, internet website, intranet or extranet, mobile application, email communication, displays and posters, television advertisements, printed press etc.
In this respect, MWM undertakes to make its best efforts to credit
You
whenever it shares your User Content.
Warranties
You declare and guarantee to MWM that:
Your User Content, or any part of it, is a content on which you have all the rights, licenses, consents and approvals required to use and license, as provided for in article 5.1 of the Terms of Use;
Your User Content does not violate rights of third parties including, without limitation, intellectual property rights, performers' rights, privacy or advertising rights, or rights related to confidential information;
Your User Content does not include offensive language, especially of a racial or discriminatory nature;
Your User Content does not to incite violence or advocate terrorism, war crimes or crimes against humanity;
MWM, its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns, and their employees, agents, officers, directors and / or shareholders will not be responsible of your User Content.
In this respect, you warrant MWM and other Users against any disturbances, claims, evictions, remedies or actions of any person on the grounds of the violation of their rights, and that you shall be responsible for all costs and damages that may result from such claims or actions.
Removal
MWM reserves the right to remove your User Content, suspend or terminate your access to the App and / or exercise all legal remedies if MWM believes that any of your User Content violates any of the statements or foregoing warranties, or otherwise violates the rights of another person or that violates any law, rule or regulation.
MWM CONTENT
MWM owns all intellectual property rights relating to the MWM Content that is made available to you through the Catalogue.
MWM grants you, free of charge, and for the duration of your Use
of the
A
pp
, the personal and non-exclusive right to access and use, publish, adapt, modify and create derivative works based on the MWM Content, exclusively within the App, or to download it and use it for your own private and non-commercial use.
Any commercial use of MWM Content
without the prior written consent of MWM is strictly prohibited.
GOOD CONDUCT / PROHIBITED BEHAVIOUR
By using the App, you formally undertake not to carry out via the Services any illegal and / or immoral acts contrary to public order, to comply with the laws and regulations in force, not to contravene public order, and not to jeopardise the normal course of the App and Services.
The App is an automatic data processing system. Any fraudulent access or remaining within such system is forbidden and sanctioned by law. In the same manner, any hindrance or alteration of the functioning of such system, or any introduction, deletion, or modification of the data contained in such system are forbidden. Therefore, you undertake not to disturb the functioning of this automatic data processing system, and in particular not to introduce any virus, nor to damage, illegally access, or modify, the data stored on the App.
You shall not extract and / or re-utilize parts of the content of the App without the prior written authorization of MWM. In particular, you shall not use any screen scraping, web scraping, or “crawling” robot, or any similar tool for the collection of data in order to extract or re-utilize a substantial part, or a non-substantial part but in a systematic or repeated way, or the elements contained on the App.
You undertake not to access, or attempt to access the App by any
means
other than the interface of the App provided by MWM, nor to engage in any activity likely to hinder or disturb the functioning of the App.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS ON THE APP
MWM grants you, free of charge, the personal and non-exclusive right to access and use the App, exclusively for your own private and non-commercial use, in accordance with the conditions set out in these Terms of Use.
The architecture of the App, graphics, concepts, scenarios, names and trade names, trademarks, logos, slogans, domain names, databases, software, and all other components of the App, although this is not an exhaustive list (hereinafter the
“
Protected
Elements
”), are the exclusive property of MWM. As such, you are hereby informed that these Terms of Use do not entail any assignment of intellectual property rights attached to the App or to the Protected Elements in your favour.
Consequently, you shall refrain from any action that could damage, directly or indirectly, the intellectual property rights of MWM. As such, the use, reproduction, transmission, marketing or creation of derivative works based on the Protected Elements without the prior written agreement of MWM is strictly prohibited and punishable as copyright infringement.
UNLAWFUL CONTENT - REPORTING
You are informed that MWM, in accordance with its hosting service provider status, is not subject to any general monitoring obligation, and does not moderate User Content before its publication. In case MWM would receive a reporting in relation with a manifestly illicit User Content, you are informed that MWM may have to delete the User Content.
If a User Content or profile breaches these Terms of Use, or is otherwise unlawful, and if you have verified your User Account, you can report by writing to the following address: reporting@mwm-apps.com. MWM will review and process the reporting as soon as practicable.
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
If you have approved them, you may receive push notifications via the App to inform you of events relating to the Services when MWM wants to share news about the App, its features, or the Premium Services.
You can deactivate or configure push notifications at any time on the “Settings” page of your device
.
HYPERLINKS
-
EXTERNAL SERVICES
The App can give you access to websites, databases, networks, servers, information, software, programs, systems, directories, applications, products or services, third party (hereinafter “external services”).
MWM has no control over external services, and is not, and cannot be responsible for their content, operation or use. By pointing or otherwise providing access to external services, MWM makes no warranty or does not expressly or implicitly endorse, in relation to the legality, the accuracy, the quality or the authenticity of the content, information or services provided by these external services.
External services may have their own terms of use and / or privacy policy. You are responsible for reviewing the conditions of use of these external services.
You are responsible for taking the precautions to protect yourself against fraud while you are using external services, and you have to protect your systems against viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful content or
destructive documents
that can be included or may emanate from these external services.
MWM disclaims any liability for any damages arising from your use of external services, and you irrevocably waive any claim against MWM, regarding the content or functioning of all external services.
EXCLUSIONS FROM GUARANTEES
You hereby acknowledge that you use the App at your own risk. MWM cannot be held liable for the quality or comprehensiveness or availability of the Services offered by the App, the latter being offered “as is”. Furthermore, MWM reserves the right to amend or suspend its Services at its discretion, and to stop producing the App at any time, without incurring any liability as a result.
MWM shall do its best efforts to maintain the App available 7 days a week, and 24 hours a day. However, access to the App may be temporarily suspended, in case of planned or unplanned maintenance, migrations, updates, or constraints related to the functioning of the Internet.
It is recalled that the transmission of data over the internet only benefits from a limited reliability. The networks used to transmit such data may have different characteristics and capacities, and are likely to be saturated at certain times of the day, which may affect their delay of transmission and their availability.
LIABILITY
The App is to be used for private purposes only.
MWM cannot be held liable for any indirect damage, resulting from your use of the App (and in particular but without limitation loss of data, loss of customers or business, loss of chance or opportunities, loss of reputation), or from your impossibility to access the App, your use of the elements contained on the App, from any default, bug or interruption of the App.
MWM will make its best efforts to secure your access to the App, but shall not ensure full security. MWM shall not be held liable in relation to any bug or damages relating to the use of the Internet network, such as service breakdowns, external intrusions, or in the presence of IT viruses, or security breaches that may cause damages to your IT equipment or data.
Also, MWM shall not be liable for the consequences resulting from your violation of the Terms of Use. Therefore, you undertake to indemnify MWM in case of action from a third party, or in case MWM is sanctioned due to your fault.
TERMINATION
If you fail to comply with these Terms of Use, MWM reserves the right to suspend your access to the App without notice, temporarily or permanently, without prejudice to any compensation for damages that MWM is entitled to claim.
CONTACT
For any information or questions, you can write to us directly at the following email address: contact@mwm-apps.com. We will get back to you as quickly as possible.
FINAL PROVISIONS
MWM’s failure, at any time, to enforce any of the provisions of these Terms of Use and / or its tolerance of the non-fulfilment of any of the obligations set out in these Terms of Use cannot be interpreted as MWM waiving any subsequent enforcement of any of the aforementioned provisions.
If one or more of the provisions of these Terms of Use are deemed invalid or declared as such in application of a law or regulation, or following a final decision made by a competent court, the other provisions shall retain their full force and scope. MWM may, where applicable, replace the invalid provision(s) with a new provision.
The titles of the articles in these Terms of Use are for information purposes only and should not be considered as having any legal value.
APPLICABLE LAW
- DISPUTES
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of France.
In case a disagreement or a dispute arises, you may contact MWM directly in an attempt to resolve the dispute amicably.
If the dispute cannot be resolved amicably, you are informed that you can choose to use mediation free of charge.
You can also visit the European online Dispute resolution platform, available at:
https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/
.
Any disagreement and / or difficulty with the interpretation or execution of these Terms of Use shall be referred to the competent courts.
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: May 14th, 2021
WHO ARE WE AND WHAT IS THIS DOCUMENT?
The
Beat Snap 2
application (the "
App
") has been developed and is operated by MWM, which is located
54, Avenue du Général Leclerc, 92100, Boulogne Billancourt, France
and can be contacted by email at: contact@mwm-apps.com, (hereinafter "
MWM
").
MWM is very mindful of respecting your private life and the confidentiality of personal data relating to you (hereinafter “
Personal Data
”). This privacy policy is intended to inform you of how your Personal Data are collected, processed and stored by MWM and its processors when you use the App and related services.
MWM undertakes to process your Personal Data in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, and in particular the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, or "GDPR", and Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 on information technology, data files and liberties, in its current version (hereinafter the “
Applicable Regulations
”).
Please note that MWM can amend this privacy policy at any time, in full or in part. If the privacy policy is amended, you will be informed by a push notification and an email sent to you with a link toward the updated privacy policy.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT AND WHAT FOR?
MWM processes your Personal Data for the purposes and on the legal bases set out below.
Personal Data collected when you subscribe
What Kind of Personal Data:
In case of in-app purchases, your card details and invoice information (name, surname and postal address) are collected and processed by Google or Apple, depending on the app store of your device.
Legal Basis:
Such Personal Data will only be processed for the payment or subscription you ordered. This processing is necessary for entering into and executing a contract with you.
Personal Data collected when you contact MWM through
the App
What Kind of Personal Data:
While you are using the
App
, you may contact MWM for various purposes. While doing so, MWM might collect Personal Data such as your email address, your name, surname, and any other information you include in your messages.
Legal Basis:
MWM will process your Personal Data based on its legitimate interests to process and answer your questions and claims.
Personal Data collected when you use the
the App
What kind of Data:
While you use
the App
and in order to better organize and manage the contents presented on the
the App
, to run analytics and understand how users interact with our product and services in order to continuously improve it, and to to serve advertising tailored to the preference and interests of our users, MWM may collect Data limited to:
the apps you are using
Your IP address
Your Mobile Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID - which are technical identifiers developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes which remain under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in through your device settings)
Technical information about the device you use and your connection (user agent, type of connection, timestamp)
Data pertaining to your activities on our applications and notably the way in which you interact with our applications (for instance, how and when you use our applications) and with the advertising served in our applications (for instance, number of ads served, potential clicks)
Legal Basis:
Those Personal Data are collected upon your express consent.
PERSONALIZED ADVERTISING
MWM Ads services allow MWM and its publisher partners (most of the time MWM Ads partners are third party mobile application providers) to monetize advertising inventory by allowing advertisers to serve personalized advertising to users.
What kind of Data:
While you use the App and in order to help advertiser promote their products and services and improve our own Ads services, MWM may collect data limited to:
the apps you are using
Your IP address
Your Mobile Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID - which are technical identifiers developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes which remain under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in through your device settings)
Technical information about the device you use and your connection (user agent, type of connection, timestamp)
Data pertaining to your activities on our applications and notably the way in which you interact with our applications (for instance, how and when you use our applications) and with the advertising served in our applications (for instance, number of ads served, potential clicks)
.
Legal Basis:
In order to deliver such services for its partners, MWM can receive and process data for different legitimate purposes and interests:
To help advertiser partners promote their products and services :
MWM ads services help advertisers promote their products and services to an audience that has demonstrated interests in similar products and services and allow them to optimize their marketing spends.
To improve MWM Ads services :
MWM is committed to constantly improve the services delivered to its publishers and advertisers. In order to do so, MWM Ads processes the data listed above in a way that notably allows it to better understand how users interact with the ads of our advertiser partners and optimize their user experience.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The first time you connect on the App, a pop up will be displayed, informing you that if you give your consent, your advertising ID (IDFA) and other data, such as location data, and other demographic and interest data about you will be collected and transmitted to our Ad partners and Analytic companies (see-below) for the purpose of providing you with a personalized advertising experience and analytics purpose. You are free to refuse or agree to such processing.
When you consent to the collection of data for advertising and analytics purpose, we may share the data listed above with the following categories of recipients:
Ad partners:
that allow us to monetize the ad inventory of
the App
and provide users with free products and services.
Those partners usually collect data via their own tools (software development kits or “SDK”). you will find a list of our partners implemented advertising SDK through our applications and the privacy policies of their services that describe their practices and allow you to exercise your rights directly toward them hereafter:
Applovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AppsFlyer
https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy/
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Ironsource
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mopub
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Ogury
https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/
Tapjoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/tapjoy-users/#privacy-policy
Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Analytic companies:
that provide us with tools and technologies that allow us to better understand how users interact with our services and will help us improve it. Those partners also usually collect data via their own SDK. You will find a list of our partners implementing analytical SDK through our applications hereafter:
Adjust
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
Amplitude
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Gameanalytics
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Mixpanel
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Tenjin
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy/
Authorities:
only to the extent we are obliged to by applicable laws and regulations.
Service providers:
technical, hosting or client support services providers such as:
Zendesk for client support and ticketing;
www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
SendinBlue emailing;
fr.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy/
Google Cloud Platform and Elastic Cloud for data storage
https://policies.google.com/privacy
MWM may also need to share your Personal Data with its external advisors (lawyers, accountants, etc.).
HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?
MWM shall store your Personal Data for any length of time required for your use of the App. Furthermore, if you remain inactive for a period of 3 years after the final user action, MWM will send you an email to inform you of the deletion of your account.
You are hereby informed that MWM reserves the right to store your Personal Data in its temporary archives where strictly necessary to defend its rights in the event of a dispute, for the applicable limitation period.
Also, please note that considering its status of hosting service provider, MWM is subject to a legal obligation to retain some Personal Data relating to you for a duration of one year, on the basis of article 6.II of the Law 2004-575 of 21 June 2004 on confidence in the digital economy (LCEN).
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS?
In accordance with the Applicable Regulations, you have the rights to access, rectify, and delete your Personal Data. Under the conditions of the Applicable Regulations, you also benefit from the rights to request the limitation of the processing, the portability of your Personal Data, and the right to object to processing for reasons pertaining to your personal situation when the processing is based on MWM’s legitimate interest. You can also communicate instructions about the fate of your Personal Data in the event of your death.
You can also, at any time, and without reason, object to the processing of your Personal Data for the purposes of direct marketing.
You can exercise these rights with MWM by sending your request accompanied by a copy of an identity document by email to the following email address: privacy@mwm-apps.com or by mail, writing to the following address: MWM, 54, Avenue du Général Leclerc, 92100, Boulogne Billancourt, France.
In any case, you may, at any time, submit a claim to the CNIL (French Data Protection Authority) (
www.cnil.fr
).
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.applovin.com/privacy/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1621007566334000&usg=AOvVaw0x5iJvj0fCJrL7ZqRUvzhG:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.