PRIVACY POLICY
Policy last updated: September, 3rd 2024
Your privacy is important to us.
Summit Games (“us”, “our” or “we”) is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, and data that you provide or we collect in connection with our website, www.summit-games.com, (the “Site”) or any Summit Games game provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android) (collectively, the “Service(s)”). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by Summit Games through your use of the Service. Summit Games is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your information and data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us with the information provided in the ‘Contact Information of Data Controller’ section of this Policy.
The Data We Collect from You
Data you provide us
We might collect your email address when you directly contact us by email.
Data we collect automatically
We automatically collect the following data from you when you use the Service:
Mobile advertising identifiers, such as your device's unique advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID).
Data about your device, such as device type and model, network provider, browser type, device language, IP address, network connection type.
Crash reports generated by your device when using the Service.
General location data.
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data.
Why Do We Collect Your Data
To improve the Service
In order to improve our Service, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data about your device when you use the Service, such as its operating system version, type and model, language and wireless operator, crash reports.
It helps us analyse the use of the Service and fix bugs that might occurs when using the Service.
To show personalized advertisements
To maintain the use of the Service free of charge for you, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process your device advertisment ID.
It helps us to show you ads that are more relevant to you.
To share with you news about the Service, such as the release of a new game
We may use your email address when you contact our customer service to contact you about your gaming experience with Summit Games games and notify you about company news.
If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by emailing us with the contact information provided in this policy.
How We Use Your Data
Analytics
We have partners to perform analytics services for us. These partners might process your data according to their privacy policy.
You can find below a list of our analytics partners, with a link to their privacy policy, so that you can have information on how they process your data:
Firebase -
https://firebase.google.com/
Advertising
When you use our Service, advertising identifier and other information from your device is collected and shared with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device.
Our advertising partners may combine this information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) in order to serve you more relevant ads in our games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems.
We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information. You can find below the list of our advertising partners and a link to their privacy policy:
Google Admob -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
MoPub -
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy
Facebook -
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Amazon -
https://www.amazon.com/privacy
Smaato -
https://www.smaato.com/privacy
AddApptr -
https://www.addapptr.com/data-privacy
Adincube -
https://www.adincube.com/privacy
AppLovin -
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Unity -
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle -
https://vungle.com/privacy/
How We May Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
We do not disclose your information to third parties with the exception of our advertisment and analytics partners mentionned above.
For each partner, you can have information on how they process, store and share your data in their privacy policy.
International Data Transfers
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
Your Rights and Options
Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can exercise an opt-out for interest based advertising services on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android).
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
Cookies & Similar Technologies
We do not use cookies or similar technologies when you browse the Site.
Our analytics and advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to analyse the use of the Service and target advertisements.
Security
We take reasonable precaution to protect Personal Information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access.
Changes to This Policy
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information of Data Controller
Summit Games,
Chemin du Real, 84120 La Bastidonne, France
If you have any questions or concerns about our data privacy practices, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal information, please contact us at
hello@summit-games.com
.
Legal Notices