Skip to content
User Data
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
SUMMARY
We aim to be clear and transparent in our data processing and storage. Below we will explain what data we store and how that data is stored. We will also explain how you can request data removal and how you can request the data regarding you that we have stored.
WHAT DATA IS STORED:
To improve our games and analyze player behaviour, we may store data such as your device id and your device advertiser id. If you chose to create an account in any of our games, we will also store the data you provide on that account. This may include but not be limited to, your email address, your name, your facebook id, profile images, etc. The primary reason for creating an account is to be able to restore your game session on another device. Should you chose to connect your game to Facebook, you yourself will be able to chose what data that will be shared from Facebook to Qiiwi. We do not store any information about you other than that described above.
At any time you can request that all your data will be removed. Please note that you will not be able to access your game sessions, restore any progress, and any purchased items will also be lost. All your data will be permanently removed from any backup-systems within 90 days after your removal has been handled.
WHERE DO WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION:
All user data is stored in Ireland at our hosting provider, Amazon Web Services.
TIME LIMIT FOR STORED DATA:
For now, it is not applicable for Qiiwi to have a fixed time limit for when your user data will be removed. This is because we always want you to be able to restore your game session at a later time. If however a game will be discontinued, all data related to that game will be removed, this includes your personal data.
At any time you can request that all your data be removed. Please note that you will not be able to access your game sessions and you will not be able to restore any progress, any purchased items will also be lost. All your data will be permanently removed from any backup-systems within 90 days after your removal has been handled. Start this process by sending an email to support@qiiwi.com.
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS USED TO PROTECT YOUR DATA:
All user data is stored securely using Amazon Web Services. All communication between the cloud service and the games are safe and encrypted using SSL. To secure your data, only a few people at Qiiwi have access to the user data and to the cloud service. These people are well educated in handling personal data.
HOW DO YOU GET THIS INFORMATION:
In all our games, all players will get a popup with this information at first launch. You must accept this information to play the game.
REQUEST DATA INFORMATION:
At any time you can request all information we have stored on you as a player. You may start this process by sending an email to support@qiiwi.com.
Responsible for data storage:
Qiiwi Games AB:
info@qiiwi.com
+46 (0)709 26 06 97
Stora Torget 3
441 30 Alingsås
Sweden