Sex game Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how Sex game collects, uses, and transfers your information, and how you can control the use of the information that Sex game collects.
Analytics
Crashlytics (Google Inc.)
Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: geographic position, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
.
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
.
Right of access, modification and deletion of your personal data
In compliance with legal provisions, you have a general right to access, edit and delete your personal data which have been collected pursuant to your access to and/or use of the Services. Regarding data collected via the Platforms in particular, you can access and edit such data directly from the personal area available to you on these Platforms. If you have no personal area, you should refer to the Platforms access and editing policy.
Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you can email apprize.dev@gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/media/try.crashlytics.com/en//terms/privacy-policy.pdf
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies