Platform Services Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 7, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you utilize the Custodia (“Custodia, “Our”, “We”) platform services at any of the following channels (collectively “Services”):
https://my.custodia.ai
Custodia App on
App Store
and
Play Store
Corporate Spend App on
App Store
and
Play Store
Personal Information We Collect
When you utilize our Services, we automatically collect certain information about your device, which includes:
IP address
Time zone
Web browser
Device type
Cookies
Additionally, we collect information about the individual web pages or screens that you view, what websites or search terms referred you and information about how you interact with our Services. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. We leverage cookies to create a login session for you to utilize our Services.
“Log files” track actions occurring with our Services, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, device type, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse our Services.
Additionally, in order to utilize the Services we require certain information from you, which includes:
Your name
Your email address
Your phone number
We refer to this as “Required Service Information.” Separately, the Services can be optimized by providing additional information, including:
Your location to prevent fraudulent transactions and to accurate classify business trip expenses
Your calendar to properly associate meetings with your expense data
Your contacts to properly classify expense data
Your images and local files to provide receipt uploads for your expenses or profile image
Your bank account information
We refer to this as “Requested Service Information.” When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking about Device Information, Required Service Information and Requested Service Information..
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Services (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with our Services).
We use Required Service Information to provide you with access to our Services, including multi-factor authentication, and to send you notifications of events related to your login on our platform.
We use Requested Service Information to provide you with the best experience with our Services, by providing tailored data enhancements based on your location, calendar and contact information.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Required Service Information and Requested Service with third parties in order to provide you with access to certain elements of our Services.
We may provide your name to Marqeta if a corporate card is requested on your behalf (your name is required to be printed on the corporate card. You can read more about Marqeta’s privacy policy at
https://www.marqeta.com/privacy
.
We may provide your banking information to Dwolla if you desire to enable ACH payments. You can read more about Dwolla’s privacy policy at
https://www.dwolla.com/legal/privacy/
.
We may provide your physical address and location data to Google for the purposes of enhancing search requests for flights, meals and taxis. You can read more about Google’s privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to subpoenas, search warrants or other lawful requests for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Behavioral Advertising
We do not use any Personal Information for the purposes of Behavioral Advertising.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Services data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your Rights
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information is corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
Any information you enter and submit to us via our Services may be maintained unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Data Privacy Framework
Custodia, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Custodia, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF.  Custodia, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
privacy@custodia.ai
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.marqeta.com/privacy:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.dwolla.com/legal/privacy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Last Updated: December 30, 2022
Dwolla, Inc. (“Dwolla”) is committed to protecting your privacy and earning your trust. This Privacy Policy discloses our privacy practices for personal information we collect when you use or access our products, services, features, or content through any Dwolla website (including
https://www.dwolla.com
), collectively the “Dwolla Sites”), any Dwolla application or service (“Dwolla Services”), or when you apply or express interest in employment with or are employed by Dwolla (“Dwolla Employment”).
We may, in our sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised version at
www.dwolla.com/legal/privacy
. If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting a notice on
www.dwolla.com/legal/privacy
prior to the change becoming effective and may also elect to send you an email notifying you of the policy modifications.Your access and use of the Dwolla Sites, Dwolla Services, Dwolla Employment, and submission of data to us, constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and consent to the uses set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Categories of Personal Information
Dwolla User
Applicant/
Employee
Identifiers,
such as a real name, postal address, phone number, date of birth, email address, account name, device identifier, online identifier, signature, username, log-in credentials, social media handle or other similar identifiers.
X
X
Government Issued Identifiers,
such as your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
X
X
Demographic Information
, such as your membership in a protected class when you apply for or are employed by Dwolla.
X
Geolocation Data,
including information that permits us to determine your location, such as if you manually provide location information or if you use a device (based on a browser or device’s IP address) to access the Dwolla Sites, Dwolla Services, or in connection with Dwolla Employment.
X
X
Inferences
about preferences from cookies and site usage, including those used to gauge interest in obtaining Dwolla Services. We may also collect inferences drawn from the other listed categories of information that we collect.
X
X
Financial Information
, such as your full bank account number if you choose to use it with the Dwolla Services or are employed by Dwolla
X
X
Commercial Information,
such as your transaction history and details.
X
Audio, Electronic, Visual, or Similar Information
when you use the Dwolla Sites, Services, and apply for or are employed by Dwolla. This may include communications, recordings, and images n that you provide to Dwolla via phone, email, video, online form, or other correspondence.
X
X
Internet activity,
when you use a device to access the Dwolla Sites or Dwolla Services, we may collect your IP address, the type of device you use, your device identifier, your operating system version, the type of browser you use, your location, and the URL that you came from and the next URL that you visit and similar data. Dwolla uses analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of the Dwolla Sites and for marketing and advertising purposes.
We may record information such as how often you use the Dwolla Sites, the events that occur with such use, aggregated usage, and performance data.
X
X
Professional or Employment-Related Information
any information you submit in connection with the Dwolla Employment, such as basic identifying information, your photo, contact details, education, professional qualifications, work experience, current/former employer, educational background, work experience, and other experience. This may also include information in your application from your resume or information collected as part of the interview process, such as notes taken from your interview. If you apply for Dwolla Employment or are employed by Dwolla, we may collect your health and medical data, such as information on a disability for purposes of accommodating your application and interview, and race/ethnicity data, or other personal information that you voluntarily provide to Dwolla, such as veteran status. We may also collect your credit information and criminal record information from our service providers who perform pre-employment background checks.
X
We collect your personal information in the table listed above from various sources. For example, we collect and obtain information:
Directly from you.
We collect personal information you provide to us, such as when you create an account, communicate with us via phone, email, online video, online form, or in any other way in connection with Dwolla Services or Dwolla Employment.
From third parties
. We collect personal information stored with third parties that you choose to provide to Dwolla, such as information you may have provided to a third party application that you authorized to provide information to Dwolla. By linking your third party accounts, you authorize Dwolla to have access to this information and you agree that Dwolla may collect and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may also collect your personal information from third parties such as financial institutions, data aggregators, credit bureaus, law enforcement, identity verification and fraud prevention services, pre-employment background check companies, social media platforms, as well as advertising, marketing, and analytics companies.
When you visit the Dwolla Sites.
We use analytics software when you visit the Dwolla Sites. Our analytics providers may also use analytics software to collect information on our behalf. For more information, see how Dwolla uses cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technology below.
Over the past twelve months, and on an ongoing basis, we may use the information we collect about you to do the following.
To research, develop, customize and improve your experience with the Dwolla Sites and Dwolla Services as well as to improve our customer database to determine customer demand.
Provide the Dwolla Services to you.
Validate your account.
Notify you about your account activity.
Process transactions and collect fees.
Provide customer support and resolve disputes.
Verify your identity, contact, and account information.
Identify, prevent, and report potentially prohibited, fraudulent, or illegal activities.
Notify you about important changes to the Dwolla Services and/or Dwolla’s terms and conditions.
To promote, market, and advertise the Dwolla Services or Dwolla Employment.
To notify you about your payment and/or payment request.
We may also provide you with news, offers, and information about the Dwolla Services based on your communications preferences.
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law or any other purpose that we disclose to you in the course of providing the Dwolla Sites or Dwolla Services.
We may also merge or otherwise combine your information in furtherance of the purposes above.
If you apply for or are employed by Dwolla, we may also use your information for the following purposes:
To develop and improve your experience with Dwolla Employment including to generate analytics.
To process your application, assess your qualifications or to communicate with you about Dwolla Employment.
To administer pay and other benefits that are a part of your employment package.
To provide general business management and operation.
For accounting, financial reporting and business planning.
To ensure your safety and the security of Dwolla-held information.
To perform pre-employment background checks where permitted by law.
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law or any other purpose that we disclose to you in the course of providing Dwolla Employment.
For any purpose as reasonably required by Dwolla in connection with your application for and during the course of your employment with Dwolla.
We may also merge or otherwise combine your information in furtherance of the purposes above.
Over the past twelve months, and on an ongoing basis, we may share identifiers, government issued identifiers, demographic data, geolocation data, inferences, financial information, commercial information, audio, electronic, visual information, internet activity, and professional or employment-related information for the following business purposes:
When you send or receive money using the Dwolla Services, we will provide the other party to the financial transaction appropriate details about the transaction.
If your payment to another Dwolla user fails, we may provide that user with details of the unsuccessful payment.
With financial institutions and other partners that are part of the payment process.
With our service providers to provide, maintain, and improve Dwolla Services and Dwolla Employment, including for fraud prevention, identity verification, auditing, marketing, advertising, analytics, maintenance, security, or for other related business purposes as determined appropriate by Dwolla. We strive to contractually prohibit these service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than performing agreed upon services for us.
To the extent analytics software is used to improve the functionality of the Dwolla Sites, analytics providers may receive information about your use and interaction with the software in order to assist Dwolla with providing and improving the Dwolla Sites and the Dwolla Services.
If you are offered or accept Dwolla Employment we may share your information with credit bureaus, pre-employment background check providers.
Other than as stated in this Privacy Policy, Dwolla does not disclose, share or sell any of your personal information to third parties without your consent. Please note that third parties, such as merchants that you pay and third party websites that you visit, have their own privacy policies. Dwolla is not responsible for the policies and practices of such third parties and we encourage you to review their privacy policies.
Dwolla may release information to third parties upon your request. For example, you may authorize a Dwolla integrating partner to access your personal and business information.
Dwolla may release your information to governmental, legal, or regulatory authorities if we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, legal process, or government request; to investigate or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our rights, our terms and conditions, or the rights of others; or to protect the safety and security of Dwolla, our users, or the public.
Dwolla may also share individual personal information and aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties who provide analytics, marketing and advertising services. For more information, see how Dwolla uses cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technology below.
Dwolla may also release your information to an acquirer if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our stock or assets. If this occurs, you will be notified of any change to this Privacy Policy, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Dwolla also uses Track Technologies, Inc. dba Abound (“Abound”) to provide tax or financial related services and are for informational purposes only and provided to you AS IS and without warranty or guarantee. Consult a tax or legal professional or provider before filing your annual tax returns. By using the Dwolla Services, you grant Dwolla and Abound the right, power, and authority to access and transmit your personal and financial information that you provide to Dwolla. You agree to your personal and financial information being transferred, stored, and processed by Abound in accordance with the
Abound Privacy Policy
.
Dwolla does not “sell” or “share” any of your sensitive personal information (e.g. social security number, driver’s license number, financial information, etc.). Dwolla only uses your sensitive personal information to the extent necessary to provide the Dwolla Services or Dwolla Employment.
Over the past twelve months, and on an ongoing basis, we and our third party providers use cookies and similar tracking technologies that allow us and our social media, marketing, analytics, and advertising partners to collect certain personal information, such as identifiers, inferences, and internet activity, about visitors to the Site. This information may be used for various purposes, including analytics, marketing, advertising, and to provide you with customized content and experiences. Some transfers of such personal information are considered “selling” or “sharing” under applicable law (e.g. CCPA). This may include the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies.
In order to use Dwolla Services to transfer funds through the U.S. monetary system, a user must comply with applicable federal laws and rules. These applicable laws and rules may require the disclosure and retention of information regarding the identity of senders and recipients of funds.
Dwolla will not discriminate against you for exercising any rights you may have under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) or any other applicable law or rule. Dwolla does not base its prices or the quality of its services on the exercise or non-exercise of legal privacy rights.
As reflected above, Dwolla and its advertising, marketing, analytics and fraud prevention providers (e.g. Google Analytics) use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather information about Dwolla’s user base, and we may receive such information on an individual and aggregated basis from such providers.
We use cookies to provide you with a personalized experience by recognizing you when you return to the Dwolla Sites; better understand our users by tracking how they use the Dwolla Services; improve the design and content of the Dwolla Sites by tracking how users interact with the Dwolla Sites; and identify and prevent fraudulent activity. You can change your browser settings, send an opt out preference signal, or select the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the webpage.
We may gather certain information about our website visitors automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you in order to provide and improve the Dwolla Services.
We may partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you do not want your information to be used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by selecting the “Do Not Sell or Share My Information Link below. This does not opt you out of being served ads and you will continue to receive generic ads.
The Dwolla Sites may include social media features that allow you to “Like” or share content on third party sites. These features may be hosted by the third party sites or the Dwolla Sites, and may collect your IP address, the Dwolla Site page you are visiting, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party cookies, web beacons, social media features and widgets (such as the Facebook Like button), or other tracking technologies used by third parties without connection to Dwolla or websites you may travel to upon following hyperlinks on Dwolla’s Sites. Dwolla is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties.
If you prefer not to receive promotional emails from Dwolla, click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any promotional email that we send you to remove your email address from future promotional email campaigns. If you have difficulty with the unsubscribe process, contact us at
privacy@dwolla.com
.
We have security measures in place to protect your personal information, including the use of industry-standard data encryption technology and internal policies and restrictions regarding the storage of and access to your personal information. Please note that no data transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Dwolla’s servers and business operations are entirely located in the United States. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
security@dwolla.com
.
Dwolla Clients should notify Dwolla immediately of a change in your information by contacting
support@dwolla.com
. If you access your Dwolla account through a Dwolla Client, you must contact the Dwolla Client to update your account information. Due to regulatory requirements, Dwolla is unable to accept direct requests to modify your data related to your Dwolla account.
We retain your personal information for so long as we are providing the Dwolla Services to you or for a period during which we reasonably anticipate providing the Services. Even after we stop providing Dwolla Services directly to you, and even if you close your Dwolla account, we retain some of your personal information in order to comply with legal and regulatory obligations of Dwolla and its Financial Institution Partners. We may also retain it to allow for fraud monitoring, detection and prevention activities. We also keep personal information to comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, where we are required to retain the data by our contractual commitments to our financial partners, and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you used. In cases where we keep personal data, including, data involving Dwolla Employment, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations that are in line with recommended practices and imposed by applicable law.
Dwolla is a general audience website. Dwolla does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under the age of 13. Dwolla does not knowingly sell or share personal information from anyone under the 16 years of age.
If you are a resident of a state that has adopted privacy regulation, you may have additional certain rights regarding your personal information. This includes:
Right to Know
– You may have the right to know what personal information we collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which it is collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing it, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose it.
Right to Access and Data Portability
– You may have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we collected about you during the 12 months before your request.
Right to Deletion
– You may have the right to request that we delete information that we collected from you and retained.
Right to Opt Out of Selling or Sharing
– You may have the right to opt-out of having your personal information sold or shared. To opt-out, click the “Do Not Share My Personal Information” link on the bottom of the webpage. Some web browsers allow consumers to automatically exercise their right to opt-out of sale/sharing with all businesses they interact with online by initiating an opt-out preference signal. We will honor such opt-out preference signals.
In order to request, deletion or a copy of your personal information, you may forward verifiable consumer requests to Dwolla through one of the following methods:
Calling Dwolla at
1-888-289-8744;
Submitting a written request using this
form
.
Only you, or someone legally permitted to act upon your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request. For example, you may make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
In order to submit a verifiable consumer request to Dwolla, the request must both provide sufficient detail for Dwolla to be able to appropriately ascertain your identity and give sufficient clarity for Dwolla to understand the nature of the request. Dwolla will determine the criteria for a verifiable consumer request based upon the nature of the request and account.
If you have submitted a verifiable consumer request, Dwolla will respond in a timely manner consistent with applicable law. If Dwolla is unable to verify or denies your request, Dwolla will submit an appropriate response. If you would like to appeal our decision to deny your request, please do so by using the secure messaging portal that we emailed to you after you submitted a data subject rights request. If you have any questions or concerns please email us at
privacy@dwolla.com
.
Do Not Track signals are a web browser setting or mechanism used to indicate to web sites that a visitor does not want their online activity tracked. As of the effective date of this Privacy Statement, Dwolla does not currently respond to Do Not Track signals.
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://www.custodia.ai/privacy-shield-policy:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
9
Learn more about this provider
__cf_bm
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
__cfruid
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
m
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
_ab
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
_mf
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
id
Pending
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Indeed
3
Learn more about this provider
INDEED_CSRF_TOKEN
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
_cfuvid
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
CSRF
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
bscookie
This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example.
Stripe
2
Learn more about this provider
__stripe_mid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
__stripe_sid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
cdn.cookielaw.org
1
OptanonConsent
Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry.
www.custodia.ai
3
elementor
Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.
icwp-wpsf-notbot
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
shield-notbot-nonce
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
_calendly_session
If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar.
usbl.#.c.#
Pending
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Calendly
1
Learn more about this provider
dd_cookie_test_#
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
Cookiebot
3
Learn more about this provider
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
1
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
td
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
AnalyticsSyncHistory
Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service.
ln_or
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Indeed
2
Learn more about this provider
CTK [x2]
This cookie determines which job advertisements the visitor is shown, and which are clicked on - this information is used to make the advertisements more relevant.
LinkedIn
4
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
li_sugr
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
UserMatchHistory
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Unclassified
5
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Indeed
5
Learn more about this provider
hpnode
Pending
indeed_rcc
Pending
LV
Pending
UD
Pending
RF
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 7/22/23 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Use necessary cookies only
Allow selection
Customize
OK
Privacy Shield Policy
Last updated: August 6, 2020
Custodia, Inc. (“Custodia”, “we”, “our” or “us”) complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (collectively, “Privacy Shield”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.  Custodia has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
.
Privacy Shield Principles
1. Notice
Our Privacy Policy describes how we use Personal Data we receive from different sources. This Privacy Shield Policy describes how we process Personal Data covered by the Privacy Shield.
If you are a User, Custodia may act as an agent for you in relation to the Personal Data that you provide or make available to Custodia.
2. Choice
In its role as a controller and as required by applicable law, Custodia generally offers any individual, regardless of geography (“Users”) the opportunity to choose whether their Personal Data may be (i) disclosed to third-party controllers or (ii) used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which the information was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the relevant User. To the extent required by the Privacy Shield Principles, Custodia obtains opt-in consent for certain uses and disclosures of sensitive data. Users may contact Custodia as indicated below regarding Custodia’s use or disclosure of their Personal Data. Unless Custodia offers Users an appropriate choice, Custodia uses Personal Data only for purposes that are materially the same as those indicated in this Policy.
3. Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
We only collect Personal Data that is relevant to providing our Services. We process Personal Data compatible with us providing the Services or as otherwise notified to you. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data received under the Privacy Shield is needed for Custodia’s Services, accurate, complete, and current.
4. Accountability for Onward Transfers
This Policy and the Privacy Policy describe how Custodia shares Personal Data.
Except as permitted or required by applicable law and in accordance with Custodia’s role as a controller or processor, Custodia provides Users with an opportunity to opt out of sharing their Personal Data with third-party controllers. Custodia requires third-party controllers to whom it discloses the Personal Data of Users to contractually agree to (a) only process the Personal Data for limited and specified purposes consistent with the consent provided by the relevant User, (b) provide the same level of protection for Personal Data as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles, and (c) notify Custodia and cease processing Personal Data (or take other reasonable and appropriate remedial steps) if the third-party controller determines that it cannot meet its obligation to provide the same level of protection for Personal Data as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles.
Custodia may disclose Personal Data to trusted third parties as indicated in the Privacy Policy without offering an opportunity to opt out. Custodia requires that its agents and service providers that have access to Personal Data within the scope of this Privacy Shield Policy provide the same level of protection as required by the Privacy Shield Principles. We ensure that our agents process Personal Data received under the Privacy Shield in a manner consistent with our obligations under the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
We may also need to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, for law enforcement or national security reasons, or when such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order, or when otherwise required by law. We do not offer an opportunity to opt out from this category of disclosure.
5. Data Security
We use reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and the risks involved in processing that information.
6. Access to Personal Data
Our Privacy Policy explains how you may access and/or submit requests to review, correct, update, suppress, or delete Personal Data. You can ask to review and correct Personal Data that we maintain about you by sending a written request to
privacy@custodia.ai
. We require before any access to Personal Data is provided that the requestor provides proof of identity.
When Custodia acts on behalf of its Users, Custodia will assist Users in responding to individuals exercising their rights under the Privacy Shield Principles.
7. Recourse, Enforcement and Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Custodia commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Custodia by email at
privacy@custodia.ai
, or please write to the following address:
Custodia, Inc.
ATTN: Data Collection and Privacy
143 W. 20th Street, #10S
New York, NY 10011
Custodia has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/submit/
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. A binding arbitration option may also be available to you in order to address residual complaints not resolved by any other means. Custodia is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) and Custodia acknowledges liability in cases of onward transfers to third parties.
If you have any questions or concerns, please write to us at the address listed above. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles.
In the event we are unable to resolve your concern, you may contact JAMS, which provides an independent third-party dispute resolution body based in the United States.
Changes to this Privacy Shield Policy
This Privacy Shield Policy may be changed from time to time, consistent with the requirements of the Privacy Shield and in accordance with the process described in the Privacy Policy. You can determine when this Privacy Shield Policy was last revised by referring to the “LAST UPDATED” date at the top of this page.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.custodia.ai/marketing-privacy-policy:
Marketing Site Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 7, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit the Custodia (“Custodia, “Our”, “We”) marketing web site at
https://www.custodia.ai
(“Marketing Site”).
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit our Marketing Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, which includes:
IP address
Time zone
Web browser
Device type
Cookies
Additionally, we collect information about the individual web pages or screens that you view, what websites or search terms referred you and information about how you interact with our Marketing Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
. Click
here
to learn more about our cookie policy.
“Log files” track actions occurring with our Marketing Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, device type, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse our Marketing Site.
Additionally, when you fill out a form through our Marketing Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, email address, and phone number. We refer to this as “Referral Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking about both Device Information and Referral Information.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Marketing (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with our Marketing Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We use the Referral Information that we collect to communicate with you, screen for potential risk or fraud and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising related to our products or services.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Device Information and Referral Information with third parties to help us use the relevant information as described above. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use our Marketing Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to subpoenas, search warrants or other lawful requests for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.
For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by visiting:
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
(Facebook)
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
(Google)
https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
(Bing)
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out?trk=microsites-frontend_legal_cookie-policy
(LinkedIn)
https://www.indeed.com/legal/ccpa-dns?hl=en&co=US
(Indeed)
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Marketing Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your Rights
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information is corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
Any information you enter and submit to us via our Marketing Site may be maintained unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Privacy Shield
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between these terms and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
and to view our Privacy Shield Policy, please visit
https://www.custodia.ai/privacy-shield-policy/
.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
privacy@custodia.ai
.