Due to a temporary maintenance issue - our main pool will be closed Tuesday morning 4th March
Cookie Policy
Like most websites, we use some cookies.
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your browser. They’re used for many things, such as remembering whether you’ve visited the site before so that you remain logged in – or to help us work out how many visitors we get on the site over a given period of time. These cookies contain information about the use of your computer but they don’t include personal information about you.
What Cookies do we use
Session Cookies As you travel around our site, there are times when we need to remember technical information about you as you go from page to page. We use this technical information in many ways to enhance your user experience. This cookie contains no personally identifiable information and only stays in place until you end your session ( usually when you leave our site. )
We use web analytics services to recognise your browser or device and, for example, to identify whether you have visited specific services we offer previously. This information is anonymous and only used for statistical purposes. It allows us to track information, such as how many individual users we have and how often they visit our website
Persistent or Login Session Cookie When you log into a restricted area, we may set a cookie on your PC, to remember your login details. This can be used for your convenience so that on subsequent visits, you aren’t required to provide the entire log-in information again. This cookie will remain on your computer indefinitely, even after you leave our site.
Controlling your cookies
We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you, although we may combine information from your registration with the data we get from the web analytics services we use and their cookies to analyse how you and other people use our Online Services.
Managing cookies in your browser
Block third party cookies.
Block cookies from particular sites.
See what cookies you’ve got and delete them on an individual basis.
Block all cookies from being set.
Delete all cookies when you close your browser.
Booking a class?
Download our app today!