Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Skip to Main Content
close
Care
chevron_right
Learning
Discovery
Giving
chevron_left
Care
Doctors
Diverse specialists to meet all your needs find them out.
arrow_forward_ios
Facilities
Explore our 50+ locations across Dubai and find the service you need.
arrow_forward_ios
Departments and Specialties
Find out our comprehensive range of specialized care and expertise across all departments.
arrow_forward_ios
Patients and Visitors Support
arrow_forward_ios
chevron_left
Doctors
Find a doctor
Clinical Leadership
chevron_left
Facilities
Hospitals
Al Jalila Children's Hospital
Dubai Hospital
Hatta Hospital
Latifa Hospital
Rashid Hospital
View All
arrow_forward_ios
Ambulatory Health Centers
Al Barsha Health Center
Al Qusais Health Center
Nad Al Hamar Health Center
Um Suqeim Health Center
Za’abeel Health Center
View All
arrow_forward_ios
Medical Fitness Centers
Al Lusaily Medical Fitness Center
Al Muhaisnah Medical Fitness Center
Al Rashidiya Medical Fitness Center
Smart Salem Center - City Walk
Zaabeel Medical Fitness Center
View All
arrow_forward_ios
chevron_left
Departments and Specialties
Anesthesia
Behavioral Sciences
Cancer Care
Cardiac Care
Critical Care
Emergency Medicine
Family Medicine
Kidney Care
Pediatric
Medical Imaging
Medicine
Neurosciences
Obstetrics and Gynaecology
Oral Health
Surgery
View All
arrow_forward_ios
chevron_left
Patients and Visitors Support
Our Insurance Partners
Visitor's Guide
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Our Services
About Dubai Health
About Dubai Health
Board of Directors
Executive Team
Clinical Leadership
Careers
FAQs
Contact Us
Dubai Health App
Donate
Book an Appointment
accessible
العربية
Login
Empty heading
About Dubai Health
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Policy
Dubai Academic Health Corporation (Dubai Health) understands and respects users’ privacy and it is committed to protect it. By visiting the Dubai Health Portal and using Dubai Health Smart Applications, users agree to the practices stated in this policy. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we collect and use information.
Information collection
Some non-identifiable information is collected automatically while surfing our website or using smartphone applications, such as:
The IP address you are using to access the website.
The type of web browser used as well as the time and date of the visit.
The pages you view on the website.
Geographical location.
Mobile device information (such as your mobile device ID, model), operating system, and version information.
Identifiable information is collected voluntarily, such as when the user:
Sends personal information such as name, date of birth, health card no., email id, phone number​
Completes an online suggestions or complaints form.
Applies for a job through our e-job service.
Registers with the online forum.
Uses online services such as Health services, the Medical Fitness service or the Licensing and other Dubai Health electronic Services.
We may request access or permission to your location while you are using our Smart App, to provide certain location-based services. Your location may be used and shared with Dubai Health , if location permission is granted, to provide following services:
​When a Covid-19 inquiry is generated
When a patient generates an SOS alert or callback requests from the app
When there is a significant location change for self-isolated/quarantined patients
Location sharing is not mandatory for all these services to work but will help Dubai Health in providing more accurate and timely response to your requests in Dubai. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's bluetooth, microphone, camera, phone number, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the Smart App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
Information Usage
To keep a record of registered users.
To allow us to customize services based on users preferences.
To collect internal statistics that help us serve the users better.
To contact users in order to provide Dubai Health news or information regarding up-coming events.
Users’ information is never shared with any third parties unless it is agreed by the user or required by law or to protect Dubai Health rights or properties ​
Information collected from individuals will be used solely for legitimate and the intended purpose.
In case of data breach that results in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of an individual, Dubai Health will report the breach to the concerned authorities and notify the person impacted.
Smart app does use third party services that declare their own Terms and Conditions. Link to Terms and Conditions of third party service providers used by the Covid 19 DXB app
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
​Firebase Crashlytics
Permission for Perso​nal Data access for Smart Apps
Depending on the User's specific device, smart Application may request certain permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below:
By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document.
The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and software.
Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact functioning of certain features and services of smart Application.
If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data can be processed (i.e accessed) by the smart Application.
Dubai Health App may interact with your sensitive data to provide certain features, such as video visits or mobile appointment check-in. The first time you try to use any of these features, we will ask for your consent within the app and will only allow you to use a feature if you give consent. You do not have to provide consent if you do not want to allow Dubai Health App to interact with your data as requested. Dubai Health App is developed by Epic Systems Corporation; please refer to
Epic’s Mobile Application Privacy Policy for Patients
for more detailed information about the limited ways they may interact with your information to make your use of Dubai Health App possible.
Approximate location permission
We may request access or permission to your location while you are using our Smart App to provide certain location-based services. Your location may be used and shared with Dubai Health, if location permission is granted, to provide following services:
When a Covid-19 inquiry is generated
When a patient generates an SOS alert or callback requests from the app
When there is a significant location change for self-isolated/quarantined patients
Location sharing is not mandatory for all these services to work but will help Dubai Health in providing more accurate and timely response to your requests in Dubai. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
Dubai Health App may offer location-based check-in for in-person appointments or allow you to find healthcare providers near you. The first time you try to use any features that use your location, we will ask for your consent within the app and will only access your location if you give consent. You do not have to provide consent if you do not want to allow Dubai Health App to use your location. We do not store your location data.
Calendar
Application may ask for Calendar permission to schedule calls with paramedics staff.
Application may ask for Calendar permission to add appointments to your device calendar.
Application may ask for Calendar permission to add appointments to your device calendar.
Camera
This permission has been used to access the device camera for processing OCR on user’s identification documents.
This permission is being used in Dubai Health App to access the device camera for the patient to join to video conference service with the physicians.
Storage and Photos/Media/Files
Storage permission is needed in order to store captured images from the camera and then later access those images for the OCR purpose.
Storage permission is needed in Dubai Health App to access image, audio, video and files from your device to upload on the smart app.
Microphone permission
Allows accessing and recording microphone audio from the User's device to enable Calling and Chatting feature with Paramedics staff in Covid 19 DXB App.
Allows accessing microphone audio from the User's device to enable video conference with the physicians in Dubai Health App.
Activity Recognition permission
Dubai Health Application may ask for Activity Recognition Permission to read and track your physical activity (such has walking, biking or moving in a vehicle), sleep, heartrate and blood pressure data from Google Health Kit and view the same in Dubai Health App.
Wi-Fi Connection Information
Allows the app to view information about Wi-Fi networking, such as whether Wi-Fi is enabled and names of connected Wi-Fi devices.
Bluetooth Connection Information
Bluetooth permission will be used to connect BLE Wristband given to Self-isolated/quarantined patients.
Cookies
Cookies are used to customize users visit and enhance the user surfing experience. It is possible to set most web browsers to reject cookies, accept, or delete these files. However, the refusal or removing cookies may obstruct your user experience.
Links to Other Site
The Dubai Health website and s​​mart apps have ​links to third party websites. Dubai Health has no control over other websites and thus the Dubai Academic Health Corporation (Dubai Health) Privacy Policy does not apply to them. Users are encouraged to read third party privacy policies prior to providing any personal information to third party websites.​
Social Media
Users of social media (e.g., Facebook.com, X.com, LinkedIn.com, Instagram etc.) shall be respectful of the larger community by complying with the terms and policies of each Social Media Host.
Users are encouraged to contribute comments that are respectful and for further discussion on our social media sites, but users shall avoid making comments that might be considered Confrontational, Offensive, Discriminatory, Profane, Off-topic, Spam (i.e., unsolicited promotion of a third-party business), Misprivacy-leading and Fake.
Dubai Academic Health Corporation (Dubai Health) reserves the right to remove comments or content on our social media sites that fit into any one of the above categories, or for any other reason, to preserve the integrity of our social media sites. We may block further posting on our social media sites by any individual who violates this Privacy Policy.
Any comments or content posted by the users do not reflect, in any way, Dubai Academic Health Corporation (Dubai Health)’s opinion.
Information Security Controls
Dubai Academic Health Corporation (Dubai Health) has implemented appropriate controls to protect and safeguard the privacy of user’s personal information shared or collected by Dubai Academic Health Corporation (Dubai Health).
Where appropriate, encryption methods are used to protect information, which is deemed sensitive, or any other data that should remain secure to meet Federal, Local or Dubai Academic Health Corporation (Dubai Health) legal requirements.
Modifications
Dubai Academic Health Corporation (Dubai Health) reserves the right to modify or amend the Privacy Policy at any time and the effective date will be posted at the beginning of the Privacy Policy. It is advisable to check the Privacy Policy on a regular basis for any changes.
If you have questions about the Dubai Academic Health Corporation (Dubai Health) Privacy Policy please contact us via e-mail at:
contactus@dubaihealth.ae
If you wish to proceed, please click "Continue."
Continue
Chat
Hidden
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.epic.com/privacypolicies/?privacy-policy=mobile-policy-patient:
Open main menu
Software
About Us
Our Story
Visiting
Epic Health System Community
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Sustainability
Contact Us
Newsroom
Visit EpicShare
Visit Epic Research
Visit Cosmos
Visit MyChart
Visit open.epic
Visit UserWeb
Visit Showroom
Visit Epic.com
Visit EpicShare
Visit Epic Research
Visit Cosmos
Visit MyChart
Visit open.epic
Visit UserWeb
Visit Showroom
Software
About Us
Our Story
Visiting
Epic Health System Community
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Sustainability
Contact Us
Newsroom
Security & Privacy Policies
For Website
Visitors &
Job Seekers
Website Privacy Policy
For Patients
Mobile Privacy Policy
For Providers
Mobile Privacy Policy
Epic Mobile Application Privacy Policy for Patients
We use site visitor information to improve your browsing experience and this site as described in
our privacy policy
.
Acknowledge