Privacy Policy
Money manager means an App which was created by the Provider to record the Users’ income and expenses as well as other
            financial or nonfinancial records or content by User’s choice. Wallet is available for devices running on Android and
            iOS systems. The purpose of Wallet is to track the expenses and incomes of the User.
App means a specialized program (application) utilized for mobile devices.
What information do we process about you and how is it collected?
We process identification personal data that you provide to us when you create an account and fill in forms during the
            registration process. To register into the App, you are required to create your username by providing us with your
            email which allow us to identify the registered User of our App. You need to also create a password which protects your
            data inside the app. After login, you can update your personal information and add name, surname, date of birth and
            sex. This information helps us to provide you with our Services, including customer support and system alert
            notifications. Providing the name, surname, date of birth and sex) is voluntary and you can use an alias as your name
            and surname.
When you choose to log into the App using your Google or Facebook account, we will receive some of your Google account
            information or Facebook account information in the extent corresponding to your Google/Facebook privacy settings. We
            are receiving from those services your email, name and surname.
When you use the App we collect details as how you use our App, in order to provide you with the Service those data are
            collected by analytical tools – Mixpanel, Fabric or Google Analytics.
When you use Wallet app to track your finances, your transaction data are stored on our servers including income,
            expenses, categories, amounts, currency, labels, account type, date, time and other details provided by the user.
We do not share your personal data with any third party, unless a user decides to use Services such as Bank connection,
            where personal data should be used to be able to provide selected service. Apart from that, users’ Personal Information
            may be visible to our technicians and IT staff when they are troubleshooting and analyzing data import errors and other
            technical errors that may occur during use of the Services.
We do not share these aggregate data with any third party, unless it is anonymized or pseudonymized (e.g. by using only
            your Apple ID code or Google ID code, which does not allow third parties to identifying you). We will maintain the
            personal information as long as you actively use your account in the App.
You have the right to request that your Personal Information be deleted from our primary production servers. You own
            your data. Anytime you want your data removed from our system, you can request us to delete your account from our
            production servers. As a result, your data will be excised permanently from our production servers and further access
            to your account will be impossible.
Additionally, any connection we had established to your Account Information will be disconnected. However, for purposes
            of ensuring continued ability to serve you in case of malfunction or damage to our production servers, we retain
            backups of portions of your data derived from your Account Information on our production servers. Your aggregated data
            is stored in these servers indefinitely. We reserve the right to use any aggregated or anonymous data derived from or
            incorporating your Personal Information.
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information
            provided as part of account registration. If your Personal Information changes, or if you no longer want to use our
            Services, you may correct or delete inaccuracies, or amend information by making the change at any time via the
            Service. However, in some instances we cannot delete all information we hold about you.
Any questions about the privacy policy can be directed to: support@dailyinnovation.biz