NEW
MaintainX CoPilot: An AI assistant built for maintenance teams.
Read Announcement
Alert
Beware of fraudulent recruiting activities impersonating MaintainX.
Learn More
Copy logo as SVG
Visit media kit
Product
Overview
Expert Implementation
Get up and running quickly.
CMMS
Empower your workforce.
Enterprise Asset Management
Manage, track, and analyze your assets.
Industrial Controls and IoT
Collect and act on real-time asset data.
Integrations Marketplace
Connect your entire toolset.
USE CASES
Asset Management
Reduce downtime and improve reliability.
Work Order Management
Create, assign, and track work.
Parts Inventory Management
Manage inventory and stock.
AI-Powered Maintenance
Boost productivity, reduce manual work.
Checklists and Inspections
Ensure safety and regulatory compliance.
Reporting
Turn data into cost-saving insights.
Facility Maintenance
Complete maintenance work on time.
Resource Planning
Streamline scheduling and labor.
Preventive Maintenance
Schedule and track repeatable tasks.
Vendor Management
Centralize contractors and vendors.
Featured
New: Asset Connect for OEMs
Explore Now: Asset Hub
Contact sales: (888) 451-5787
Industries
MANUFACTURING
General Manufacturing
Building Materials
Food and Beverage
Chemicals
Plastics
Automotive
other industries
Restaurants
Education and Schools
Fleet Maintenance
Clubs and Associations
Property Management
Facility Management
Hospitality
Featured
Case Study
Customer Community
Contact sales: (888) 451-5787
Enterprise
Pricing
Resources
Learn
Resource Center
Access industry-specific content.
Case Studies
Client experiences with MaintainX.
Webinars
Live and on-demand sessions.
Blog
Updates from the MaintainX Team.
Learning Center
Build your CMMS and EAM expertise.
Community
Learn from your peers.
More resources
ROI Calculator
Understand the value of MaintainX.
API Documentation
Connect your entire operation with our open API.
Academy
On-demand lessons and certifications for customers.
Featured
Procedure Hub
Help
Help Center
Implementation
Contact
Contact sales: (888) 451-5787
Log In
Sign Up
Book a Tour
Book a Tour
English
English
Español
Contact sales: (888) 451-5787
Contact sales: (888) 451-5787
Sign Up
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Last Revised:
August 19, 2024
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully
. This Privacy Notice describes the data collection, use, protection, and privacy practices of MaintainX, Inc. (hereinafter, “
MaintainX
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) with respect to information and data we may collect in connection with our products, services, and business.  If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice and/or our data practices, please see
18. HOW TO CONTACT US
.
If you're a resident of California or visiting us from the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"), Switzerland, or United Kingdom (“
UK
”), you should read the applicable sections below for specific rights applicable to California (
15. CALIFORNIA
) and the EEA, Switzerland and UK. (
16. ADDITIONAL RIGHTS FOR EEA, SWITZERLAND, AND UK
)
BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY OF OUR SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW), OR SUBMITTING INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF ANY OF OUR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
Table of Contents
1. MaintainX’s Services and Scope of Privacy Notice
2. Important Note Regarding Information Controlled by our Customers
3. Changes to this Privacy Notice
4. Information We Collect
5. Children’s Privacy
6. Sensitive Data
7. MaintainX’s Purposes for Collecting and Using Personal Data
8. Sharing Personal Data
9. Marketing Communications
10. Your Choices
11. Data Retention
12. Data Security and Protection
13. Third Party Social Media Plug-Ins
14. External Websites
15. California Privacy Rights – Shine the Light
16. Additional Rights for EEA, Switzerland and UK
17 International Transfers
18. How to Contact Us
1. MaintainX’s Services and Scope of Privacy Notice
MaintainX’s Services
our business and corporate “
Website
” located at
www.getmaintainx.com
, including, its subdomains, and any other websites that include an authorized link to this Privacy Notice; and
our computerized maintenance and management software as a service platform that we make available online through our Websites and through one or more mobile applications (the “
MaintainX Service
”).
When we refer to the “
Services
” throughout this Privacy Notice, we mean, collectively, the Websites, the MaintainX Service, and any other products, websites, services, and/or applications provided by us and that include a link and/or reference to this Privacy Notice, and any related services and/or new features and/or functionality provided by us through or in connection with any of the foregoing.
The term “personal data” means any information about an individual from which that person may be identified. For example, it may include a person’s name, telephone number, email address, IP Address, or other unique identifiers. It does not include data from which the identity of an individual has been definitively removed along with any identifiers connected to such individual (also known as anonymous or anonymized data or de-identified data).
Please note, our Services are designed for businesses and their representatives, and we do not offer products or services directly to or for use by individuals for their personal, family or household purposes.
Scope of this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to personal data that may be collected, received, and processed in connection with the use of our Services by:
Individual “
Visitors
” browsing or using our Websites or who interact with us through any pages or feeds of our accounts on any social media sites or platforms, such as through LinkedIn, Twitter, and/or any Meta platforms (“
Social Media Platforms
”).
MaintainX’s “
Customers
” who purchased access to the MaintainX Service or other Services pursuant to MaintainX’s terms of use, terms of service, or other agreement entered into by MaintainX and the Customer for use of the applicable Services (the “
Customer Agreement
”).
The employees, contractors, or agents of a Customer who have been authorized to access or use the Services on behalf of the Customer (hereinafter, “
Authorized Users
”).
2. Important Note Regarding Information Controlled by Our Customers
If you are an Authorized User of a Customer, please be aware that certain personal data and other information you provide, submit, and/or upload in connection with the Services as an Authorized User, is collected and processed by MaintainX on behalf of the applicable Customer pursuant to the applicable Customer Agreement as the “data processor” or “service provider” for such Customer who is the “data controller” or “business.”
Each Customer determines its own policies for handling personal data, and if you are an Authorized User, you are responsible for reviewing such policies, including any privacy policies, of the applicable Customer.  If you have inquiries regarding how a Customer processes your personal data or if you wish to submit a data rights request, as applicable under relevant data protection law, please contact the applicable Customer.  Please note that if you submit any such request to us, we will forward it to the applicable Customer.
3. Changes to This Privacy Notice
MaintainX reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Notice at any time.  Except for material changes as described below in this Section, all updates and modifications to this Privacy Notice will be effective from the day they are posted online at
https://www.getmaintainx.com/privacy-policy/
.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will provide you with reasonable notice prior to such change taking effect by sending a notification to the email address we have on file for you, and may also post a prominent notice of any such changes on our Websites.  Material changes to this Privacy Notice will become effective on the date set forth in the notice, and all other changes will become effective from the day they are posted on our Websites.  It is your responsibility to regularly visit and review this Privacy Notice.
If you do not agree to any updates or modifications to the Privacy Notice, cease all use of the Services.  Continued use of the Services by you, or any of your Authorized Users if you are a Customer, after the applicable effective date of the revised Privacy Notice, signifies to us that you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Notice.
4. Information We Collect
The personal data we collect in connection with the use of the Services depends on how and why you use the Services.  For instance, the information that we may process about Visitors is more limited than the information we may process if you are a Customer or Authorized User.
4a. Information Provided Directly to MaintainX by Users of our Services
Contact Information
:
We may collect contact information, such as, your first and last name, phone number, email address and/or mailing address, when you register an account to use the Services (an “
Account
”), sign-up to receive our marketing communications and/or newsletters, or participate in one of our promotions or giveaways (“
Promotions
”).
Account Registration & Profile Information
:  When you register an Account for the Services, we will collect the contact information as described above, and may collect other Account profile information regarding your position or access of the Services as an Authorized User of a Customer as an employee, service repair person, contractor, or agent.
Login Credentials
:  When you login to your Account as a registered user, we collect your username, password and/or other login credentials.
Payment Transaction Information
:  If you purchase a subscription to access the Services, our third-party PCI-compliant payment processors will collect certain payment and transaction information, such as your credit card, bank account information.
MaintainX does not directly collect or store any payment information
.  Payment transaction information is processed and stored exclusively by our third-party PCI-compliant payment processors, in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies and statements, on our behalf in order to collect fees payable by you in connection with your use of the Services.  The information provided to MaintainX only includes partial payment or credit card information, and limited transaction information.
Surveys, Feedback, Communications & Support
:  We collect the information, data, content, documents and/or materials you provide to us when you fill out forms, answer surveys, or contact us (such as your feedback, requests for support, or other communications with us).
Usage Information
: We collect Usage Information as described below in the Section titled
4b. Information Collected Automatically
.
Please be advised that we may ask you to update your information from time to time in order to keep it accurate.
Additionally, if you provide personal data to us about someone else, you must ensure that you are entitled to disclose that information to us and, without us having to take any further steps required by data protection laws, that we may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. For example, you should ensure the individual concerned is aware of the terms detailed in this Privacy Notice and that they have not objected or do not object to you sharing their information with us.
4b. Information Collected Automatically
We and/or our authorized third-party Service Providers or agents automatically collect technical and/or analytics information, using the cookies and similar technologies as described in Section 8 below, about how users use and/or interact with the Services (collectively, “
Usage Information
”), which may include (but is not necessarily limited to) identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server), information about the device and/or platform (e.g., iOS or Android) used by you to interact with and/or access the Services, mobile device number, device and application information, device event information, crash data, and log files and data, identification numbers and features, your approximate location (as determined through your IP address), browser type, plug-ins, integrations, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, websites, apps and/or ads that referred you to the website, advertising and language preferences, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage, and frequency of visits to the websites, and details of which of our products and product versions you are using.
4c. Information Collected from Third Parties or Sources Outside the Services
In some instances, we process personal data from third parties, which consists of:
Our Customers
:  If you are an Authorized User, we may receive personal data about you from our Customers.
Service Providers
: We receive information from third parties that provide services to us that help us in the operation, provision, administration and management of the Services (“
Service Providers
”), such as our cloud or hosting service providers, customer support providers, and our analytics providers.
Third Party Integrations
:  If you interact with and/or use third-party services, platforms, or other online tools that integrate with or connect to the Services (collectively, “
Third Party Integrations
”), we may receive personal data in connection with your use of such Third Party Integrations.
Marketing and Advertising Providers
:
We may receive information from entities who perform advertising and/or marketing functions for MaintainX, which may include, but is not necessarily limited to, business contact information included in potential customer and/or lead lists we may receive.
Other Third Parties & Sources
:
We may receive data and information from third party partners, and/or other data licensors and/or providers that we have a relationship with, and/or information collected from publicly available sources, such as online business profiles, social media accounts, and/or webpages, which may include your name, or a publicly available business address, and related activity on such profiles, social media accounts, and/or webpages.
Social Media Interactions
:  If you interact with us through any Social Media Platforms, we may collect information such as your name, username, demographic information, contact information such as email address, location, interests, and publicly posted data such as your social media activity.
4d. Cookies & Similar Technologies; Targeted Advertising
We or authorized third parties may collect certain information by automated means using cookies and/or similar technologies such as, web beacons, embedded scripts, pixels, and browser analysis tools (collectively, “
Cookies
”). Cookies collect information such as Usage Information. If you do not allow functional cookies then some or all services may not function properly. For more information on our use of these technologies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
We may use third party advertising partners (e.g., Google, Bing, LinkedIn, and Meta) who use targeting/advertising cookies and similar technologies to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers.  Some of our websites use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Inc., which uses cookies to find out how visitors use our website. To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.  You can opt out of Google Analytics by downloading, installing, and enabling the Google Analytics’ Opt-out Browser Add-on, which can be found at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
. For more information on our and/or third-party advertising partners’ use of these targeting & advertising cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
4e. Aggregated Data
and De-Identified Data
We may aggregate or de-identify personal data so that it may no longer be used to identify you and use such information to analyze the effectiveness of our Services, to improve and add features to our Services, to conduct research, and for other similar purposes. With the personal data (including, Usage Information) collected by us, we process “
Aggregated Data
”, such as statistical or demographic data and analyses of the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Services.  From time to time, we may share Aggregated Data with third parties, publish such Aggregated Data, or make such Aggregated Data generally available.  We may collect Aggregated Data through the Services, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Notice. Aggregated Data may be derived from personal data, but is not considered personal data under the law if it does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.  If we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data, which will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We will maintain and use de-identified information in anonymous or de-identified form and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, unless required by law.
5. Children's Privacy
MaintainX does not target the Services to persons under the age of 18, nor does MaintainX knowingly collect personal data of persons under the age of 18.  Therefore, we ask you not to provide us with personal data of persons under the age of 18.  If we learn that personal data of persons under the age of 18 has been collected on or through the Services, then we may deactivate the account or otherwise terminate access to the Services and/or make the information inaccessible.
6. Sensitive Data
MaintainX does not require you to provide any sensitive data about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, health and genetics, or biometric data to use the Services.
7. MaintainX’s Purposes for Collecting and Using Personal Data and Legal Basis
Generally, we process your personal data for one or more of the following legal bases:
Performance of a Contract
:  In order to perform the Services and fulfill our obligations under the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, or if you an Authorized User, the Customer Agreement we have entered into with the relevant Customer. This may also include disclosure to the third parties who help us perform our obligations to you in connection with your use of the Services, such as hosting providers, and payment processors.
Legitimate Interests
:  When it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests (or those of a third party), and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. For example, for security purposes and protection against fraud.
Legal Obligations
:  Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.  For example, keeping records of our sales for tax compliance.
Vital Interests
:  Where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Consent
:  Where you have given us specific consent to use your personal data in a specific purpose. Please note that for this specific legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
More specifically, and depending on whether you are a Visitor, Customer, or Authorized User and how you use the Services, we and/or our Service Providers process personal data for the purposes and on the legal bases (
in italics
) as follows:
To host the Websites and the online aspects of the Services
(performance of a contract)
;
To perform and provide the Services to our Visitors and Customers and their Authorized Users, including, performing our obligations under our Customer Agreements
(performance of a contract)
;
To enable Third Party Integrations that you use in connection with the Services (
performance of a contract or sometimes necessary for our legitimate interests);
To maintain, enable, upgrade, update, improve, and/or enhance the Services, and develop new features, functionality, and/or other products and services
(performance of a contract or sometimes necessary for our legitimate interests)
;
To conduct analytics related to the Services, such as to understand how they are being used and where improvements may be needed (
necessary for our legitimate interests);
To personalize our Services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Services (
necessary for our legitimate interests)
;
To provide customized advertisements, content, and information regarding our Services, where and as permitted under applicable law
(for our legitimate business purposes and with your prior consent where required by law)
;
To facilitate and administer our Promotions
(performance of a contract);
Deliver direct marketing communications to you regarding our products and services that we may think are of interest to you
(for our legitimate business purposes and with your prior consent where required by law when you are not an existing customer)
;
Respond to your queries and requests, or otherwise communicate directly with you
(performance of a contract or sometimes necessary for our legitimate interests)
;
Detect any fraudulent or illegal activity against MaintainX, you, and our other users
(necessary for our legitimate interests)
;
For our business transfers
(necessary for our legitimate interests)
;
To keep you updated about changes to policies related to the Services (including this Privacy Notice)
(performance of a contract or sometimes necessary for our legitimate interests)
;
To comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (for example, keeping records of our sales for tax compliance) (
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation)
; and
Provide information to regulatory bodies when legally required, and only as outlined below in
8f. Legal Obligations and Security
. (
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation).
8. Sharing Personal Data
Aside from disclosing your information to those of our employees, contractors and agents who are authorized to process the information in order to provide the Services and who are committed to confidentiality, we disclose your personal data only to the third parties as described below.
8a. Third-Party Service Providers
We share personal data with our Service Providers that help us in the operation, provision, administration and management of the Services, and to otherwise operate our business.  Depending on how you use the Services, the following categories of third parties collect or receive personal data on our behalf as our Service Providers:
Hosting providers,
Analytics providers,
Payment processing providers;
Providers of business operations and communication tools,
Other third-party service providers that help us provide features and functions for the Services (e.g., customer support providers), and
Professional service providers, such as auditors, lawyers, consultants, accountants and insurers.
For a list of all Service Providers we use, please contact us via email at
privacy@getmaintainx.com
. We require all Service Providers to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
8b. Disclosures Directed by our Customers
We will share and disclose personal data of Authorized Users with the applicable Customer and otherwise in accordance with the Customer’s instructions, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement, and in compliance with applicable law and legal process.
If you are an Authorized User of a Customer, please contact the relevant Customer to learn more about how your information may be used, shared and/or disclosed by us on their behalf
.
8c. Third Party Integrations
When you interact with and/or use Third Party Integrations, certain information may be shared between MaintainX and the provider of the applicable Third Party Integration.  Note that the Third Party Integrations you choose to interact with and/or use are not our service providers. The applicable providers of Third Party Integrations may use personal data differently than we do and we do not control their use of your personal data.  Please review the privacy notices for the Third Party Integrations.
8d. Business Transfers
We may also share data with third parties to whom we choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Notice.
8e. Affiliates and Subsidiaries
Personal data that we collect about you may be shared with the employees, contractors, and agents of MaintainX and our affiliated and subsidiary entities (“
Affiliates
”) who are involved in providing or improving the Services that we offer to you. We obligate the employees, contractors and agents of MaintainX and our Affiliates to ensure the security and confidentiality of your personal data and to act on that personal data only in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
8f. Legal Obligations and Security
Regulatory and Government Bodies – Compliance with Law
We may disclose your information to regulatory agencies and official government bodies, as required to comply with or satisfy any laws, rules, or regulations applicable to MaintainX.
Required Disclosures – Responding to Legal Orders
If we are required to disclose personal data by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena, warrant or other judicial or administrative order, our policy is to respond to requests that are properly issued by law enforcement within the United States. Under such circumstances, unless prohibited by applicable law, we will attempt to provide you with prior notice that a request for your personal data has been made in order to give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure.  We will attempt to provide this notice by email, if you have given us an email address. However, government requests may include a court-granted non-disclosure order, which prohibits us from giving notice to the affected individual.  In cases where we receive a non-disclosure order, we will notify you when it has expired or once we are authorized to do so.
If you are an Authorized User, please consult with the relevant Customer to learn more about how they respond to requests for information pursuant to legal orders.
Exigent Circumstances & Enforcement/Protection of Our Rights
Your information, including the contents of all of your online communications in our Services and between you and MaintainX may be accessed and monitored as needed to provide our Service and may be disclosed to law enforcement, regulatory agencies, official government bodies, and other third parties, as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate:
To enforce our rights under our terms of use, terms of service, customer agreements and/or any other terms and conditions applicable to the use of the Services;
In connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity or activity that may expose us or our affiliates, partners and/or agents to legal liability; and/or
If we receive information that provides us with a good faith belief that there is an exigent emergency involving the danger of death or serious physical injury to a person.
8g. With Your Consent
There may be situations where you are asked to consent to share personal data with third parties for additional reasons not included in this Privacy Notice.  In such event, we will only share such personal data if we have received your prior consent and only for the purposes as listed in the request to share such information.
Except where otherwise required by applicable law, your consent for the use and/or disclosure of your personal data in specific situations will continue in full force and effect until you revoke that consent, which you may do by contacting us via email at
privacy@getmaintainx.com
.  For the avoidance of doubt, the revocation of consent shall only apply to the use the information after our receipt and processing of such request (which we shall process promptly and in accordance with applicable law), and not to any use or disclosure prior to such revocation in compliance with your consent.
9. Marketing Communications
If you have not otherwise opted out (or with your consent where required by applicable law), or if you have opted in to receive direct marketing emails from us, we may use your personal data to send you marketing information about the MaintainX business, our Services, new product releases, new feature releases of the Services, and/or other products and services, that we think may interest you.  We carry out direct marketing by email and may also do so by physical mail.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications, you have the right at any time to opt out as further explained in
10. YOUR CHOICES
.
10. Your Choices
10a. Accessing, Updating and Correcting Personal Data
If you have an Account, you can access, update, and correct certain personal data through the options in your Account.  If you do not have an Account, or you would like to access, update, and correct personal data not available through the options in your Account, please contact us via email at
privacy@getmaintainx.com
, and we will use reasonable efforts to correct and/or update such information.
Please note that if you are an Authorized User, any request to correct, access, update or delete your personal data will need to be directed to the applicable Customer
.
10b. Additional Rights for EEA, Switzerland or UK
If you are visiting from the EEA, Switzerland or UK, you may have additional rights you can exercise as described in
16. ADDITIONAL RIGHTS FOR EEA, SWITZERLAND, AND UK
.
10c. Direct Marketing
You may manage the receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications sent by email by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of any of our marketing e-mails.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to process such requests in a timely manner.  Note that you cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails or communications related to the Services (e.g., requests for support), which, for clarification, are not marketing communications.
10d. Cookies & Targeted Advertising
You can manage your cookie and tracking preferences as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
11. Data Retention
Personal data is processed for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected, to comply with legal and regulatory obligations and for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights.
In order to determine the most appropriate retention periods for your personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your information, the reasons for which we collect and process your personal data, and applicable legal requirements.
In some instances, we may choose to anonymize or de-identify personal data instead of deleting it. When we choose to anonymize or de-identify, we make sure that there is no way that the personal data can be linked back to any specific individual.
If you are an Authorized User, contact the relevant Customer if you wish to request the removal of personal data under their control.
12. Data Security and Protection
We have put in place reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, altered, disclosed, used or accessed in an unauthorized way. For example, we may use encryption, firewalls, and password protection. In addition, we limit access to personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and the third parties who have a business need-to-know.  We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, and while we take reasonable steps to provide secure services, by using the Services, you understand and assume the risks associated with your activities on the internet.
Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Further, even after information posted on the Services is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Services. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we cannot and do not guarantee that information you post on or transmit to the Services will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
13. Third Party Social Media Plug-ins
On or through the Services we may provide third-party “share” buttons which enable you to share certain content via social media sites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and LinkedIn).  These “share” buttons may function as web beacons when you interact with the button.  Please note that when you “share” using the buttons, you may send to the third party provider of the “share” button the information that you are viewing.  If you are not logged into your account with the third party provider, then the third party may not know your identity.  If you are logged in to your account with the third party, then the third party may be able to link information or actions about your interactions with the Services to your account with the applicable third party provider. Please refer to each third party’s privacy policies to learn more about its data practices.
14. External Websites
On or through the Services we may provide or make available, for informational purposes only, links to other websites or resources with which we do not have a contractual relationship and over which we do not have control (“
External Websites
”).  Such links do not constitute an endorsement by MaintainX of those External Websites, and are provided to you only as a convenience. By clicking on links to External Websites, the operators of the External Websites may collect your personal data. We are not responsible for the content or data collection practices of those External Websites, and your use of External Websites is subject to their respective terms of use and privacy policies.
If you download any of our mobile applications in connection with the Services, your app store (e.g., Apple App Store or Google Play) may collect certain information in connection with your use of the applications, including, without limitation, personal data, geolocational information, and other usage-based data. We have no control over the collection of such information by a third-party app store, and any such collection or use will be subject to that third party’s applicable privacy policies.
15. California Privacy Rights - Shine the Light
California residents who have provided us with personal data have the right (under California Civil Code§ 1798.83) to request and obtain from us, once each year, the details of any personal data we shared with a third party for that third party’s direct marketing purposes during the prior calendar year. The details would include the categories of personal data and the names and addresses of the third party with which it was shared.
To request information about this sharing, you may submit a request via email to
privacy@getmaintainx.com
with "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject line, along with your first and last name, and complete mailing address (including street address, city, state, and zip code).
16. Additional Rights for EEA, Switzerland, and UK
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and certain other countries’ data protection laws provide certain rights for data subjects. If you are a resident of the EEA, Switzerland, the UK, or another country with data protection laws that provide for certain data subject rights, you may submit a request to exercise your rights.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Depending on your country of residence, your rights may include.
The right to be informed – that’s an obligation on us to inform you how we use your personal data (and that’s what we’re doing in this Privacy Notice);
The right of access – that’s a right to make what’s known as a ‘data subject access request’ for a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
The right to rectification – that’s a right to request that we correct personal data about you that may be incomplete or inaccurate (though we generally recommend first making any changes in your account if you have one);
The right to erasure (also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’) – that’s where in certain circumstances you can ask us to delete the personal data we have about you (unless there’s an overriding legal reason we need to keep it);
The right to restrict processing – that’s a right for you, in certain circumstances, to ask us to suspend processing personal data;
The right to data portability – that’s a right for you to ask us for a copy of your personal data in a common format (for example, a .csv file);
The right to object – that’s a right for you to object to us processing your personal data (for example, if you object to us processing your data for direct marketing); and
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling – that’s a right you have for us to be transparent about any profiling we do, or any automated decision-making.
Withdraw Consent—that’s the right to revoke any consent you may have previously given us at any time, if we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint—that’s the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal data.
Exercising Your Rights
These rights are subject to certain rules around when you can exercise them. If you are located in the EEA, Switzerland or UK and wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. (See
18. CONTACT US
)
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights) unless your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
We will respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated as required by law.
If you no longer wish to receive our marketing/promotional information, you may opt out as described in the
10. YOUR CHOICES
section above.
Finally, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the supervisory authority for data protection issues in your country of residence. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the supervisory authority, so please contact us first. (See
18. CONTACT US
)
Please note that if you are an Authorized User, we may forward your request to exercise your rights to the relevant Customer with respect to the information controlled by such Customer
.
17. International Transfers
MaintainX is based in the United States. The personal data that we process is stored, hosted and processed on servers located in the United States.  Additionally, MaintainX operates globally and may transfer the personal data that we process to our other offices and to the third parties described above. These recipients may be situated outside of your country or regional area of residence and may process personal data outside of your country or regional area. In particular, information provided to us or collected by us likely will be transferred to and processed in the United States by us or our Affiliates and our respective agents and contractors. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in your country of residence.
We rely on legally-provided mechanisms to transfer personal information across borders where and as required under applicable law.
18. How to Contact Us
General Questions; Data Subject Requests
:  If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us as follows:
By email:
privacy@getmaintainx.com
;
Subject Line
: Privacy Request
By phone: Customer Service at 510-495-0974
By mail: MaintainX, Inc.
Attn
: MaintainX Privacy Request 382 NE 191st Street PMB 98008 Miami, FL 33179-3899
Security
:  If you would like to report a security concern about any of our Services, please contact us at
security@getmaintainx.com
.
Previous Version
2023-08-01
We use cookies on our website. For more detailed information about the
    cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Policy
. By clicking "Accept", you agree to non-essential cookies, or click
    "Decline" for essential cookies only.
Accept
Decline
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms