Roofoods Ltd ("
we
", "
our
", “
us
” or "
Deliveroo
") is committed to protecting the privacy of riders who apply to ride with us (“
rider applicants
”), our riders and their substitutes, including all users of our rider mobile device application ("
Rider App
"), our website
riders.deliveroo.co.uk
(“
Rider Site
”) and related services. We’ll be the “controller” of the information we hold about you.
This privacy policy applies to rider applicants, riders and substitutes (“
you
” or “
your
”). If you are a rider, you must ensure that your substitute has read this privacy policy before riding with us.
Please read this privacy policy which explains how and why we collect, use and protect your information.
Contact details
How we collect your information
Information that we collect about you
Use of your information and why
Communications
Managing your supplier agreement
Terminating your supplier agreement
Sharing your information
Data transfers
Retention of your information
Security
Your rights
Changes to our privacy policy
1. CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any queries, please get in touch by contacting our UK Rider Support team through the Rider Site (
riders.deliveroo.co.uk
, section “Support”, click on “How do I contact Rider Support” then click on “Contact us”). For requests concerning this privacy policy or how we handle your information more generally, see the Your rights section below.
2. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We collect your information when you interact with us, such as when you apply to become a rider, use the Rider App, Rider Site or related services. We also look at how you use the Rider App and Rider Site, to help us improve our services and optimise rider experience. In particular, we collect your information when you:
See more
Apply to ride with us or change your account settings;
Use the Rider App or the Rider Site;
Contact us directly via email, phone, post, message, push notification, or via our chat function;
Participate in a competition, prize draw, promotion or surveys, rider events, our scholarship program or online courses or our partners’ services; and
Browse and use our Rider Site (before and after you apply to ride with us).
We also collect information from third party sites, such as advertising and social media platforms.
3. INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
As part of our commitment to your privacy, we want to be clear about the types of information we collect.
See more
Your rider application and account set up
When you apply to ride with Deliveroo, we ask you to provide information about yourself including your name, contact details, vehicle type, date of birth, relevant address, your right to work, and whether you have any unspent criminal convictions.
If you choose to register a substitute in the Rider App, doing so will allow them to create their own substitute account, with their login details. To do so, we ask you to provide information about the substitute including their name, contact details and date of birth.
During the application process, or at subsequent times where further checks are considered as necessary, we (or a third party) will ask you to provide further information and documents, such as a copy of your passport and proof of address for criminal background checks and right to work checks. If you are required by applicable law to have a licence or insurance for your vehicle type, we might also ask you to provide evidence that you’re compliant with this law, as well as your vehicle registration details. We will track the progress of your application and record the results of your criminal background check (pass/fail only).
During the application process you will be asked to submit a photo (“selfie”) or video of yourself and a photo of your identity document to check your identity. Your selfie will be compared with the photo in the identity document. This comparison is made automatically using an identity verification platform with facial recognition, operated by our service provider called Onfido.
For your account set-up, we will ask you to provide financial (including bank details), tax and business registration information, and further information related to your services for Deliveroo such as contact details of your next of kin (whose details you have permission to share with us for emergency purposes), where you want to work, your kit and a photo. We'll keep a copy of your signed Deliveroo rider agreement with us (“
Supplier Agreement
”).
Payment, ride planning and kit ordering
We record your deliveries, your tips if obtained via the Rider App, your calculated fees and associated fee statement.
When you order kit through our Deliveroo kit store, you are asked to provide information about yourself including your name, contact details, delivery address, order details and payment information (if required).
Your location
When you request to use a location-based function in the Rider App, for example when you want to find a zone centre or use the zone selector control, we access your location from your device in order to provide this functionality. This includes when you opt to use these functions whilst your status is set to ”offline” i.e. not available for orders. If you do not want us to view your location when you are “offline”, please do not request these functions.
When your status is set to “online” (i.e. available for orders) in the Rider App, we collect your location data on a continuous basis for the purposes of engaging your services under your Supplier Agreement including to provide delivery estimates to our customers based on your speed and the type of vehicle you've told us you are using; and to share your location with the customer only whilst you're on delivery so that they can track the delivery of their order. We cannot view your location when your rider status is set to "offline" in the Rider App, but please note that you will need to be online in the Rider App to be offered and/or complete orders.
Unless you request to use a location-based function or set your status to “online” in the Rider App, we do not access or otherwise collect your location data.
Your use of the Rider App, Rider Site and Rider Support
When you use the Rider App and Rider Site we collect information about your use of them, including about your rider online status (when using the Rider App) and (when online) your order progress swipes.
When you interact with our Rider Support team via email, phone, post, chat or on the Rider App or Rider Site (“
Rider Support
”) or Customer Services, including when you report any incident, our team may collect and use information about you. If you interact with Rider Support by phone, your calls may be recorded for legitimate business purposes, including for Rider Support and Customer Services training and improvement purposes.
When you use the Rider App you may be asked periodically to submit a selfie or video of yourself to check your identity. Your selfie will be compared with the photo in the identity document you provided at onboarding when we check your identity documents. This comparison may be made automatically using an identity verification platform with facial recognition, operated by our service provider called Onfido.
Technical data
We collect technical information about your device and your use of your device, including through the use of cookies and other similar technologies, for example, technical information about your device, including characteristics of and performance data about your device, the Rider App and operating system, your device type, unique device identifier, network connection type, app version, phone language, screen size and platform. To track customer orders, we use near-field communication technology to understand when you "check-in" at a Partner location to collect an order. We also ask for permission to access the camera on your device to enable you to take and upload to the Rider App a photo of where you have left an order at a customer's delivery address.
When it comes to cookies and similar technologies, you can change your cookie preferences at any time, including withdrawing any consent you provided at any time. You can also manage and delete cookies through most internet browsers by changing your cookie settings but if you do so, the Rider Site may not work properly.
For further information on our use of cookies and how to manage them please see our
Cookies Policy.
Information about your services
We may receive information about your services or any incident you may have been involved with from the partners who work with us such as restaurants and grocery partners (our "
Partners
"), our customers, other riders or members of the public.
If you take advantage of the perks offered by a third party partner, the partner will share information with us about your interest in those perks, and so that we can confirm to our partner that you are an eligible Deliveroo rider.
We may collect information about you from the feedback you send us or provide to us through focus groups or surveys.
When you use websites or applications of third parties in connection with your services for Deliveroo, including during the application and onboarding process, those sites or applications may collect and process your information independently of Deliveroo. We recommend that you check their privacy policies to understand how they process your personal information.
By accessing the Rider App using other digital routes such as (but not limited to) a tablet or other devices/technology, then Deliveroo's personal information collection and usage as set out in this privacy policy will apply in that context too.
Where you choose to use Google Passkey as a login feature to access the Rider App we collect technical information about one of the two keys needed for you to access your Deliveroo rider account (the other key being stored and only accessible on your device) and your digital signature required to match the two keys. If you’ve opted to use a Face ID or fingerprint with Google Passkey, this functionality needs a biometric scan, for example your face or fingerprint, and this biometric data is only processed on your device. Deliveroo cannot access your scans or biometric data needed for this optional Rider App login function. If the device you use to access the Rider App or Rider Site is shared with other people, including your substitute(s), Google advise you should not use the Google Passkey feature instead of a password as anyone with access to and the ability to unlock the device may be able to access your rider account. For more information about the Google Passkey function, please see Google’s
overview
Information about your trade union membership
We receive information about your trade union membership where you choose to be represented by a union to support or assist you in relation to your interactions with Deliveroo, including any matters involving our Rider Engagement team.
If you do not provide your information
If you do not provide some or all of the requested information, Deliveroo may be unable to accept your application or to complete set-up or manage your rider account.
4. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION AND WHY
We will only process your information if there is a reason for doing so, and if that reason is permitted under data protection law.
See more
Where we need to process your information for the performance of a contract with you, or at your request before we enter into a contract, we use your information to:
provide and manage your rider application, rider account, and onboarding process, including to execute your Supplier Agreement;
perform identity verification, right to work, road licence and insurance checks (where permitted by law) to ensure that you are legally compliant when providing the services and to comply with our internal policies;
provide you with access to and use of the Rider App as a means of Deliveroo engaging your services, including to enable you to accept orders;
manage delivery operations and make the most efficient decisions using automated means when offering you orders, based only on limited personal data, namely rider location (when you set your status to “online” (i.e. available for orders) in the Rider App) and vehicle type. You can choose to unassign from a delivery before collecting an order from the partner through the Rider App or by contacting Rider Support. In addition, you can simply reject offers of orders freely and without limitation. For more information please see our FAQ
How and why am I offered specific orders?
;
review your past orders, including location data whilst on delivery, to understand whether you are fulfilling your obligations under your Supplier Agreement, and take any appropriate action (including termination of your Supplier Agreement);
communicate with you about operational information relating to your services to Deliveroo, such as closed zones, any important changes or developments to the Rider App;
enable Rider Support and Customer Services to communicate with you to support your services;
offer you order-specific delivery fees and calculate and administer payments for your rider services and any referrals, for example whether a surge fee was applicable to you at a certain time and location. Delivery fees are calculated based on parameters, such as rider location (when you set your status to “online” (i.e. available for orders) in the Rider App) and vehicle type. For more information please see our FAQ
How are fees calculated?
;
to enable you to access and use the Deliveroo rider kit store website and services to order, pay for and receive delivery of Deliveroo rider kit.
We may use your information for compliance with our legal or regulatory requirements to:
keep a record of payments made to you;
calculate and administer taxes (including, if applicable, withholding taxes) and to report necessary tax information to relevant authorities;
comply with other legal or regulatory requirements.
We also process your information where we have a legitimate interest to do so, as set out below:
To communicate, by email, post, phone, message, push notifications or in-app messages, with you to
contact you for your feedback on your rider experience;
inform you about opportunities to make more money in connection with the services you provide, such as by riding at certain times or by referring your contacts to consider joining Deliveroo as a rider;
send you news and information in connection with your rider services, the rider community or to help you to understand more about Deliveroo, such as by sending you news, information and general updates, tech updates, for example to help you to find appropriate road safety equipment.
For our onboarding and delivery operations to
audit and store evidence of identity verification, right to work, road licence and insurance checks (where permitted by law) to ensure that you are legally compliant when providing the services and to comply with our internal policies, protect our reputation and mitigate our legal risks;
check whether or not you have unspent criminal convictions. We use a “basic” DBS check because it is in our legitimate interests (and the legitimate interests of our customers, other riders and Partners) to try to prevent our platform from being used for any unlawful purpose and to protect the safety of our customers, other riders and Partner staff, with whom you will work closely when providing the services;
enable you to use or benefit from an insurance policy;
enable our Rider Support, tech and engagement teams to help you with any issues, enquiries or complaints efficiently and effectively, including to fix any bugs or other technical issues in the Rider App using technical information relating to your device;
provide Deliveroo services and a positive experience to our customers and Partners, such as by providing live order progress updates using your order progress swipes on the Rider App.
To develop our business, systems and services to
ensure and improve the efficiency of our services, for example to understand from past data (and never live) (such as your past order progress swipes and other Rider App usage, feedback you gave about orders and your past location data), what causes a negative customer, Partner or rider experience, inefficient deliveries or damage to Deliveroo, and use this past data to responsibly design, develop and test new tools and processes and to improve our business, systems and services;
analyse data about your past rides to make certain assumptions about the types of promotional offers that may be particularly beneficial to you when providing services to Deliveroo. For example, this might result in us sending you offers relevant to the area where you most often work;
train our algorithms to make the most effective and accurate decisions, such as training our order despatch algorithm;
to interact with you (such as via communications or Rider App functionality) to encourage Deliveroo’s network efficiency based on our analysis of your services.
To protect Deliveroo and others to
exercise or defend legal claims and to exercise and protect the rights of Deliveroo, riders, Partners, customers or others, including determining our liability;
enforce the terms of your Supplier Agreement and keep records of such enforcement, including using your information to analyse whether you have breached your Supplier Agreement (such as by misusing the Rider App or acting fraudulently), which may result in us disabling your rider account or terminating your Supplier Agreement if we have the right to do so.
For safety, fraud protection and security to
investigate any complaints or incident reports relating to a rider; prevent fraud or other misuse of our systems and services;
enable auto-login for you into the Rider App and for API authentication;
ensure the integrity and security of Deliveroo’s Rider App, Rider Site and related services, and Deliveroo systems and network;
help maintain the safety and security of Deliveroo, our customers, riders, Partner staff and members of the general public.
For referrals and rider initiatives to
enable your referrer to understand whether they are eligible to receive a referral fee, if you use a referral code in your rider application;
administer and develop rider events and other rider initiatives;
run rider onboarding campaigns where you agree we may do so. We sometimes also use anonymous or aggregated forms of your information in the media or in rider onboarding campaigns (from which you are not identifiable).
We also process your information where we have your consent, as set out below:
where you are onboarded under a short term rider supplier agreement we keep your application details on file for 12 months after the expiry of your short term rider supplier agreement and may contact you about future opportunities to ride with Deliveroo;
where you choose to be represented by a union to support or assist you in  relation to your interactions with Deliveroo, including any matters involving our Rider Engagement team; and
where you choose to use the optional Google Passkey feature instead of a password to access the Rider App.
5. COMMUNICATIONS
Where we have a lawful basis for doing so we will use your information to let you know by email, post, phone, message, push notifications or in-app messages about Deliveroo’s products and services useful to your rider services (such as about Deliveroo kit), about future opportunities to ride with Deliveroo  and/or any promotions from third party partners which are designed to support your provision of services to Deliveroo, such as by reducing the cost to you of providing services and by helping you to provide the services more safely through special deals we find for riders. You always have the option to unsubscribe from promotional electronic communications.
6. MANAGING YOUR SUPPLIER AGREEMENT
Deliveroo uses automated systems to manage delivery operations, key elements of your Supplier Agreement and to identify and investigate potential breaches or fraud. However, Deliveroo does not use solely automated systems to make any decision that could have a serious (for example, a legal or similarly significant) impact on a rider, such as a decision on whether to terminate a Supplier Agreement. Any such serious decisions are only made following a manual review by our rider reviews team.
See more
Use of automated systems to manage operations
Deliveroo uses automated systems to manage delivery operations and key elements of your Supplier Agreement, for example to manage deliveries and to calculate order-specific delivery fees (as described above at 4.1(d) and 4.1(h). However, Deliveroo does not use solely automated systems to make any decision that could have a serious (for example, a legal or similarly significant) impact on a rider, such as a decision on whether to terminate a Supplier Agreement.
Use of automated systems to identify and investigate potential breaches or fraud
We process personal information (as described in the Information That We Collect About You section above), with the support of our systems, to identify and investigate suspected fraud and abuse of the Deliveroo platform and potential breaches of your Supplier Agreement in a more accurate, fair and efficient way.
Our automated systems may help us to identify fraudulent activity or similar misuse of our platform which may result in the temporary disabling of your rider account.
Where we identify a potential breach of a Supplier Agreement or fraud, we complete a manual review of the information collected and we may also look for further evidence, such as similar events in the past. A member of our rider reviews team completing the manual review then makes a decision about the severity of the event and the action required. The action taken could include termination of your Supplier Agreement. We would let you know of any such decision by email and give you the opportunity to respond.
Any decision taken to terminate a Supplier Agreement may also, where appropriate, be checked by another member of our reviews team to confirm the decision taken by the person who first examined the case.
7. TERMINATING YOUR SUPPLIER AGREEMENT
As described above, we use automated systems to help identify certain events that may indicate a breach of your Supplier Agreement. These automated systems may result in us temporarily disabling your rider account if we suspect fraud or a similar misuse of our platform.
Where we identify a potential breach of a Supplier Agreement or fraud, we complete a manual review of the information collected and we may also look for further evidence, such as similar events in the past. A member of our rider reviews team completing the manual review then makes a decision about the severity of the event and the action required. The action taken could include termination of your Supplier Agreement. We would let you know of any such decision by email and give you the opportunity to respond.
Any decision taken to terminate a Supplier Agreement may also, where appropriate, be checked by another member of our reviews team to confirm the decision taken by the person who examined the case.
8. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
The information we collect about you is transferred to and stored on our servers located within the EU.
See more
Sharing your information internally:
We share your information with other Deliveroo group companies carrying out certain processing activities only where necessary for the purposes set out in the Use of Your Information and Why section above.
Sharing your information with third parties:
We share your information with third party service providers that provide services on our behalf, including:
IT service providers:
including cloud, software, analytics, communications and data storage providers.
Operational service providers:
including feedback and survey providers, background and right to work verification and onboarding providers, our support service providers, payment providers, user research partners, professional advisors, financial and administrative services providers and other suppliers, business partners, contractors and subcontractors.
Partners and customers:
we provide limited information to Partners and customers whose orders you accept, for the purposes of our operations.
Insurance companies:
if you decide to purchase third party products or services (such as insurance), or where you are enrolled into a Deliveroo insurance policy, you or the provider may request that we provide your information to the provider to enable them to provide the products, services or policy to you, so we will share this information for this purpose. We may also need to share your information with our insurers to establish whether we are liable for any incident you have been involved in whilst providing services to us.
Rider perk partners:
if you have indicated an interest in their services.
Anyone who refers you as a rider:
Your referrer will be given updates about progress towards their referral fee in relation to you, such as if you've reached the required orders for them to receive their fee or if their referral has been unsuccessful.
Media:
where we have the legal right to do so, such as if you share (including by publishing or causing to be published) any details about your rider services for Deliveroo which are misleading or inconsistent with our records of your rider services for Deliveroo, including regarding details about your earnings, we may share your information (such as in the form of a correction) with the media.
Unions:
where you choose to be represented by a union to support or assist you in relation to your interactions with Deliveroo, including any matters involving our rider engagement team, we will share your information with the union
as requested
.
In certain circumstances, we may also share your information:
If our business enters into a joint venture with, purchases or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed or transferred to the target company, our new business partners or owners or their advisors.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we are under a duty to comply with) any legal or regulatory requirement. This includes where we’re under a legal obligation or need to provide information to relevant tax authorities, respond to police requests for personal information or to exchange information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and prevention.
Where we reasonably believe that you or another person has been harmed or is at risk of harm in connection with your rider services for Deliveroo.
In order to enforce our contractual terms with you.
In the event of a dispute relating to your services to Deliveroo, or to protect the rights of Deliveroo, Partners, customers, or others, including to prevent fraud.
With such third parties as we reasonably consider necessary in order to detect or prevent crime, e.g. the police.
As a main rider account holder: If you choose to register a substitute in the Rider App in advance, doing so will allow them to create their own substitute account, with their own login details. Substitutes won’t have access to the main rider account holder's details, such as earnings or be able to change bank details.
As a substitute with your own substitute account: The main rider account holder will have access to your information, including your deliveries and earnings (in the Rider App and if they ask us for it).
9. DATA TRANSFERS
In some cases your information may be processed outside the UK or European Economic Area (“EEA”), such as the USA, the Philippines and countries in which Deliveroo operates. These countries may not have the same protections for your information as your country of residence. However, we are obliged to ensure that your information processed by us and our service providers outside of the UK or EEA is protected in the same way as it would be if it was processed within the UK or EEA.
Whenever we transfer your information outside the UK or EEA we ensure that a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
we will only transfer your information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information; or
we may use specific contracts approved for use in the UK or the EEA, as applicable, which give personal information adequate protection, such as where we use certain service providers.
10. RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will only retain your information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of safety, security, fraud prevention and to satisfy any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain information for a longer period in the event of a complaint.
See more
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we will take into account factors including:
the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information;
the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your information;
the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means;
our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved;
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain information for a certain period of time;
applicable regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements;
statute of limitations under applicable law(s);
our legitimate interests for retaining the information (see ‘Use of Your information and Why’ above);
whether there is an actual or potential dispute; and
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your information (see Your Rights section below).
At the end of a retention period, we will delete or anonymise your information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) and is therefore no longer considered personal information. We may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you, for example for research or statistical purposes.
11. SECURITY
We adopt robust technologies and policies to protect your information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. We have implemented procedures to deal with any personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
See more
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we take steps to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to the Rider Site or the Rider App; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Where you have chosen a password which allows you to access certain parts of the Rider App or Rider Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You must keep any password you create, or other secure login method, secret, and prevent unauthorised access to your account. We advise you not to share your password with anyone. If you choose to share your password with your substitute, please make sure they are also aware that they must keep it confidential and secure and not share it with anyone else.
12. YOUR RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection law in relation to the information we hold about you. These include:
See more
The right to be informed.
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the information in this privacy policy. If your Supplier Agreement has been terminated and you have questions about this, in the first instance please see our
FAQ
and you can also contact the UK Rider Support team via this
Rider Site page.
The right of access
. This is also known as a “data subject access request”. You have the right to receive a copy of the information we hold about you and to check that we are processing it lawfully.
The right to rectification.
You are entitled to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new information you provide to us.
The right to erasure
. This is also known as “the right to be forgotten”. You have the right to request the deletion or removal of certain information that we hold about you where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. This right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances.
The right to restrict processing
. You have the right to block or suppress further use of your information in certain circumstances. When processing is restricted, we may still have a lawful reason to hold your information, but we will not use it further.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. This right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances.
The right to withdraw consent
. Where we rely on consent to use your information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawing consent will not, however, make unlawful our use of your information before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent we may not be able to provide certain services to you.
The right to object to processing
. You have the right to object to certain types of processing of your information, including processing for direct marketing purposes and profiling.
You also have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your information.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer in writing at
dpo@deliveroo.com
. If you are unhappy with how we handled your information you can contact your local data protection authority. In the UK this is the
ICO
. We would, however, really appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach your local data protection authority and so we ask that you please contact us first.
13. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We update this privacy policy from time to time, so remember to check back in every so often, in case anything has changed and, where appropriate, we may notify you of the changes, for example by email or other method.
This privacy policy was last published on: 17 December 2024