Privacy Policy
Last updated: Jan 13, 2022
Introduction
We are Everfit Technologies, Inc (
“
Everfit
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”)
and
we provide a software platform that enables health and fitness businesses to manage operations and provide health and fitness coaching, whether in person or online.
Everfit’s services include workout and nutrition planning, content scheduling and sharing, messaging (in-app, email, SMS, push), logging personal health records, payment services, and providing tools to help businesses collaborate, get analytics, and grow their business.
We predominantly act as a processor on behalf of Trainers (as defined below) who should have their own privacy notices in respect of their Clients (as defined below).
This Privacy Policy shall only apply in the limited circumstances where we are a controller (as described below).
We provide our services to:
personal trainers, sport coaches, and/or health professionals that use Everfit to connect with their clients (
Trainers
); and
Trainers’ clients that use Everfit to connect with their Trainers (
Clients
).
The Privacy Policy applies to both Trainers and Clients, but it is important to distinguish the two as Everfit’s personal information obligations differ, depending on whether you are a Trainer or a Client.
We have tried to make it clear when this Privacy Policy applies to you but if you have any questions at all please contact us here: legal@everfit.io
Trainer
Client
This Privacy Policy applies in respect of the personal information you, as a Trainer, provide to
This Privacy Policy applies in respect of the personal information you, as a Client, provide to Everfit to:
When is this Privacy Policy applicable to me?
Trainer
Client
This Privacy Policy applies in respect of the personal information you, as a Trainer, provide to Everfit to:
register your account (e.g. name, email address, etc.)
enable you to create programs;
carry out any marketing,
as further described below.
This Privacy Policy applies in respect of the personal information you, as a Client, provide to Everfit to:
register your account (e.g. name, email address, etc.);
subscribe to coaching services;
purchase coaching through our Platform;
carry out any marketing,
as further described below.
You will need an appropriate privacy policy in place in respect of any Client personal information you obtain in the course of providing the Services (as defined below).
Everfit will be a processor (and will process such personal information in accordance with the Data Processing Agreement) but is not a controller of such personal information.
The Trainer’s privacy policy will apply in respect of any personal information shared with the Trainer in respect of the Services (as defined below). Everfit will be a processor but is not a controller of such personal information. If you want to know more about how your personal information is held by the Trainer, ask to see their privacy policy.
We use personal data to provide, develop and promote Everfit. Everfit respects your privacy, and we are committed to protecting it as explained throughout this Privacy Policy.
Where applicable (see above), this Privacy Policy describes (a) the types of information we collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website at
www.everfit.io
(the
“Website”
) and/or use our mobile application (the
“App”
), (b) our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information; and (c) your data protection rights and our contact details. We refer to the App and the Website together as the
“Platform,”
and the services available through the Platform as the
“Service”
. Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and contact us as described below in Section XIII if you have any questions.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:
Through the Service.
By e-mail, text, and other communications between you and us and/or the Service.
Through mobile and desktop applications.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Privacy Policy.
It does not apply to information:
Collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website or application operated by us or any third party (including but not limited to our affiliates and subsidiaries);
Collected by any third party (including but not limited to our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Platform; or
Information concerning Trainers that we process on behalf of Trainers, in the course of Trainers providing Services.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will handle your information. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you agree not to use our Platform.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Platform after we make changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
If we make material changes to how we process your personal information or how you may exercise your rights, we will notify you through a notice in the Service. The date this Privacy Policy was last updated is identified at the top of the first page of this Privacy Policy. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Index
I. Information We Collect
II. How We Use Your Information
III. How We Collect Your Information And How Long We Keep It
IV. How We Share Your Information
V. Children’s Privacy
VI. How We Protect Your Information
VII. How You May Change, Remove, Or Export Your Information
VIII. Links To Third-Party Websites And Services
IX. Updates To This Privacy Policy
X. Non-US Users
XI. Rights Of Users From The EEA
A. Data Controller
B. Rights Of EEA Residents
XII. Your California Privacy Rights
XIII. Everfit Data Usage and Privacy Disclosure for Google API Services
XIV. Contacting Everfit
I. Information We Collect and How We Collect It
The Platform offers Trainers various tools to provide health and exercise information and guidance to their Clients and facilitates communications between and among Trainers and Clients.  The information we may collect from and about you through the Platform depends on whether you are a Trainer, a Client, or a general visitor of our Platform.
Personal Information We Collect from Any Users of Our Platform
The information we collect on or through the Platform from Trainers, Clients and other users of our Platform may include:
Records of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through the Platform.
Your search queries in the Platform.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on the Platform, for example to subscribe to our newsletter, respond to surveys or enter a contest or promotion, or to report an issue.
Personal information about you that we receive from others, such as other users or our payment processors.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed on the Platform, or transmitted to other users of the Platform or third parties (collectively,
“User Contributions”
). Your User Contributions are posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Platform with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed or accessed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Directly from Trainers
We collect personal information relating to Trainers for the purpose of billing subscription fees and any payment service fees when they use the Services.
In respect of any Trainers that access the Platform through their employing gym or studio we are generally acting only as a processor and the gym or studio owner will be the controller that is ultimately responsible for how their staff’s personal information is used.
However, for the purposes of our legal rights we may be required to process the following types of Trainer personal information as controller:
Basic personal and contact details (including your name, date of birth, gender and e-mail address.
Information regarding your business, such as the size and type of your business.
Payment information, collected and processed by our payment provider.
Information We Collect Directly from Clients
Everfit collects personal information relating to Trainer’s customers or clients (Clients) to allow them to access the Services.
With the exception of any personal information we lawfully collect for our marketing purposes, where we collect and process personal information relating to Clients, we are generally acting only as a processor and the Trainer is the controller that is ultimately responsible for how their Client’s personal information is used.
However, for the purposes of our regulatory obligations and legal rights we may be required to process the following types of Client personal information as controller:
Basic personal and contact details (including your name, date of birth, gender and e-mail address).
Username and  password.
Sign-on information provided to third parties (where a Client accesses the Services through a third-party interface, such as a social media platform)
Membership and/or account details
Payment information, collected and processed by our payment provider.
Automatic Data-Collection Technologies
In addition to the specific information above, in respect of any users of our Platform, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your location, device, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to and actions on the Platform, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data, the resources that you access, and your use of the Platform.
Information about your computer or device and internet connection, including as applicable, your IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile network information, location, time zone and/or telephone number.
Metadata and other information associated with files stored on your device.
Technologies we use for automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Service.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of the Service may use local stored objects (Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on the Service. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. The Platform and our e-mails may use small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Service are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Service. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). Contact us at
legal@everfit.io
for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on the Platform and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.
The information we collect includes personal information, and we maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. This helps us to improve the Service and deliver a better and more personalized service.
II. How We Use Your Information
Clients
We largely use information that we collect about Clients or that Clients provide to us, including any personal information as a processor to provide Everfit to Trainers and gym owners. Consequently, Clients should check the privacy notice of the Trainer or gym from which they registered to receive services.
As detailed above, there are some occasions where we act as controller of Client personal information and this Privacy Policy shall apply. We have provided more detail around the lawful bases for which we process such information within the table below.
Trainers
In accordance with applicable data protection law, we will only process your data where we have a lawful basis for doing so or for our business and commercial purposes. In respect of your personal data, these bases are: (i) where it is necessary to provide services to you under the performance of a contract we have with you; (ii) where we are required to do so in accordance with our legal or regulatory obligations; (iii) where you have given your consent; and (iv) where it is in our legitimate interest to process your personal data, provided that none of these prejudice your own rights, freedoms and interests.
The following are a list of the “Purposes” for which we (including any of our agents, processors, and/or employees) process your personal data and the lawful basis on which we carry out such processing:
Trainer / Client
Purpose
Lawful Basis
Trainer and Client
To provide the Services to you (including setting-up, managing and validating your account)
Necessary for the performance of a contract.
Trainer and Client
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
Necessary for the performance of a contract.
Trainer
To notify you about updates to our Services, including expiration and renewal notices
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Trainer
To carry out market research campaigns and improve the Platform and our other websites, apps, marketing efforts, products and services.
Legitimate interests so that we can better understand the products and services that our customers most enjoy
Trainer and Client
To send you push notifications on mobile devices where you have agreed to this
Consent
Trainer and Client
To prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats of harm
Legitimate interests to prevent fraud, breaches of our agreements, and threats of harm
Trainer and Client
To store information about you and your preferences, allowing us to customize the services according to your individual interests and recognize you when you return to the platform.
Consent
When you sign up for a subscription or make a purchase, any credit card information you provide is collected and processed directly by our payment processor, which is currently Stripe, Inc. (
“Stripe”
), through their checkout service. We never receive or store your full credit card information. Stripe commits to complying with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) and using industry standard security. Stripe may use your payment information in accordance with the
Stripe Privacy Policy
.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
We also aggregate and anonymise Client’s and Trainer’s personal information to use for developing and monitoring our Services. In addition, we collect analytical information about the use of Everfit to maintain and develop our Services.
III.  How Long We Keep Your Information
We will only store your information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information is collected and processed or, where applicable law provides for longer storage and retention periods, for the storage and retention period required by law.  After that your personal information will be deleted.
IV. How We Share Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
The Service provides a platform for virtual training and fitness/health guidance.  As a result, personal information of Clients, including workout performance and health information, is made available to Trainers in order for Trainers to provide guidance and advice.  Video and audio recordings may be made of Client workouts and instructional sessions in order to facilitate Trainer review and advice.  Trainers may also post audio and video recordings for instructional purposes.  Clients may further share personal information with Trainers through the communication channels incorporated in the Platform.  In some cases, Client information may be shared within Everfit forums or group chats with other Clients and with Trainers other than the Client’s designated principal Trainer.
Trainers are responsible for protecting Clients’ personal information that they collect and processing that information in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Clients who have questions about Trainers’ privacy practices should contact the Trainers directly.
We may also disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Everfit’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Everfit about Platform users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, security or safety of Everfit, our customers, or others, or to address technical issues. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on
Adobe’s website
. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Service may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from Everfit. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by Everfit to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to legal@everfit.io. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to Everfit as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative on
their website
.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Service and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an e-mail at
legal@everfit.io
to request access to, object to,  correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
If you are a Trainer or Client, deletion of your personal information will require us to also delete your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other users. Proper access to and use of information, including User Contributions, is governed by our
Terms of Service
.
V. Children’s Privacy
The Service is not intended for children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are under thirteen (13) years of age, do not use or provide any information on the Platform.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under thirteen (13) without verification of prior parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we may possess or have received any information from or about a child under thirteen (13) without such prior parental consent, please immediately contact us at legal@everfit.io.
In one or more countries outside the United States, the applicable age is fourteen (14) years of age, rather than thirteen (13) years of age.
California residents under sixteen (16) years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
VI.
How We Protect Your Information
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, theft, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have issued you (or you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Service, you are responsible for keeping your password confidential. Please do not share your password with anyone.
We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your login information or other identification in a non-secure or unsolicited communication (such as e-mail).
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to or on our Service. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. You assume this risk by using any part of the Service. We are not responsible for circumvention of any of our privacy settings or security measures, and/or any damages resulting from such circumvention.
VII. How You May Change, Remove, Or Export Your Information
You may e-mail us at legal@everfit.io to request that we delete your personal information from our database.  For such requests, please write “delete my account” in the subject line, and include your first and last name and e-mail address in the body of the message. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for administrative purposes.
Please note that we will store communications you may send through the Service, as well as any comments you may post, and they may not be subject to modification or deletion.
You may also control the information that we collect through the settings in your browser or mobile device.  You may configure your browser to reject cookies from Everfit and may adjust the settings of your mobile device to prevent the Platform from obtaining location information.  However, please note that the Service may rely on cookies and location information to function properly and some parts of the Service may not be available if you disable cookies.
VIII. Links To Third-Party Websites And Services
The Service may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements.  If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service, and not to this Privacy Policy.  We do not control third-party websites or services, and fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Service does not mean that we endorse its or its provider, or have approved the provider’s policies or practices related to user information.
Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, please review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service.  You agree that Everfit will have no liability for any matters relating to a third-party website or service that you provide information to, including their collection and/or handling of that information.
IX.  Non-U.S. Users
When we refer to the term
“GDPR”
in this Privacy Policy we mean the European Union General Data Protection Regulation.  The term
“EEA
” means the European Economic Area.
Information that you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy. If you are located outside the United States, you understand that we may transfer personal information to and process it in the United States. If you are located in the EEA, you freely consent to the transfer of personal information outside of the EEA. Your consent to this Privacy Policy together with your submission of personal information constitute your agreement to these transfers.
XI. Rights Of Users From The EEA
A. Data Controller
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, Everfit Technologies, Inc is the Data Controller of your personal information.
B. Rights of EEA and UK Residents
If you are accessing or using the Platform from within the EEA or UK, you may have the following rights under the GDPR (as well as other rights). If you wish to exercise any of these rights, you may do so by contacting us as provided (i) in the “Contact” link below, (ii) in Section XIII below, or (iii) otherwise in this Privacy Policy.
Right of Access:  You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not we process personal information from you and you also have the right to at any time obtain access to your personal information stored by us.
Right to Correction of your Personal Information:  If we process your personal information, we use reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which your personal information was collected.  If your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to require us to correct it.
Right to Deletion of your Personal Information or Right to Restriction of Processing:  You may have the right to require us to delete your personal information or to restrict of processing of your personal information.
Right to Withdraw your Consent:  If you have given your consent to the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on the consent before the withdrawal.
Right to Data Portability:  You may have the right to receive the personal information concerning you and which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit this data to another controller.
Right to Object:  You may have the right to object to the processing of your personal information as further specified in this Privacy Policy.
Right to Lodge a Complaint with Supervisory Authority:  You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority .  Further information about how to contact your local data protection authority and how these rights can be exercised is available at the
website of the European Commission
and the Information Commissioner’s Office’s
website
(for UK citizens).
XII. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, USA resident and user of the Service, you have specific rights regarding our handling of your “personal information” as specifically defined in California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civil Code Section § 1798.83. This law permits users of our Service who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to
legal@everfit.io
or write us at: Everfit Technologies Inc, c/o Gamma Law, PO Box 136, San Francisco, California 94104-0136.
Within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. A request may be made no more than once per calendar year and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the e-mail address and mailing address above.
Please review our complete
Privacy Policy for California Residents
.
XIII.
Everfit Data Usage and Privacy Disclosure for Google API Services
At Everfit, we are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring the secure handling of your data. We want to inform you that our app complies with the Google API Services User Data Policy.
Any use and transfer of information received from Google APIs to any other app, within the scope of Everfit’s services, will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
XIV. Contacting Everfit
If you have any questions, inquires, requests, comments or complaints concerning this Privacy Policy or our information practices, please contact us at
legal@everfit.io
or by regular mail at the following address: Privacy Officer, Everfit Technologies Inc, c/o Gamma Law, PO Box 136, San Francisco, California 94104-0136.
Contact Us
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stripe.com/us/checkout/legal:
Consumer Terms
Consumer Terms of Service
Link Account Terms
Financial Connections Terms
Identity Terms
Fiat-to-Crypto Onramp Terms
Additional Terms
Arbitration Agreement
Link E-Sign Disclosure
Privacy Policy
Link Bank Payments Authorization
Acceptable Use Policy
Consumer Terms Contracting Entity
Consumer Terms Governing Law
Pay By Bank Payment Initiation Services
Last updated: January 16, 2025
1. Description of Link
Link is a service that allows you to save and manage your information for an accelerated experience ("Link"). Link powers an accelerated checkout by storing your information upon your authorization and retrieving it for faster checkouts. When you make a purchase at a business that uses Stripe and offers Link as an accelerated checkout option (a "Link Merchant"), you will be asked if you would like to save your information or use your information saved to your Link account for future payments across Link Merchants when you are logged in with us on the same browser, app or device.
When you authorize us to save your information, you are signing up for Link and creating a Link account ("Link Account"), and we will collect and store certain personal data from you, such as:
Your name, email address, and mobile phone number ("Account Information");
Your credit card, debit card, bank account information, and billing address ("Payment Information");
Your shipping address ("Shipping Information"); and
Information related to your purchase from a Link Merchant, such as the order date, amount, and product details (such as name, price, photos) ("Order Information").
Together, your Account Information, Payment Information, Shipping Information and Order Information are your "Saved Information." We will use all personal data we collect about you in accordance with the
Link Privacy Policy
, including to develop and analyze our services and to share with our Link Merchants and our Business Users. The data we share with Link Merchants and Business Users may include: (i) the fact that you have a Link Account, (ii) the fact that you completed a purchase using Link, and (iii) the payment method type used for a purchase you made using Link. Business Users are businesses that are using our products and services for business purposes, subject to the
Stripe Services Agreement
. We may also share your Account Information with our financial partners in order to assist you in obtaining services from our financial partners.
When you use Link on a Link Merchant's website, we or the Link Merchant will use cookies or similar technologies to associate your web browser, app, or device (or data regarding your web browser, app, or device) to your Link Account and to recognize you when you visit that Link Merchant or another Link Merchant on the same web browser, app, or device. You will be able to log in to your Link Account to access your Saved Information by inputting your email address and using a passkey or a verification code sent to you via SMS text message or by email. You can then make purchases using your Account Information, Payment Information, and Shipping Information across Link Merchants when you are logged in with us on the same browser, app or device. When you are logged into Link, we will provide the Link Merchant with your Account Information, Payment Information, and/or your Shipping Information to facilitate a faster checkout. If you are not logged in to Link, for example, because your session has expired, you've cleared your cookies, or you're using a device that is different from the one you used to last access Link, you may log in again via the same method outlined above.
2.
Use of Link: Your Rights and Obligations
You may only save Payment Information with us that you are authorized to use.
When you are logged into your
Link Account
and you input or use a new payment method (such as a different debit or credit card, or a different bank account), you authorize Stripe to save that new payment method information to your Link Account as part of your Payment Information. The last payment method you used to make a successful transaction may become your default payment method the next time you are completing a transaction on a Link Merchant's site. You may also change your default payment method by logging into your
Link Account
on app.link.com.
Message and data rates may apply for any SMS messages that we send to you, or you send to us. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, contact your wireless or mobile provider.
We reserve the right to modify or terminate Link or any of the features or tools provided therein for any reason (acting in our reasonable discretion), and at any time. We will try to notify you first unless it is unreasonable to do so.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
3. Updating or terminating your Link Account
These Link Account Terms are effective unless and until they are terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Link Account Terms at any time by
deleting your Link Account
.
If you want to delete your Saved Information, your Link Account, or stop storing information using Link, please let us know by visiting
https://support.link.com/how-to-delete-your-saved-payment-information
and submitting your email address.
You can manage your Saved Information on your
Link Account
, the next time you checkout on a Link Merchant site, or by visiting
https://support.link.com
for more instructions. Should you update your Payment Information, you authorize Stripe to validate and store your Payment Information, including your credit card, on file.
If your access to your Link Account is terminated by you or us, we will delete your Saved Information in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
4. Adding or Removing a Payment Method
You can add or remove certain payment methods to your
Link Account
such as a credit card, debit card, a buy-now-pay-later (BNPL) account, or a U.S. bank account. Before linking a payment method, you should review and understand the consumer protection rights and remedies available for different payment sources in your jurisdiction, such as under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (EFTA) and Fair Credit Billing Act (FCBA) in the United States.
If you add a BNPL account to your Link Account, your BNPL account will remain logged-in via your Link Account. This means that you will not need to separately log in to your BNPL account to access it via Link. It also means that access to your Link account will also provide access to your BNPL account.
Please keep your Payment Information current (e.g., credit card number and expiration date). If this information changes, you authorize us to, as permitted by and in accordance with the law, update it using information and third-party sources available to us without any action on your part. If you do not want us to update your card information, you may remove your Payment Information from your
Link Account
.
Removing a payment method from your
Link Account
does not cancel or change any amounts you still owe to a Link Merchant or to a BNPL provider. Specifically, if you remove a payment method from your Saved Information, this will not terminate or cancel any outstanding payment plans you may have entered into with a BNPL provider or any subscriptions you may have purchased with a Link Merchant using your Saved Information. You must cancel your subscriptions with the Link Merchant directly, and you must manage your BNPL payment plans with the BNPL provider directly.
Where applicable, we may ask you to connect your bank account to your Link Account to make it easier to pay with your bank account subsequently through your Link Account. Any bank account you choose to save to your Link Account is referred to as a "Saved Bank Account." Through your Link Account and under the Financial Connections Terms, you may also choose to provide your Saved Bank Account details directly to a Business User regardless of whether Stripe is involved in a subsequent transaction. We will collect data from your Saved Bank Account (and other accounts under the same account credentials) pursuant to the
Financial Connections Terms
and the
Link Privacy Policy
. We may use your Saved Bank Account data to, among other things, verify that your Saved Bank Account is valid, check your balance to confirm there are sufficient funds for your purchase, streamline your requested payments and assess your eligibility for and offer you Consumer Services that we or our affiliate provides. You authorize us to credit amounts or otherwise send payments to the bank account you would like to save to your Link Account and your existing Saved Bank Account(s), including to determine whether your bank account is valid and active, as well as for promotions and refunds.
Each time you use your Link Account to pay a Link Merchant using your Saved Bank Account, you are authorizing the Link Merchant to debit your Saved Bank Account for up to the total amount you authorize the merchant to charge ("Total Authorized Amount") pursuant to the
Link Bank Payments Authorization
. You authorize us to retry a debit on your Saved Bank Account if your bank rejects the original debit. If the Link Merchant chooses, they may debit your Saved Bank Account, pursuant to your
Link Bank Payments Authorization
, for amounts less than the Total Authorized Amount, which in the aggregate will not exceed the Total Authorized Amount. Where your Saved Bank Account is a U.S. bank account, you agree that your grant of the authorization in this paragraph complies with the National Automated Clearinghouse Association (NACHA) operating rules and has the same legal effect as if you had signed a paper mandate containing the same terms.
If you do not see an option to pay using a bank account through your Link Account, it may be because the Link Merchant has not allowed those payments or the Link Merchant or bank is not eligible for bank payments via our Consumer Services. If your bank account transaction fails without an actual attempt to debit your Saved Bank Account, it may be because we determined the transaction is at high risk of being returned unsuccessfully (e.g. if your historical account balance is below the transaction amount). This can help prevent you from incurring insufficient funds fees from your bank. We recommend that you use a different bank account or payment method or reach out to us if you have questions. Your use of your bank account as a payment method is also subject to the terms, benefits, and protections associated with your personal bank account. If you use your bank account as a payment method and do not have sufficient funds to make a purchase, you could incur overdraft fees, insufficient funds fees or other fees with your bank.
If at any time you would like to revoke your
Link Bank Payments Authorization
or you no longer want your Saved Bank Account to be a payment method saved to your Link Account, you must delete your Saved Bank Account as a payment method from your
Link Account
. If a payment with your Saved Bank Account was not initiated from your Link Account but involved Link or Stripe connecting your financial account with that Business User, please see the Financial Connections Terms or
this page
for information on how to disconnect your Saved Bank Account.
5.
Backup payment method
If your default or selected payment method is unavailable, or the transaction is unsuccessful using that payment method (for example, because your Saved Bank Account has insufficient funds), the Link Merchant may initiate a transaction on any other payment method saved to your Link Account (a "Backup Payment Method"). Generally, transactions on Backup Payment Methods will be attempted in the following order, if applicable: (1) Saved Bank Account, (2) debit card, and (3) credit card. In some cases, a Backup Payment Method of the same type will be used (for example, if your default payment method is a card, the Backup Payment Method may also be a card).
We will identify that a Backup Payment Method applies before you complete the purchase (e.g., whether during a one-time checkout or for any subscription payments, during the initial subscription purchase).
If you do not wish to have a Backup Payment Method used, you may either (i) not consent to the use of the Backup Payment Method or (ii) manage your payment methods on your
Link Account
.
6. Beta Program
If you would like access to Link’s newest products and services, you can opt in to participating in the Link beta program via the settings in your
Link Account
. When you join the Link beta program, you are authorizing us to process your Saved Information to determine if you are eligible for our newest products and services. We may also send you communications to market the availability of a new product or service.
7. Security
We take the protection of your Saved Information seriously and have  implemented technical and organizational measures designed to safeguard it from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. These measures include industry-standard practices and technology to help maintain the security, confidentiality, and integrity of your data.
While we strive to provide robust security, no system is completely foolproof. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or misuse your Saved Information. We encourage you to remain vigilant and take responsibility for securing your personal data, knowing that you provide it at your own risk.
Learn more about our security
here.
If you have reason to believe that the security of your Link Account has been compromised, please contact us immediately at
support.link.com/contact
.
8. Dormant Accounts
If your Link Account remains inactive for a continuous period of two years, we may consider the account dormant and may close your Link Account at our discretion (a "Dormant Account").
A Link Account is considered a Dormant Account if you have not done any of the following Link Account activities during a continuous two year period:
Making a payment or purchase using Link at a Link Merchant;
Adding, updating or removing any of your Saved Information;
Initiating account settings changes or updating security preferences;
Engaging with customer support related to your Link Account, including inquiries or disputes; or
Logging in to your Link Account and browsing or reviewing transaction history.
Prior to closing the Dormant Account, Stripe will notify you using the email address associated with your Link Account. Starting from the date of our notice to you, we will provide you with a period of 30 days to reactivate your Link Account by logging in and performing any Link Account activity listed above.
If Stripe does not receive a response or the account remains inactive after the 30-day notice period, your Link Account will be closed.
9. Protection from Unauthorized Transactions (only for U.S. consumers)
You may view your Link Account statement that shows your Link Account transactions and certain Order information by logging into your
Link Account
("Link Transaction History").
To protect yourself from unauthorized activity in your Link Account, you should regularly log into your Link Account and review your Link Transaction History. You should review transaction details to ensure that each transaction was authorized and accurately completed.
Stripe will protect you from unauthorized transactions initiated with your Link Account. When this protection applies, Link will cover you for the full amount of the unauthorized activity as long as you cooperate with us and follow the procedures described below.
What is an Unauthorized Transaction?
An "Unauthorized Transaction" occurs when your Link Account is used to make a purchase with a debit card issued by a U.S.-based bank or a U.S. bank account that you did not authorize and that did not benefit you. For example, if someone steals or fraudulently obtains access to your Link Account and makes a purchase using your Link Account with a saved U.S. debit card or a U.S. Saved Bank Account, an Unauthorized Transaction has occurred.
What is not considered an Unauthorized Transaction?
The following are NOT considered Unauthorized Transactions:
If you grant authority to someone to use your Link Account (by giving them your login information) and they exceed the authority you gave them. You are responsible for transactions made in this situation unless you have previously notified Stripe that you no longer authorize transactions by that individual.
Other unauthorized purchases using the Saved Bank Account, including via Stripe's payment processing services, but that are not initiated with your Link Account. For those types of unauthorized purchases, contact your financial institution to report the unauthorized activity.
Reporting an Unauthorized Transaction.
If you believe your Link Account has been compromised, please contact Link consumer support immediately at
support.link.com/contact
or call 1-888-820-7551.
Tell us IMMEDIATELY if you believe that an electronic fund transfer has been made without your permission using your login information or by other means. If you tell us within the 60 days after we provide you with your Link Transaction History showing transfers you did not make, you may be eligible for a refund of the full amount paid for Unauthorized Transactions.
10. Error Resolution (only for U.S. consumers)
What is an Error?
An "Error" means the following:
An "Unauthorized Transaction", as it is defined above.
When a transaction is incorrectly recorded in your Link Account.
You send a payment and the incorrect amount is debited from your Link Account.
An incorrect amount is credited to your Link Account.
A transaction is missing from or not properly identified in your Link Transaction History.
We make a computational or mathematical error related to your Link Account.
You request Link Transaction History that Stripe is required to provide to you.
You request information concerning pre-authorized (recurring) transfers from your Link Account that Stripe is required to provide to you.
You request additional information or clarification concerning a transfer from your Link Account, including a request you make to determine whether an error has occurred.
You inquire about the status of a pending transfer from your Link Account.
What is not considered an Error?
The following are NOT considered Errors:
If you give someone access to your Link Account (by giving them your login information) and they use your Link Account without your knowledge or permission. You are responsible for transactions made in this situation.
Requests for duplicate documentation or other information for tax or other recordkeeping purposes.
In case of Errors or questions about your electronic transfers
Telephone us at 1-888-820-7551, contact us at
support.link.com/contact
, or write us at
Link │Built by Stripe
Stripe, Inc.
354 Oyster Point Blvd.
South San Francisco, CA 94080
Notify us as soon as you can, if you think your statement or receipt is wrong or if you need more information about a transfer listed on the statement or receipt. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after the problem or error appeared on your Link Transaction History.
Tell us your name and account number.
Describe the error or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an error or why you need more information.
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error.
If you tell us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint or question in writing within 10 business days.
We will determine whether an error occurred within 10 business days after we hear from you and will correct any error promptly.
We will tell you the results after completing our investigation. If we decide that there was no error, we will send you a written explanation. You may ask for copies of the documents that we used in our investigation.
Sub-policy 1
https://everfit.io/ccpa:
Everfit Privacy Policy for California Residents
Last updated: July 27, 2021
Supplemental Privacy Policy
This
Privacy Policy for California Residents
supplements the information contained in Company’s
Privacy Policy
and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (
“consumers”
or
“you”
). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this policy.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device, as defined in Cal. Civ. Code §1798.140(o)(1)  (
“personal information”
). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information, and
Information legally excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (
“HIPAA”
).
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
YES
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
YES
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions when you visit
www.everfit.io
(the
“Website
”).
Use of Personal Information
We may use, sell, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may share your personal information by disclosing it to a third party for a business purpose. We only make these business purpose disclosures under written contracts that describe the purposes, require the recipient to keep the personal information confidential, and prohibit using the disclosed information for any purpose except performing the contract. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has not disclosed personal information for a business purpose to the categories of third parties indicated in the chart below.
We may also share your personal information by selling it to third parties, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales. Our personal information sales do not include information about individuals we know are under age sixteen (16). In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has not sold personal information to the categories of third parties indicated in the chart below. For more on your personal information sale rights, see
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
.
Personal Information Category
Category of Third-Party Recipients
Business Purpose Disclosures
Sales
A: Identifiers.
NONE
NONE
B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
NONE
NONE
C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
NONE
NONE
D: Commercial information.
NONE
NONE
E: Biometric information.
NONE
NONE
F: Internet or other similar network activity.
NONE
NONE
G: Geolocation data.
NONE
NONE
H: Sensory data.
NONE
NONE
I: Professional or employment-related information.
NONE
NONE
J: Non-public education information.
NONE
NONE
K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
NONE
NONE
Reselling Personal Information
The CCPA prohibits a third party from reselling personal information unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales. We currently do not provide personal information for resale to third parties.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months (the
“right to know”
). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see
Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete
), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a
“data portability request”
).
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions (the
“right to delete”
). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete), we will review your request to see if an exception allowing us to retain the information applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546
et. seq.
).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
vii. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
viii. Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We will delete or deidentify personal information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records and will direct our service providers to take similar action.
Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete
To exercise your rights to know or delete described above, please submit a request by either:
Emailing us at legal@everfit.io.
Regular Mail at: One Sansome Street, Suite 3500, San Francisco, CA United States, 94014.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request to know or delete related to your personal information. You may also make a request to know or delete on behalf of your child by emailing us at legal@everfit.io.
You may only submit a request to know twice within a twelve (12) month period. Your request to know or delete must:
Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include personal identification for you, your parent or legal guardian, and/or authorized representative, as applicable.
Describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
You do not need to create an account with us to submit a request to know or delete.
We will only use personal information provided in the request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make it.
For instructions on exercising your sale opt-out or opt-in rights, see
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights.
Response Timing and Format
We will confirm receipt of your request within ten (10) business days. If you do not receive confirmation within the ten (10) business day timeframe, please contact us at legal@everfit.io.
We endeavor to substantively respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to another forty-five (45) days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding our receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are age sixteen (16) or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the
“right to opt-out”
). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than sixteen (16) years old, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the
“right to opt-in”
) from either the consumer who is between thirteen (13) and fifteen (15) years old, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than thirteen (13)  years old. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:
http://everfit.io/ccpa-form
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by contacting us at legal@everfit.io. You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date.
Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information described here and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Website:
www.everfit.io
Email:
legal@everfit.io
Postal Address:
Everfit Technologies, Inc.
One Sansome Street, Suite 3500
San Francisco, CA United States, 94014
Attn: Legal
If you need to access this policy in an alternative format due to having a disability, please contact
legal@everfit.io
.
Contact Us