You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Create An Account or Login
Your one-stop team for office lunch delivery
Find out more or register your company
What We Do
Lunch Team pairs up with your city's best health food restaurants to provide free lunch delivery, straight to your company's office. That's right, completely free with no minimum orders and no delivery fees. From individuals ordering a healthy salad, team leaders holding a brown bag meeting or office managers offering lunch to the company, our bespoke food solution fuels the performance of some of the worlds best companies.
Find out more
Lunch Made Simple
Join the Team
Everyone creates their own individual account by entering their email in the Order Now box, hitting return and following the set up instructions.
Choose Your Favorite
They choose their lunch their way from any of the fabulous restaurants on display, charging to their card or to account if the boss is feeling generous.
Eat and Enjoy
Food will then be delivered to the agreed drop off location by the agreed time, individually bagged and labelled, with an email notification sent on arrival.
Find out more
Why Use Us
Companies
Employees
When the employee pays all of the cost:
Use Lunch.Team for free as a core part of your health and well being programme offering healthy eating for employees from some of the cities finest restaurants at the touch of a button.
When the company pays part or all of the cost:
Attract top talent, increase productivity and make the team feel loved with Lunch.Team Premium, our canteen replacement solution.
Use our variable subsidy programme to offer lunches for individual teams or the whole company in a way that works practically and financially.
Our simple, quick ordering software with native apps and integrated accounts package means the Lunch.Team solution is completely management free for your company.
Whether ordering platters for meetings, doughnuts for the team or lunches for the whole company get one simple bi-weekly bill with full traceability.
Find out more
Some of Our Clients
Find out more