English
中文
本隐私政策（以下简称 "政策"）解释了 Beta Mob（在本政策中称为 "我们"、"我们的 "或 "我们的"）收集、存储、使用或以其他方式处理下文定义的我们服务的最终用户（在本政策中称为 "您 "或 "您的"）的个人数据的方式，以及我们收集这些数据的原因、我们如何使用这些信息，以及您如何行使您的隐私权。
在本政策中，"服务 "是指我们的游戏、网站以及我们直接控制的任何相关服务或属性。"游戏 "是指我们拥有和运营的在线游戏或应用程序 - 拉米麻将一起玩。
我们深知个人信息及隐私对您的重要性，并会尽全力保护您的个人信息安全。我们致力于维护您对我们的信任，确保您的个人信息及隐私得到合理的保护，不被非法收集、使用和分享，并确保您依法享有知情、控制等权利。
本隐私政策旨在帮助您了解如下内容：
1. 我们如何收集、使用您的个人信息；
2. 我们如何分享、转让、披露您的个人信息；
3. 我们如何存储您的个人信息；
4. 我们如何保护您的个人信息；
5. 您的权利；
6. 本隐私政策的更新；
7. 如何联系我们删除个人信息
请在使用我们的服务前，务必仔细阅读并了解本隐私政策或具体协议。当您点击/勾选同意本隐私政策，我们将视为您充分理解并同意本隐私政策的全部内容，尤其是其中加粗的部分内容，可能涉及加重您的责任或者免除我们的义务。
在本隐私政策中，“我们”意为给您提供服务的久游网。本隐私政策适用于我们通过游戏收集、使用、存储、分享您的个人信息。
一、我们如何收集、使用您的个人信息
我们收集您的信息主要是为了所有您能够更容易、更满意地进行我们的游戏。
我们会出于以下目的，收集和使用您以下类型的信息：
1. 您主动向我们提供的个人信息
（1）帮助您完成注册及登录
当您通过应用程序进入我们的游戏，为了识别您的身份、完成注册，您需要向我们提供您的APPLE账号或Facebook账号的个人信息（包括昵称、头像、地区及性别）。
（2）向您递送活动奖励
经我们主办、协办的某些活动中，您需要向我们提供您的递送信息（包括个人身份信息、姓名、收货地址、邮政编码、联系电话、支付状态信息），以获得有关实物奖励。若您提供向我们提供的递送信息并非您本人的，在提供该实际收货人的前述信息之前，您应确保已获得该收货人的授权同意。
请您向我们提供真实的，经有效授权的个人信息。您可以决定不提供上述信息，或要求删除之前提供的任何信息。但是，如果您这样做，您可能无法全部或部分获得、使用、购买我们产品或服务。
2. 您使用我们产品或服务过程中的个人信息
（1）客服服务
我们会在与您的电话沟通、回访中收集到客服与您的通话录音记录，以方便帮助我们快速、高效地解决问题或了解、记录相关问题的处理方法和结果。
（2）为您提供安全保障
为给您提供一个尽可能安全的游戏环境，我们可能会在检测盗版、扫描外挂等破坏游戏公平环境或干扰、破坏游戏服务正常进行的行为的同时，收集到您的设备信息、游戏的日志信息等。
				设备信息是指我们、我们的关联方或第三方合作伙伴可能会根据您在软件安装及使用中授予的具体权限，接收并记录您所使用的设备相关信息（例如：设备的硬件信息， 设备的软件信息）、设备所在位置相关信息（例如：设备的地理位置信息）；
				日志信息是指您的登录用户名，登录时间，访问时间，访问IP，访问资源，访问频率等信息。还有当您进行充值、消费活动时，我们将会收集您的充值记录、消费记录等交易信息，您可以随时随地查询您的交易信息。
您可以决定不提供上述信息，或要求删除之前提供的任何信息。但是，如果您这样做，可能会影响您获得、使用、购买我们产品或服务的体验或者精准度，或者会影响我们的网络游戏平台的正常运行。
4. 第三方向我们分享您的个人信息
您使用第三方产品或服务时，您可能会许可或者授权第三方向我们转移您的个人信息，例如您在使用社交媒体等第三方服务或者活动时，可能会许可第三方向我们提供包括但不限于您的其他个人信息（包括但不限于用户ID、昵称、个人偏好、交易记录，甚至是发布的评论等）。
				这些第三方网络可能有自己的隐私政策，解释其如何使用和分享您的个人信息。在使用这些第三方网络之前，您应当仔细阅读其隐私政策，确保您同意其收集和分享您个人信息的方式。
				我们使用上述个人信息的方式主要包括：完善您的注册信息，向您提供我们的产品或服务，商品展示、个性化推荐或发送营销信息，内部审计、数据分析和研究，以及符合本隐私政策的其他方式。
5. 收集、使用征得授权同意的例外
原则上，在未经您许可的情况下，我们不从任何第三方收集、使用您的个人信息。但根据相关法律法规，下列情况无需征得您的授权同意：
(1) 与国家安全、国防安全直接相关的；
(2) 与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
(3) 与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的；
(4) 在紧急情况下为保护其它您或第三人的人身财产安全但又很难得到您本人同意的情形下；
(5)所收集的信息是您自行向社会公众公开的；
(6) 从合法公开披露的信息中收集个人信息的，如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道；
(7) 根据您的要求签订和履行合同所必需的；
(8)用于维护我们网络安全稳定运行所必需的，例如发现、处置游戏或服务的故障；
(9)法律法规规定的其他情形。
6. 其他用途
如我们要将您的信息用于本隐私政策中未明确载明的其他用用途或额外收集本您隐私协议中未提及的您的其他信息，我们将会另行事先取得您的授权。如您授权的，即该额外收集的您的个人信息将被视为本隐私政策的一部分并适用于本隐私政策。
				我们可能通过技术手段对数据进行去标识化处理，去标识化处理的信息将无法识别您的身份，在此情况下我们有权使用已经去标识化的信息，对用户数据库进行分析并予以商业化的利用，且无需另行获得您的同意。
7. 重要提示
如所有的企业都可能面临的问题一样，考虑到信息技术、网络空间本身的特点，在某些特殊情况下（例如黑客攻击、电信故障等），尽管我们采取了法律、法规等规定的必要的措施，但仍然存在个人信息泄露的风险。除非本隐私政策有其他规定，为了保护您的人身或财产安全，我们特别提示您不要通过公共网络，向我们或任何以我们名义为您提供服务的第三方，提供您的财产状况、健康生理、账户密码或验证码、通信内容等涉及您人身或财产安全的敏感信息。
二、我们如何分享、转让、披露的您的个人信息
1. 分享
我们不会向我们之外的任何第三方分享您的个人信息，以下情形除外：
（1）获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
（2）我们可能会根据法律法规规定，或按政府主管部门的强制性要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
（3）为实现本隐私政策第一条“我们如何收集和使用信息”部分所述目的，我们可能向合作伙伴、关联企业分享您的个人信息，以帮助我们为您提供产品的或服务，例如：代表我们发出电子邮件或推送通知的通讯服务提供商；
（4）向委托我们进行推广的合作伙伴等第三方共享，目的是为了使该等委托方了解推广的覆盖面和有效性，但我们提供的为不能识别个人身份的统计信息。比如我们可以告知该委托方有多少人收看其推广的信息或在收看这些信息后购买了委托方的商品，帮助其了解其受众或顾客；
				我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要、特定、明确的目的共享您的信息。对我们与之共享信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，要求对方按我们的说明、本隐私政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理信息。对于擅自摄取我们之您资料的关系企业或合作对象，您同意授权我们向其追究法律责任。
2. 转让
我们不会向我们之外的任何第三方转让您的个人信息，以下情形除外：
（1）获得您的明确同意后，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息。
（2）在涉及包括合并、收购、资产转让、破产清算或类似的交易行为，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会要求新的持有您信息的公司、组织继续受本隐私政策的约束，否则，我们将要求该公司、组织重新向您征求授权、同意。
3. 披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，且采取安全防护措施的前提下，才会披露您信息：
（1）根据您需求，在您明确同意的披露方式下披露您所指定的信息；
（2）遵守法院判决、裁定或其他法律程序的规定；
（3）遵守相关政府机关或其他法定授权组织的要求；
（4）未执行相关服务协议或本隐私政策、维护社会公共利益，为保护我们的用户、我们或关联公司、雇员的人身财产安全或其他合法权益合理、合法且必要的用途。
4. 分享、转让、披露信息时事先征得授权同意的例外
根据相关法律规定，以下情形中，我们共享、转让、披露您的个人信息无需事先征得您的授权同意：
（1）与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
（2）与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
（3）与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等有关的；
（4）出于维护您或其他个人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人同意的；
（5）您自行向社会公众公开的信息；
（6）从合法公开披露的信息中收集信息的，如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道。
如您需要更多我们分享、转让、公开披露您个人信息方式的信息，请通过本隐私政策最后一部分公布的方式，联系我们。
三、我们如何存储您的个人信息
我们存储您的个人信息的主要目的是满足本隐私政策所列的个人信息收集、使用、分享的目的，同时也是为了您控制权和知情权的实现。
若我们适用的法律对我们保存您的个人信息的期限有明确规定的，我们将遵守该等规定。法律没有明确规定的，我们将保存您的个人信息，直至：（1）我们收集、使用、分享您个人信息的目的全部实现；（2）您终止使用我们的产品或服务；（3）您明确要求我们删除您的个人信息。个人信息保存到期后，我们将采取删除、匿名化处理或者法律规定的其他方式。
某些特殊情况下（例如容灾备份、提升用户连接体验），在遵守使用的法律的前提下，我们可能会在前述区域外存储您的个人信息。我们确保，将您的个人信息传输至其他区域时，当地法律不会减损您的个人信息保护力度，我们也将采取一切必要的措施保证该等个人信息的安全。若根据适用的法律有明确的要求，我们将对个人信息跨境传输采取定期安全评估，并根据评估结果决定是否继续跨境传输您的个人信息。
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
我们致力于保护您的个人信息。我们采用了恰当的技术措施和组织设置，包括：
1. 在合理的安全水平内单一或者结合使用下述安全保护措施以保障您个人信息的安全：
a）使用https进行加密信息通讯；
b）使用阿里云WEB应用防火墙进行网络安全防护；
c）使用网络防火墙进行网络攻击防护；
d）操作系统拥有严格的安全机制（在访问控制、账户安全策略、可靠性、审计、关闭端口、防病毒、系统服务等方面均已拥有对应的安全机制）。
2. 我们仅允许有必要知晓您个人信息的员工、合作伙伴访问您的信息，并为此设置了严格的访问权限控制和监控机制。同时我们要求可能接触到您信息的所有人员履行相应的保密义务。如果未能履行这些义务，可能会被追究法律责任或被中止与我们的任何关系。
3. 互联网环境并非绝对安全，例如，安全漏洞情况、其它的第三方拦截互联网的传输内容等。如发生个人信息泄露等安全事件，我们将会针对不同的的安全事件启动安全预案，进行止损、分析、补救措施。同时我们将按照相关法律法规及时将安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取的应急措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议等告知到您。告知的形式将以邮件、信函、电话、推送等为主，同时将按照有关部门要求上报事件的处置情况。
五、您的权利
1. 访问、查询、更新和删除
您有权访问、更正、删除您的个人信息，法律法规规定的例外情况除外。
可通过本隐私政策最后一部分公示的联系方式联系我们进行查询、修改和删除。我们将在30天内回复您的查询、修改、删除请求。
在以下情形中，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
（1） 如果我们处理个人信息的行为违反法律法规；
（2） 如果我们收集、使用您的个人信息，却未征得您的同意或者超出了与您的约定；
（3） 如果您不再使用我们的产品或服务，或您注销了账号；
（4） 如果我们不再为您提供产品或服务。
当您从我们的服务中删除信息后，我们可能不会立即在备份系统中删除相应的信息，但会在备份更新时删除这些信息。
2. 改变您授权同意的范围
我们向您提供的产品或者服务，部分功能需要一些基本的个人信息才能得以完成（见本隐私政策“第一部分”）。对于额外收集的个人信息的收集和使用，您可以随时给予或收回您的授权同意。
您可以随时通过本隐私政策最后一部分公示的联系方式联系我们，我们将在30天内回复您的改变授权同意或者不想接受我们给您发送的商业广告的请求。当您收回同意后，我们将不再处理相应的个人信息。但您收回同意的决定，不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
3. 注销您的账户
您可以随时通过最后一部分公示的联系方式联系我们，我们将在30天内回复您的注销的请求。
在注销账户之后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并依据您的要求，删除您的个人信息，法律法规另有规定的除外。
4. 我们如何响应您的上述请求
请您谅解的是，在访问、更新、修改和删除前述信息，或者在改变您授权同意的范围、注销您的账户时，您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们可能会要求您进行身份验证，以保障信息安全。
对于那些无端重复、需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者非常不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：
（1） 与国家安全、国防安全直接相关的；
（2） 与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
（3） 与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的；
（4） 有充分证据表明您存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
（5） 响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
（6） 涉及商业秘密的。
六、本隐私政策的更新
我们的隐私政策可能变更。我们还会将本隐私政策的旧版本存档，供您查阅。
我们将依法审核、更新本隐私政策，还会在文首标注最近的更新日期。对于重大变更，我们会以显著的方式通知您。您接到通知后继续使用我们的产品或服务的，或者明确表示同意的，视为您理解并同意更新的内容。
我们坚决履行我们的承诺。未经您的允许，我们绝不向对已有个人信息保护程度减弱的方向改动政策或行为。
七、如何联系我们
如您对本用户隐私政策或其他相关事宜有疑问、建议、投诉，请通过我们设立的个人信息保护的专职部门进行联系。联系方式是：lamimahjong@gmail.com（邮箱）。我们将在收到您的问题后30天内予以答复。
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains the ways Beta Mob (referred to as “we”, “us”, or “our” in this Policy) collects, stores, uses, or otherwise processes personal data of end users of our Services as defined below (referred to as “you” or “your” in this Policy), and why we collect it, how we use that information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
In this Policy, “Services“ refers to our Games, Websites, and any related services or properties we directly control. “Games” refers to online games or applications that we own and operate - Lami Mahjong.
We are well aware of the importance of personal information and privacy to you, and will do our best to protect the security of your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, ensuring that your personal information and privacy are reasonably protected from illegal collection, use and sharing, and that you have the right to know and control in accordance with the law.
This privacy policy is designed to help you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your personal information;
2. How do we share, transfer and disclose your personal information;
3. How do we store your personal information;
4. How do we protect your personal information;
5. Your rights;
6. Updates to this privacy policy;
7. How to contact us to delete personal information
Please read and understand this privacy policy or specific agreement carefully before using our services. When you click/check to agree to this privacy policy, we will consider that you fully understand and agree to the entire content of this privacy policy, especially the content in bold, which may involve aggravating your responsibilities or exempting our obligations.
In this privacy policy, "we" means Jiuyou.com, which provides services to you. This privacy policy applies to our collection, use, storage, and sharing of your personal information through games.
1. How we collect and use your personal information
We collect your information mainly for all of you to be able to play our games more easily and more satisfactorily.
We will collect and use the following types of information from you for the following purposes:
1. Personal information you actively provide to us
(1) Help you complete registration and login
When you enter our game through the application, in order to identify your identity and complete the registration, you need to provide us with your APPLE account or Facebook account personal information (including nickname, avatar, region and gender).
(2) Deliver activity rewards to you
In some activities sponsored and co-organized by us, you need to provide us with your delivery information (including personally identifiable information, name, delivery address, postal code, contact number, payment status information) to obtain relevant physical rewards. If the delivery information you provide to us is not yours, you should ensure that you have obtained the authorization of the consignee before providing the aforementioned information of the actual consignee.
Please provide us with real and validly authorized personal information. You can decide not to provide the above information, or request to delete any previously provided information. However, if you do this, you may not be able to obtain, use, or purchase our products or services in whole or in part.
2. Personal information during your use of our products or services
(1) Customer service
We will collect call recording records between customer service and you during our telephone communication and return visits to help us quickly and efficiently solve problems or understand and record the processing methods and results of related problems.
(2) Provide you with security
In order to provide you with a game environment that is as safe as possible, we may collect your device information and game log information while detecting piracy, scanning plug-ins and other behaviors that disrupt the fair environment of the game or interfere with or disrupt the normal operation of game services. Wait.
				Device information means that we, our affiliates or third-party partners may receive and record the device-related information you use according to the specific permissions granted by you during software installation and use (for example: device hardware information, device information Software information), information related to the location of the device (for example: geographic location information of the device);
				Log information refers to your login user name, login time, access time, access IP, access resources, access frequency and other information. In addition, when you perform recharge and consumption activities, we will collect transaction information such as your recharge records, consumption records, and you can query your transaction information anytime, anywhere.
You can decide not to provide the above information, or request to delete any previously provided information. However, if you do this, it may affect your experience or accuracy of obtaining, using, and purchasing our products or services, or affect the normal operation of our online game platform.
4. Third parties share your personal information with us
When you use third-party products or services, you may permit or authorize a third party to transfer your personal information to us. For example, when you use third-party services or activities such as social media, you may permit a third party to provide us with Limited to your other personal information (including but not limited to user ID, nickname, personal preferences, transaction records, and even posted comments, etc.).
				These third-party networks may have their own privacy policies explaining how they use and share your personal information. Before using these third-party networks, you should carefully read their privacy policies to ensure that you agree to their methods of collecting and sharing your personal information.
				The ways we use the above personal information mainly include: perfecting your registration information, providing you with our products or services, product display, personalized recommendation or sending marketing information, internal auditing, data analysis and research, and compliance with this privacy policy other methods.
5. Exceptions for collection and use with authorization and consent
In principle, we will not collect or use your personal information from any third party without your permission. However, according to relevant laws and regulations, your authorization and consent are not required for the following situations:
(1) Directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) It is directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) In an emergency to protect the personal and property safety of other you or a third person, but it is difficult to obtain your own consent;
(5) The information collected is disclosed to the public by yourself;
(6) Collecting personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
(7) Necessary to sign and perform the contract according to your requirements;
(8) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of our network, such as discovering and handling game or service failures;
(9) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
6. Other uses
If we want to use your information for other purposes not explicitly stated in this privacy policy or to collect additional information about you not mentioned in this privacy agreement, we will obtain your authorization in advance separately. If you authorize, that additional collected personal information will be regarded as part of this privacy policy and applicable to this privacy policy.
				We may use technical means to de-identify the data. The de-identified information will not be able to identify you. In this case, we have the right to use the de-identified information to analyze and commercialize the user database. Without your consent.
7. Important Notice
Like the problems that all enterprises may face, taking into account the characteristics of information technology and cyberspace itself, in some special circumstances (such as hacker attacks, telecommunication failures, etc.), although we have adopted the necessary provisions of laws, regulations, etc. Measures, but there is still the risk of personal information leakage. Unless otherwise stipulated in this privacy policy, in order to protect your personal or property safety, we specifically remind you not to provide us or any third party that provides services to you in our name to provide your property status, health, physiology, Account password or verification code, communication content and other sensitive information related to your personal or property safety.
2. How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information
1. Share
We will not share your personal information with any third party other than us, except in the following circumstances:
(1) After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
(2) We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, or compulsory requirements of government authorities.
(3) In order to achieve the purpose described in the "How do we collect and use information" section of Article 1 of this privacy policy, we may share your personal information with partners and affiliated companies to help us provide you with products or services, such as : The communication service provider who sends out emails or push notifications on our behalf;
(4) Sharing with third parties such as partners who entrust us to promote, the purpose is to make these entrusting parties understand the coverage and effectiveness of the promotion, but we provide statistical information that cannot identify individuals. For example, we can tell the entrusting party how many people have watched the information promoted by it or purchased the goods of the entrusting party after watching the information, so as to help it understand its audience or customers;
				We will only share your information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes. For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with them, requiring the other party to process information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. You agree to authorize us to pursue legal responsibilities for affiliated companies or partners who have obtained your information from us without authorization.
2. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any third party other than us, except in the following circumstances:
(1) After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties.
(2) When it involves mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, bankruptcy liquidation or similar transactions, if it involves the transfer of personal information, we will require new companies and organizations that hold your information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise , We will ask the company or organization to ask you for authorization and consent again.
3. Disclosure
We will only disclose your information under the following circumstances and under the premise of taking safety precautions:
(1) According to your needs, disclose the information you specify in a disclosure method that you explicitly agree to;
(2) Comply with court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures;
(3) Comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or other legally authorized organizations;
(4) Failure to implement the relevant service agreement or this privacy policy, safeguard the public interest, and protect the personal and property safety of our users, our or our affiliates, employees, or other legitimate rights and interests that are reasonable, lawful and necessary.
4. Exceptions for obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, and disclosing information
According to relevant laws and regulations, in the following situations, we do not need to obtain your authorization in advance to share, transfer, and disclose your personal information:
(1) Related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) In order to protect your or other individuals' life, property and other major legal rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person;
(5) Information that you disclose to the public on your own;
(6) Collecting information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
If you need more information about how we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information, please contact us through the methods announced in the last part of this privacy policy.
3. How do we store your personal information
Our main purpose of storing your personal information is to meet the purposes of collecting, using, and sharing personal information listed in this privacy policy, and also for the realization of your right to control and to know.
If our applicable laws have clear regulations on the period for us to store your personal information, we will comply with those regulations. Where the law does not clearly stipulate, we will keep your personal information until: (1) our purposes for collecting, using, and sharing your personal information are fully realized; (2) you terminate the use of our products or services; (3) you clearly Ask us to delete your personal information. After the expiration of the storage of personal information, we will delete it, anonymize it, or other methods required by law.
Under certain special circumstances (such as disaster recovery backup and user connection experience improvement), we may store your personal information outside of the aforementioned areas under the premise of complying with the laws of use. We ensure that when transferring your personal information to other regions, local laws will not detract from the protection of your personal information, and we will also take all necessary measures to ensure the safety of such personal information. If there are clear requirements in accordance with applicable laws, we will take regular security assessments for cross-border transfers of personal information, and determine whether to continue to transfer your personal information across borders based on the assessment results.
4. How do we protect your personal information
We are committed to protecting your personal information. We have adopted appropriate technical measures and organizational settings, including:
1. Use the following security protection measures in a single or a combination of reasonable security levels to protect the security of your personal information:
a) Use https for encrypted information communication;
b) Use Alibaba Cloud WEB application firewall for network security protection;
c) Use network firewalls for network attack protection;
d) The operating system has a strict security mechanism (it has corresponding security mechanisms in terms of access control, account security policies, reliability, auditing, port closure, anti-virus, system services, etc.).
2. We only allow employees and partners who need to know your personal information to access your information, and set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. At the same time, we require all personnel who may have access to your information to perform the corresponding confidentiality obligations. If you fail to fulfill these obligations, you may be held accountable or be suspended from any relationship with us.
3. The Internet environment is not absolutely secure, for example, security breaches, other third parties blocking Internet transmission content, etc. In the event of a security incident such as personal information leakage, we will initiate a security plan for different security incidents to stop loss, analyze, and remediate measures. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the emergency measures we have taken, and the suggestions you can independently prevent and reduce risks in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. The form of notification will be mainly mail, letter, telephone, push, etc. At the same time, the handling of the incident will be reported in accordance with the requirements of relevant departments.
5. Your rights
1. Access, query, update and delete
You have the right to access, correct, and delete your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations.
You can contact us for inquiries, modifications and deletions through the contact information publicized in the last part of this privacy policy. We will respond to your inquiry, modification, and deletion request within 30 days.
In the following situations, you can request us to delete personal information:
(1) If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) If we collect and use your personal information, but have not obtained your consent or exceeded the agreement with you;
(3) If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account;
(4) If we no longer provide you with products or services.
When you delete information from our service, we may not delete the corresponding information in the backup system immediately, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated.
2. Change the scope of your authorization
Some functions of the products or services we provide to you require some basic personal information to be completed (see "Part 1" of this privacy policy). For the collection and use of additional personal information, you can give or withdraw your authorization and consent at any time.
You can contact us at any time through the contact information publicized in the last part of this privacy policy, and we will reply to your change authorization consent or do not want to accept our request for commercial advertisements sent to you within 30 days. After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.
3. Cancel your account
You can contact us at any time through the contact information announced in the last part, and we will respond to your cancellation request within 30 days.
After canceling your account, we will stop providing products or services to you, and delete your personal information at your request, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
4. How do we respond to your above request
Please understand that when accessing, updating, modifying and deleting the aforementioned information, or changing the scope of your authorization and consent, or canceling your account, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may require you to verify your identity to ensure information security.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require excessive technical means (for example, the need to develop new systems or fundamentally change current practices), bring risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
In the following situations, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations:
(1) Directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) It is directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) There is sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
(5) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
(6) Involving trade secrets.
6. the update of this privacy policy
Our privacy policy may change. We will also archive the old version of this privacy policy for your review.
We will review and update this privacy policy in accordance with the law, and will also mark the most recent update date at the beginning of the article. For major changes, we will notify you in a significant way. If you continue to use our products or services after receiving the notice, or express your consent, it shall be deemed that you understand and agree to the updated content.
We resolutely fulfill our promises. Without your permission, we will never change our policies or behaviors in the direction of weakening the degree of protection of existing personal information.
7. How to contact us to delete data
If you have any questions, suggestions, or complaints about this user privacy policy or other related matters, please contact the full-time department for personal information protection established by us. The contact method is: lamimahjong@gmail.com (email). We will reply within 30 days after receiving your question.