Tracker 8 -English
Privacy Policy
Updated Feb 1, 2021
Effective Feb 1, 2021
Our Privacy Commitment
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
1. Geolocation
When you start sharing your location with app , we collect your location data through GPS, Wifi, or cellular technologies. We use this data to share you location with group members . We do not save your location permanently.Once your location is sent to group members, we delete it from server
2. Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
3. Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties may have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
4. Third Party Ad Networks and Analytics
We may share, or permit third party ad networks, social media companies, and other third party services to collect information about your use of the app over time, so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on the app as well as on other websites, apps or services, or on other devices you may use. We may also display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google and others. These third-party ad partners may collect information such as clickstream information, timestamp, hashed email address, device ID or AdID, and information about your use of third-party applications. They may also collect and analyze information about your use of the app Service in order to recognize you across various devices you use.
5. Sharing of your information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy policy.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but we may share your information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances
as required by law or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request
6. Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
7. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
8. Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at
developer.tracker.app@gmail.com
.
No comments:
Post a Comment
Newer Post
Older Post
Home
Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)
About Me
Developer
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2022
(8)
▼
August
(8)
Tracker 8 - Russian
Tracker 8 - Korean
Tracker 8 - Japanese
Tracker 8 - Italian
Tracker 8 - French
Tracker 8 - Spanish
Tracker 8 - German
Tracker 8 -English
►
2019
(2)
►
April
(2)
►
2018
(9)
►
November
(8)
►
October
(1)
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it