Privacy Policy
​
SAYAN YAZILIM TEKNOLOJI ANONIM SIRKETI built the How to Say and Vocabulary Builder by Atlas apps as Ad Supported freemium apps. These SERVICES are provided by SAYAN YAZILIM TEKNOLOJI ANONIM SIRKETI at no cost and are intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Services.
If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at How to Say and Vocabulary Builder by Atlas, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Services, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
The apps do use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the apps:
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Crashlytics
Facebook Analytics
​
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Services, in the case of an error in the apps, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the apps when utilizing our Services, the time and date of your use of the Services, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
These Services do not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the apps may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of these Services.
​
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Services;
To provide the Services on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Services are used.
We want to inform users of these Services that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
​
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
​
Links to Other Sites
These Services may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
​
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
​
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
​
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
​
​