Privacy Policy
Updated as of September 06, 2024
www.caking.me is owned and operated by Newell Communications LLC, and jointly operated by Newell Communications LLC and C&C HK LIMITED. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@coconut.tv
.
By downloading or using www.caking.me you agree to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
No one under the age 18, is ever allowed on our platform, in any country, if you suspect someone is under 18 using our service, email
support@coconut.tv
with a screenshot immediately
I. What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy describes how www.caking.me mobile applications, websites and products collect, store, use, and share your information. It also describes how you can control and protect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, such as companies that advertise on www.caking.me. For example, companies that advertise on www.caking.me may tag your device or computer with cookies or beacons. We do not control these third party cookies and beacons and their privacy policies may differ from ours.
II. Controlling and Protecting Your Privacy
1.	Personal Safety. After getting to know someone online, you may choose to meet him or her in-person. If so, be careful and use common sense. Never meet someone in private for the first time; choose a public place, and take a friend. For more information about staying safe, please visit www.socialsafety.org, a public service website from www.caking.me.
2.	Privacy Settings. You can change at any time, including how you share your location information with other users.
3.	Deleting Your Account. You can edit or delete information that you upload to www.caking.me and you can delete your account, but you cannot recall or delete information that others have copied. When you delete your account, some or all of your information may remain on our servers, but you will not be able to access it.
4.	Deleting Your Information and Content. You can request us to delete your posted information and content. To do so, send an email to support@coconut.tv from the email address associated with your Coconut account requesting deletion. We make reasonable efforts to comply, but we cannot guarantee we will be able to delete all of your information everywhere from our systems.
5.	Location Information. We collect your location when you first register with www.caking.me and each time you log in on a mobile device, We do not “track” or display your location to anyone, but we do collect geolocation information from your device or browser when you log in or use www.caking.me, such as when you visit a particular feature that tags location.
6.	Password. Store your password in a safe place, and do not share it with anyone. If you think someone has your password, you should change it immediately.
7.	Posting on www.caking.me. Posting personal information on public areas of www.caking.me will make it publicly available. The information you post or share with others may in turn be shared by them with still other users. Do not post personal information in public areas of www.caking.me that you want to keep.
8.	Third Parties. We are not responsible for (and don’t have any control over) the privacy policies of third party websites, apps and ad servers. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and app you visit.
9.	Opting Out of Receiving Cookies. You may set your browser to block some or all cookies. However, www.caking.me might not fully function if you disable cookies. If you use multiple devices, browsers or computers, you will need to opt out of receiving cookies on each one. Also, if you change devices or computers you will need to repeat this opt-out process. You may also be able to opt-out of receiving cookies from some advertisers.
10.	Do Not Track Signals. Some Internet browsers include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” signals, but there are no uniform standards for this. We do not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
III. Information We Collect
We collect different types of information about you and your activities. We collect information when you register, log into, and use www.caking.me, including the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and the information you enter, such as chats. The specific examples in the following bullets are not meant to be exhaustive.
●	We get and record information from your device or browser, including your mobile device identification (ADID, device ID, etc.), IP address, cookie and beacon information, and geographic location.
●	We collect information about the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and your transactions with us and with our partners, vendors, and advertisers, including information about your use of products offered through www.caking.me. We and our third-party partners (such as advertising and infrastructure partners) may access your chats and postings. We do this to improve your experience on www.caking.me, to target ads, and for safety and law enforcement purposes.
●	Third Parties. When you download or register for www.caking.me by or through a third party platform we may also access and/or collect certain information from your third party platform account or by cookies placed on your device by such third party site. For example, if you create your www.caking.me account using Facebook, we may use the following information from Facebook to establish your www.caking.me account: your email address, gender, profile photo, date of birth, userID. In addition, in the course of providing www.caking.me on third party platforms, such as the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store, the platforms may collect information about you or received information from us in order for the platform to provide an analyze their services. Please note that these platforms were developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with www.caking.me and that we are not responsible for the actions of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms of service and privacy policies of the platforms that you use to access www.caking.me
●	Images and Audio. We may collect information about the images and audios that are a part of your user content.  This content is stored on our server, as well as part of the app storage.   We do not share any of your images and audio with third parties.  When you choose to delete your account, your content will be permanently deleted from our servers after a grace period of 30 days.
IV. How We Use and Disclose the Information We Collect
We use and disclose your information in the following ways:
●	To customize your experience on www.caking.me
●	For marketing and advertising purposes, including sharing it with advertisers. We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies and beacons, including your location. However, when we share information with these companies, we remove any part of the data that can identify you.
●	We or our third-party partners may combine your information with other information in a way that does not identify you and share that collected information with other companies.
●	To conduct research, including the numbers and types of visitors, and www.caking.me traffic.
●	To develop and test new products and features, and improve our current ones.
●	To find and fix technology problems.
●	To enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
●	To contact you by email, text messaging, and in app notifications as to provide you updates and information about www.caking.me and our other affiliated products and services.
●	To display your profile on other websites and applications that we own or partner with.
●	Cookies and Beacons. We may set and access cookies and beacons on your device or computer to customize your experience. These files help us target advertising based on your activity.
●	Cooperation with Law Enforcement. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We report proactively, and we may disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials in order to: (1) protect the safety and security of our users and members of the public or (2) satisfy subpoenas, court orders, or other governmental requests.
●	Service Providers. We transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who globally support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting research and surveys. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
●	Advertisers. We may share information that does not identify you personally (or identifying information in hashed, non-human readable form) with third parties for the purposes of delivering relevant, personalized advertisements or content on our site and on the websites or applications of third parties. To achieve this purpose, our partners may use the shared information (i) to evaluate the nature of the connection across your devices, browsers, or applications; (ii) to assess the suitability of your desktop or mobile device for interest- or demographic-based content; (iii) to provide information and inferences about user interests to third parties; and (iv) to develop insights and reports relating to the presentation of customized advertisements or content, including statistical reports in connection with activity on a website, optimization of ad placement and performance, development of reach and frequency metrics, billing activities, and tracking ads served on a particular day to a particular website. Our partners may also combine shared information with additional non-identifying information collected from other sources to enhance these activities.
●	Personally Identifiable Information. Except for “Cooperation with Law Enforcement,” “Business Transfers,” “Service Providers” (all described above), in connection with account verification (and then only for that purpose), or to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, we do not share the following personal information with any third party not owned by www.caking.me, Inc. for any reason: your exact date of birth, your first name, your last name, your address, your phone number(s), or your email address.
●	Images and Audio. We may use your uploaded images and audio in the app, as your personal profile picture, or content in your personal feed.  We may also use your facial informationi to identify objects and scenery to enable special video effects (such as beauty filters or masks), for content moderation, and other non-personally-identifying operations.   We do not share any of your images and audio with third parties.  When you choose to delete your account, your content will be permanently deleted from our servers after a grace period of 30 days.
V. Data Security and Storage
We use industry standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information. We may store all information that we collect indefinitely, but we do not promise to do so for any particular period of time. www.caking.me is hosted in the United States and we maintain your information there. If you are outside the United States, you agree to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States.
VI. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new or changed features and services, changes in the law, or changes in our use or collection of personal information. We display an effective date on this Privacy Policy so you can tell when there has been a change. If we make a change regarding our use or disclosure of personally identifiable information (date of birth, first or last name, physical address, phone number, email address, or location), we will provide a Notice when you open www.caking.me. If you object to any terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy or any subsequent changes or you become dissatisfied with www.caking.me in any way, your only option is to delete your account. Your continued use of www.caking.me after we post a revised Privacy Policy means that you agree to the revisions.
VII. Language
This Privacy Policy was written in English. If you are reading a translation and it conflicts with the English version, please note that the English version controls.
Our Contact Information
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Address
● Newell Communications LLC
2100 Geng Rd, #210, Palo Alto, CA 94303
● C&C HK LIMITED
RM A133 OF UNIT 1, 15/F, BLK
A, WAH SANG BUILDING,
NO.14-18 WONG CHUK YEUNG STREET, SHA TIN
HONG KONG
Email:
support@coconut.tv