Home
|
Contact
|
Links
|
Bookmark Page
|
Site Map
|
Webmasters
|  Articles
Privacy Policy
Metric Conversions
:: Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
					Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
					Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used  to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and keep track of advertisements and .
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our
privacy policy
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 01/02/2011
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.metric-conversions.org/
7 East Cliff Road
Shanklin, Isle of Wight PO37 6AA
UK
privacy@metric-conversions.org
+44 1983 861990
Temperature Conversion
Weight Conversion
Length Conversion
Area Conversion
Volume Conversion
Popular Links
Kilometers to Miles
Miles to Kilometers
Celsius to Fahrenheit
Fahrenheit to Celsius
Kilograms to Pounds
Pounds to Kilograms
Meters to Feet
Feet to Meters
Inches to Centimeters
Centimeters to Inches
Inches to Feet
✕
Privacy & Transparency
metric-conversions.org and our partners ask for your consent to use your personal data, and to store and/or access information on your device. This includes using your personal data for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. An example of data being processed may be a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Your personal data may be stored by, accessed by, and shared with 954 partners, or used specifically by this site. You can change your settings or withdraw consent at any time, the link to do so is in our privacy policy at the bottom of this page. Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your settings below.
Manage Settings
Reject All
Continue with Recommended Cookies
Vendor List
|
Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Comply with requirements from CPRA, CCPA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Free Privacy Policy Generator to comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense.
Free Terms and Conditions Generator
Free Terms and Conditions Generator to generate professional attorney drafted Terms & Conditions.
Free Cookie Consent
Free Cookies Policy Generator
Free Return & Refund Policy Generator
Free Disclaimer Generator
Free EULA Generator
The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Privacy Policy Generator includes many provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
How the Privacy Policy Generator works
Our intuitive, easy-to-use generator allows you to create a custom Privacy Policy or a Terms & Conditions agreement using our Free Website Privacy Policy Generator or our Free Website Terms & Conditions Generator.
01
Step 1. Generate your Privacy Policy
All you have to do is answer a few simple questions about your business and your Website Privacy Policy or Website Terms & Conditions agreement is created and ready to be added to your web site. In fact, for most people it takes less than 15 minutes.
02
Step 2. Download your Privacy Policy
Log in to your account and download the Privacy Policy you just generated. Each Privacy Policy you generate is saved in our systems and it can be accessed anytime you need it.
03
Step 3. Update or edit your Privacy Policy
If you need to update your Privacy Policy, that's easy. Simply log in back to your account and update your Privacy Policy. Do you want to edit the Privacy Policy text? It's the same easy step: log in & edit your Privacy Policy.
About FreePrivacyPolicy.com
The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator! Here at Free Privacy Policy, we've helped more than 1,030,043 site owners create easy-to-read, highly effective, Custom Privacy Policies.
Our Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google AdWords requirements for a Privacy Policy
Personal Identifiable Information (PII)
Federal Trade Commission Fair Information Practices
Our Free Terms and Conditions Generator includes provisions to help you effectively protect your site and app while limiting your liability:
Provisions for payments, including subscription plans
Provisions for user-generated content (UCG), including copyright infringement notices (such as DMCA)
Provisions for protecting your site and app intellectual property (such as the website design, company logo)
Provisions for limiting liability (such as warranty disclaimers)
1,030,042
Users
1,185,477
Policies Created
533,464,650
Saved on Legal Fees
What our customers say
Rated
4.9
Quick and easy way to secure our company website. Thanks for making this a great user experience.
Anthony - Canine Behavioral Services
Thank you for making it so simple and easy to create a proper and compliant privacy policy!
Andrea - Toronto Success Coach
Thank you for your time and help. Setting up a Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service is easier than I thought.
Casey H - Casis Boutique
Sub-policy 1
https://www.metric-conversions.org/terms.htm:
Metric Conversions Terms & Conditions
Temperature
Weight
Length
Area
Volume
Speed
Time
Angle
Pressure
Energy and Power
Health and Wellbeing
Metric Conversion Table
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Wight Hat's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
		    The term 'Wight Hat' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 59, Thornbury Gardens, Borehamwod, Hertfordshire, WD6 1RB. Our company registration number is 06216288 (Registered at Companies House, UK). The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Ezoic Services
This website has an exclusive advertising contract with Ezoic Inc. (“Ezoic”), a renowned leader in website optimization, enhancing user experiences, optimizing ad performance, and generating revenue through advanced AI-powered technology.
Ezoic Services
This website uses the services of Ezoic Inc. (“Ezoic”), including to manage third-party interest-based advertising. Ezoic may employ a variety of technologies on this website, including tools to serve content, display advertisements and enable advertising to visitors of this website, which may utilize first and third-party cookies.
A cookie is a small text file sent to your device by a web server that enables the website to remember information about your browsing activity. First-party cookies are created by the site you are visiting, while third-party cookies are set by domains other than the one you're visiting. Ezoic and our partners may place third-party cookies, tags, beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to monitor interactions with advertisements and optimize ad targeting.  Please note that disabling cookies may limit access to certain content and features on the website, and rejecting cookies does not eliminate advertisements but will result in non-personalized advertising. You can find more information about cookies and how to manage them
here
.
The following information may be collected, used, and stored in a cookie when serving personalized ads:
IP address
Operating system type and version
Device type
Language preferences
Web browser type
Email (in a hashed or encrypted form)
Ezoic and its partners may use this data in combination with information that has been independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements across various platforms and websites. Ezoic’s partners may also gather additional data, such as unique IDs, advertising IDs, geolocation data, usage data, device information, traffic data, referral sources, and interactions between users and websites or advertisements, to create audience segments for targeted advertising across different devices, browsers, and apps. You can find more information about interest-based advertising and how to manage them
here
.
You can view Ezoic’s privacy policy
here
, or for additional information about Ezoic’s advertising and other partners, you can view Ezoic’s advertising partners
here
.
✕
Privacy & Transparency
metric-conversions.org and our partners ask for your consent to use your personal data, and to store and/or access information on your device. This includes using your personal data for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. An example of data being processed may be a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Your personal data may be stored by, accessed by, and shared with 954 partners, or used specifically by this site. You can change your settings or withdraw consent at any time, the link to do so is in our privacy policy at the bottom of this page. Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your settings below.
Manage Settings
Reject All
Continue with Recommended Cookies
Vendor List
|
Privacy Policy