LADbible Group Privacy Notice
Last updated 6th July 2023
This privacy notice explains how we, LADbible Group Limited of 20 Dale Street, Manchester, M1 1EZ and our affiliated companies LBG Media plc, LADbible Australia Pty Limited and LADbible Ireland Limited T/as
LADbible
,
SPORTbible
,
GAMINGbible
,
UNILAD
,
Tyla
and other brands (collectively, “
LADbible Group
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”) process your personal data (“
you
”, “
your
”) when you use our website, content or other services.
LADbible Group is the controller of your personal data.
1. Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how LADbible Group collects, uses, discloses, transfers, stores and processes your information when you use our services, including any data you may provide through your use of our services.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing information about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this notice.
2. Who does this privacy notice apply to?
This notice applies to:
our
service users
who access our services such as our website or content anywhere on the web, such as, users who watch our content, submit content to us, participate in our surveys and focus group and other users;
our
clients
,
suppliers
and
business partners
; and
other persons
who interact with us, when you call us or email us. However, job applicants should read our
recruitment privacy notice
.
This notice applies to you whether you act in your personal capacity or as employee or agent of an organisation.
3. What types of information do we collect?
Generally, “
personal information
”, “
personal data
” or similar terms refer to any information that identifies you or relates to you. However, the exact meaning of personal information may be determined by the law of the country of your residence.
We will process the following personal data about you:
Your
contact
details
such as your name and email address when you sign up to our newsletter as a user or engage with our focus groups or surveys. When you interact with us in your business capacity, we may ask for your name, role, employer details, telephone number, email address and similar information.
When you contact or visit us, we may process your enquiry, communication, complaint and other
details of your enquiry
.
If you are a prospective client, we will keep your personal and professional details and other
opportunity records
for sales purposes.
If you engage with our focus groups or surveys, or if you participate in our community such as LADnation, we will collect your input and other
participation information
. We will usually aggregate this data so that this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity or any special category data.
If you participate in our
competitions
, we collect your contact details such as your name and email address. This data is only used for the purposes of the relevant competition and will be subject to those competition terms and conditions, which will be notified to you at the time. If we share your data with third party partners, such as a company that has sponsored the competition, we will tell you this when you enter the competition.
Your
direct marketing preferences
. For example, we may send you an email if you opt in to receive marketing communications.
When we send you emails or other communications or if you interact with our content all over the Internet we may collect
engagement information
such as open rates, click rates, view rates, active time spent and similar information.
When accessing our services, your
device
and
browser
will automatically provide unique information such as mobile device ID, internet protocol (IP) address, cookie ID or online identifiers, operating system, browser type, time zone setting, location and date and time of access.
Our website may record
website
usage data
about how you navigate and engage with our services, use our features, download materials, security logs will be kept, online activity data such as clickstream data with URLs visited previously, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), your preferences (including country and language), and methods used to browse away from our website. We may collect data through our partners including LiveRamp, Chartbeat and Google subject to your cookie consent settings.
When you access our website or content, we collect information about your
preferences and interests
known, observed or inferred which we use for personalisation and direct marketing.
Social media profile
details including your social media username, name, profile photo and any other information you choose to make available to us when you connect with or contact us through your social media account or access our content via your social media account.
Third party data
about you
such as information about your interaction with our posts and content and ‘likes’ on social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Snap, TikTok, or LinkedIn, profile information, preferences and interests received from our advertising and analytics partners and other third parties.
Much of the personal data is provided by you or automatically by your device. You can adjust your device privacy settings to limit disclosure of your personal data that is not necessary for our services. We would ask that you only provide the necessary personal data to us.
Some of the information will be necessary to assist you, to provide our services or to pursue our legitimate interests in data processing. In certain limited cases, some personal data may be mandatory for our compliance with the law.
4. Data accuracy
We will rely on the information provided by you as accurate, complete and up to date, so please keep us informed of any changes. For example, if you change your email address, please let us know so that we can continue sending you our newsletters and other useful updates.
5. What information do we collect and why?
Generally, we will use your personal data to (i) provide and enable you to use our website, content and other services, (ii) respond to your queries, (iii) develop and promote our organisation and services; (iv) ensure the security and technical availability of our services; and (v) comply with the law.
Purpose
Personal data
Legal ground for processing
(for individuals in the EEA, Switzerland and UK only)
To assist and contact you in relation to your enquiry.
contact details
details of your enquiry
Necessary for our legitimate interest in responding to queries, developing relationships and administering our business or to take necessary steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
To provide our services to you, such as our website, content and other services.
device & browser data
engagement information
website usage data
Necessary for our legitimate interest in providing our website and content to you or, as the case may be, necessary for the performance of our contract with you.
To provide our services to you, such as our website, content and other services.
contact details
opportunity records
preferences and interests
engagement information
Necessary for our legitimate interest in understanding and maintaining our business relationships and administering our business.
To send you information which you have requested about our services and service communications about matters relevant to your use of our services and your engagement with us, such as changes in our terms, events, etc.
contact details
preferences and interests
engagement information
Service communications are necessary for the performance of our contract with you. Other notifications are necessary for our legitimate interest in satisfying your requests, facilitating our services and organising related business activities.
To engage with you about surveys and focus groups.
Contact details preferences and interests engagement information
We will obtain your consent where required by law.
Necessary for our legitimate interest in developing our business and organising related business activities.
To send you our newsletter and promotional information through email about our services and organisation, reviewing and optimising campaign performance and profiling information about your interests known, observed or inferred for direct marketing purposes.
Contact details engagement information preferences and interests, third party data
We may rely on soft opt-in to send marketing to our existing clients or will obtain your consent as required by law, for example, if you sign up for our newsletter.
Some of our direct marketing activities are necessary for our legitimate interest in understanding your interests from the information available to us, information observed or inferred and third party information, in promoting our business and understanding campaign metrics.
To display advertisements relevant to you on websites and social media, reviewing and optimising campaign performance and profiling information about your interests known, observed or inferred for direct marketing purposes.
For example, we use your contact details to display relevant ads through Twitter or LinkedIn or other social media platforms. Social media and advertising providers may use their own information about you to help us make our ads more relevant.
Our partner LiveRamp will collect your device & browser data and use digital fingerprinting techniques to recognise your device for online and cross-channel advertising purposes. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc). These third parties may in turn use this code to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them. If you wish to opt out from LiveRamp’s processing, please go to https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
contact details
engagement information
preferences and interests
third party data
We will obtain your consent where required by law. For example, your consent will be required to place cookies or similar technologies on your device or to read information on your device.
Some of our direct marketing activities are necessary for our legitimate interest in understanding your interests from the information available to us, information observed or inferred and third party information, in promoting our business and understanding campaign metrics.
Data enrichment
To “enrich” the data that we hold about our users for data-led targeted advertising for our clients.
Data enrichment works by sharing your pseudonymised personal data with a trusted third party platform so that they can enrich this data with personal data that has been obtained via various sources including data that is publicly available and data shared with them by other companies.
This type of sharing enables advertisers to target specific audiences within our users that fall into defined segments or categories. Advertisers will have no access to any of our users’ data as part of this process. We vet data providers to ensure they comply with all their data protection obligations including explaining what they do with your data, keeping it secure and protecting it appropriately. We have a written agreement in place with all data providers we work with and we monitor their activities to ensure they are complying with our contractual requirements.
You can opt out of data enrichment at any time by changing your preferences in the "Cookie settings”. If you opt out of data pairing, this means that your personal data held by us will no longer be combined with data held by data pairing providers. However, if you are a LADnation member, and you wish to opt out of your data being used for targeted advertising through data enrichment please contact us through our webform here
aggregated data based on your participation information,
engagement information,
device & browser data,
website usage data and preferences and interests,
Email addresses
We will obtain your consent where required by law. For example, your consent will be required to place cookies or similar technologies on your device or to read information on your device. You can opt-out by adjusting your cookie settings.
Data enrichment providers may process this data for their legitimate interest, or with your consent, in accordance with their own privacy policies.
To improve and develop our services, including to:
•	obtain feedback;
•	use partners including Google Analytics and Chartbeat to understand the demographics of our users and for audience measurement;
•	conduct statistical analysis;
•	make services and features more relevant;
•	improve user experience;
•	work with third parties and evaluate data to improve and develop our services.
aggregated data based on your participation information, engagement information, device & browser data, website usage data and preferences and interests.
Necessary for our legitimate interest in delivering our services properly, efficiently and understanding our customer’s needs and expectations.
We will use cookies and similar technologies if you provided your consent.
To ensure proper administration of our business, including to:
•	keep appropriate records about how our services are used;
•	resolve complaints;
•	conduct troubleshooting;
•	manage our business relationships and identify opportunities;
•	register interactions with our communications, such as emails;
•	enforce our terms; and
•	debt collection.
all information as is necessary and proportionate for the administration of our business
Necessary for our legitimate interest in the proper administration of our business, dispute resolution, ensuring technical operation of our services and debt collection and necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
To facilitate purchases e.g. on LADstore. Payment information will be processed by Shopify, and fulfilled via our logistics partner. LADbible Group does not have access to your payment information.  For more information, please refer to Shopify’s privacy policy at: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
contact details including address and email address
payment information
Necessary for the performance of our contract with you.
To engage our third party service providers who may process your information on our behalf to facilitate the provision of our services and the fulfilment of essential service functions, such as web hosting, cloud storage, analytics, payments, order fulfilment, plugins, communications, accounting, security and others.
all information as is necessary and proportionate to enable the relevant service
Some activities are necessary for the performance of our contract with you, others are necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring the proper operation of our services.
To monitor our networks, website and systems for suspicious activities, test and audit our systems and deploy appropriate security measures.
Website usage data, device and browser data
Necessary for our legitimate interest to ensure the security of our organisation, people and services and necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
To monitor interactions and operations for fraud prevention and crime detection purposes, including information from third parties who may help us verify your identity or alert us about suspicious activities.
Contact details, browser and device data, website usage data, third party data
Necessary for our legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud and illegal conduct and necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
To process health information provided by you, inform you of government guidance and, where appropriate, inform third parties about the risk of infection or share information with relevant authorities.
Health information provided by you
Where necessary and proportionate, in order to satisfy our legitimate interest in complying with best practice or applicable laws, and where necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims or to fulfil our duty of care owed to third parties.
To share information with our affiliated companies.
All information as is necessary and proportionate
Necessary for our legitimate interest in using our group’s resources to organise, develop and deliver our services, run our organisation and decide on future strategies.
To share data with another organisation in accordance with the law for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale, merger, reorganisation or similar event relating to our business.
All information as is necessary and proportionate in connection with the event
Necessary for our legitimate interest in acting in the best interest of our shareholders and investors and complying with our legal obligations.
To process information as is required for our compliance with the law or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
To process and share information with other third parties where required by law, such as regulators, law enforcement agencies or where mandatory under a court order.
Any information subject to mandatory processing or disclosure, where this is necessary and proportionate
Where processing or sharing your data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or, where necessary and proportionate, in order to satisfy our legitimate interest in complying with best practice or applicable laws.
We will update you about any new purposes of processing of your personal data from time to time, and we will obtain your prior
consent
for such new purposes where we are required to do so at law.
6. Sharing your information
We will share your information where it is lawful, necessary and proportionate to do so with (i) our
third party service providers
who may process personal data on our behalf, (ii) our
marketing
and
analytics
partners deploying cookies and similar technologies in our services and
other
partners
, as explained above, (iii) our
affiliated companies
for the purposes set out above, (iv) persons or authorities where we are
compelled by law
or responsible practices, (v) to the relevant entity in case of a
merger
,
acquisition
or
collaboration
, and (vi) other third parties where you have provided your
consent
.
7. Third parties may process your information
LADnation – sharing your personal data with STRAT7 Researchbods
Where you participate in the LADnation community, we will share your personal data with STRAT7 Researchbods who have helped us create our LADnation community.  We do this so that STRAT7 Researchbods can provide services to us, such as creating research activities for or assisting us if there are any technical issues with the LADnation community. By agreeing to participate in the LADnation community, you consent to us sharing your personal data with STRAT7 Researchbods, and this is the legal basis on which we rely in processing your data. We ensure that your personal data is shared with STRAT7 Researchbods in accordance with applicable data protection laws and we have a contract with STRAT7 Researchbods which requires us and them to observe your data protection rights.
Our services may contain links to other websites, third party services, such as Twitter and Instagram and plugins. You should check the privacy statements of these third party providers before you use them as we are not responsible for how they may process your personal data.
8. How long is your information kept?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to fulfil  the purposes we collected it for, including without limitation for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
The length of time we retain your personal data will depend on what it is being used for, generally, we will keep your personal information for 6 years from collection. However, in practice the retention period will likely be shorter if the information is no longer needed or longer if required for lawful purposes.
Where it is no longer necessary to process your personal data, we will delete it or anonymise it by removing all details that may identify you, in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. For example, if you withdraw your consent to process your personal data, we will delete it unless it is required to be retained under applicable laws.. You must back up your data if you wish to keep it for longer.
9. How do we secure your information?
We maintain appropriate organisational and technological safeguards to help protect against unauthorised use, access to or accidental loss, alteration or destruction of the personal data we hold. We also seek to ensure our third-party service providers do the same.
We will endeavour to use the least amount of personal data as is required for each purpose. We will employ pseudonymisation and anonymisation techniques, where appropriate.
Our staff will access your personal data on a “need to know” basis.
We have in place processes to deal with any suspected data breach and will notify you and any regulator of a breach where we are required to do so under applicable laws.
10. Where is your information processed?
Generally, your information is held in the United Kingdom and the EEA. We may transfer your personal data to our affiliated companies, suppliers and other third parties in countries different to your country of residence, which may be outside the United Kingdom and the EEA.
We will comply with applicable rules about international transfer of personal data.
11. Opt-out
If you would like us to stop sending you marketing communications or to stop processing your personal data for direct or targeted marketing purposes, please let us know:
here
Alternatively, you can request to stop receiving our marketing communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each marketing message.
12. Updates
If we make any changes to this notice you will be able to see them on this page. You should regularly check for updates, as indicated by the “Last updated” date at the top.
If you do not agree with the changes, please do not continue to use our website or services. Of course, if any such changes significantly affect you, we will ask for your prior consent where we are required to do so by law.
13. Your data privacy rights
This section provides further disclosures and describes the rights in relation to your personal data that you may have under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or other relevant laws.
A. Personal Data
“
Personal data
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; such person is known as a ‘
data subject
’.
In practice, almost all information relating to you will be your personal data.
B.
Data subject rights
Subject to certain exemptions, limitations and appropriate proof of identity, as a data subject, you will generally have numerous rights in relation to your personal data that you may exercise with the controller, including the following:
Right to information
about matters set out in this You may also contact us for further details about our retention policy and international data transfers using the contact details at the end of this notice or via our webform: here
Right to make an access request
to receive copies of personal data.
Right to rectification
of any inaccurate or incomplete personal data.
Right to withdraw consent
previously provided.
Right to object to
our processing of personal data based on our legitimate interests, and any automated processing and profiling.
Right to erasure
of personal data, within limited circumstances.
Restriction
on the processing of personal data.
Right to data portability
from one service provider to another, where applicable.
Right to lodge a complaint
with your country’s supervisory authority, such as the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK.
If you wish to exercise your data privacy rights, you can access our webform: here
All requests will be processed in a timely manner, generally within one month. If we cannot process your request within this period, we shall explain why and process it as soon as possible thereafter.
14. Contact us
Please contact us at
dataprotection@ladbiblegroup.com
or at our registered office address above if you have any queries or concerns about how we use your personal data. We will try to resolve your query without undue delay.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://jobs.ladbiblegroup.com/privacy-policy:
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience.
LADbible Group   and our selected partners use cookies and similar technologies (together “cookies”) that are necessary to present this website, and to ensure you get the best experience of it.

        If you consent to it, we will also use cookies for analytics and marketing purposes.
See our
Cookie Policy
to read more about the cookies we set.
You can withdraw and manage your consent at any time, by clicking “Manage cookies” at the bottom of each website page.
Accept all cookies
Decline all non-necessary cookies
Cookie preferences
Select which cookies you accept
On this site, we always set cookies that are strictly necessary, meaning they are necessary for the site to function properly.
If you consent to it, we will also set other types of cookies. You can provide or withdraw your consent to the different types of cookies using the toggles below. You can change or withdraw your consent at any time, by clicking the link “Manage Cookies”, which is always available at the bottom of the site.
To learn more about what the different types of cookies do, how your data is used when they are set etc, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Strictly necessary
These cookies are necessary to make the site work properly, and are always set when you visit the site.
Vendors
Teamtailor
Analytics
These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used.
Vendors
Teamtailor
Marketing
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. In some cases, they also deliver additional functions on the site.
Vendors
Linkedin
Accept these cookies
Decline all non-necessary cookies
Privacy policy for the LADbible Group   employer branding and recruitment
Date of publication: 07-06-2024
We at LADbible Group   manage our employer branding and recruitment process through our
career site
(the “Career Site”), and by using a related applicant tracking system.
In this privacy policy, we explain how we process your personal data if:
You visit our Career Site (you being a “Visitor”)
You connect with us via our Career Site, to create a profile with us and receive information about current or future vacancies with us (you being a “Connecting Candidate”)
You apply for a position with us, via our Career Site or a third party service (you being an ”Applying Candidate”)
We collect information about you from other parties, sites and services, since we believe your profile is of interest for our current or future vacancies (you being a “Sourced Candidate”)
We receive information about you from our employees or partners, since they believe your profile is of interest for our current or future vacancies (you being a “Referred Candidate”)
We receive information about you from a Candidate, who lists you as their reference (you being a “Reference”).
This privacy policy also describes what rights you have when we process your personal data, and how you can exercise these rights.
When we use the term “Candidate” in this privacy policy, we are referring to each of  Connecting Candidates; Applying Candidates; Sourced Candidates; and Referred Candidates, unless it’s stated otherwise.
1. About processing of personal data
Personal data is all information that can be directly or indirectly linked to a living, physical person. Examples of personal data are: name, e-mail address, telephone number and IP address. Processing of personal data is any automated use of personal data - such as collecting, creating, analyzing, sharing, and deleting personal data.
There are laws and regulations on how companies may process personal data, so-called data protection laws. Different data protection laws apply to different types of use of personal data, and in different parts of the world. An example of a data protection law that is relevant for our use of your personal data, as described in this privacy policy, is the EU Data Protection Regulation (2016/679, “GDPR”).
Most obligations under the GDPR apply to the so-called data controller. A data controller is the entity that decides for which purposes personal data will be processed, and how the processing will be executed. The data controller can use a so-called data processor. A data processor is an entity that is only allowed to process personal data as instructed by the data controller, and may not use the personal data for its own purposes.
We are the data controller when we process your personal data as described in this Privacy policy.
2. What personal data do we process?
All individuals
Device information
- If you visit our Career Site, we will collect information about your device, such as IP address, browser type and version, session behaviour, traffic source, screen resolution, preferred language, geographic location, operating system and device settings/usage.
Technical and statistical data
- If you visit our Career Site, we will collect technical and statistical data about your use of the site, such as information about which URLs you visit, and your activity on the site.
Communications data
- We will collect and store your communication with us, including the information you provided in the communication. This may include the content of emails, video recordings, messages on social media, the information you add to your account with us, surveys, etc.
Contact details
- Such as your name, email address, telephone number and physical address.
Candidates
Data from interviews, assessments and other information from the recruitment process
- Such as notes from interviews with you, assessments and tests made, salary requirements.
Information in your application
- Such as your CV, cover letter, work samples, references, letters of recommendation and education.
Information in your public profile
- Meaning the information we collect about you from public sources related to your professional experience, such as LinkedIn or the website of your current employer.
Information provided by references
- Meaning the information we receive from our employees or partners who refer you to us, or by the persons you have listed as your references.
3. Where do we receive your personal data from?
All individuals
From the Career Site.
If you visit our Career Site, we collect technical and statistical information about how you use the Career Site, and information from your device.
Directly from you.
Most of the information we process about you, we receive directly from you, for example when you apply for a position with us or connect with us. You can always choose not to provide us with certain information. However, some personal data is necessary in order for us to process your application or provide you the information you request to get from us.
References
From the person for whom you are a reference.
If a Candidate lists you as their reference, we will collect your contact details from the candidate to be able to contact you.
Candidates
From public sources.
We may collect personal data about you from public sources, such as LinkedIn or the website of your current employer.
From our references.
We may receive information about you from our employees or partners (such as recruitment service providers), when they believe your profile is of interest for our current or future vacancies.
From your references.
If you provide us with references, we may collect information about you from them.
Data we create ourselves or in cooperation with you.
Information about your application and profile is usually created by us, or by us in cooperation with you, during the recruitment process. This may for example include notes from interviews with you, assessments and tests made.
4. For what purposes do we process your personal data?
Protect and enforce our rights, interests and the interests of others, for example in connection with legal claims.
Affected individuals: The individual(s) affected by the legal issue - this may include persons from all categories of individuals listed above.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above can be used for this purpose.
Share your personal data with other recipients, for the purposes mentioned in Section 5 below.
Affected individuals: Varies depending on the purpose of the sharing, see Section 5 below.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Collect information about your use of the career site, using cookies and other tracking technologies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Affected individuals: Visitors.
Categories of personal data used: Device information.
Maintain, develop, test, and otherwise ensure the security of the career site.
Affected individuals: Visitors.
Categories of personal data used: Device information; Technical and statistical data.
Analyse how the career site and its content is being used and is performing, to get statistics and to improve operational performance.
Affected individuals: Visitors.
Categories of personal data used: Device information; Technical and statistical data.
Provide you with updates about vacancies with us.
Affected individuals: Connecting Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: Contact details; Communications data.
Review profiles and applications sent to us. This also includes communicating with you about your application and profile.
Affected individuals: Connecting Candidates; Applying Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Collect and evaluate your professional profile on our own initiative. This also includes communicating with you regarding your profile.
Affected individuals: Sourced Candidates; Referred Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Contact you directly about specific, future vacancies with us.
Affected individuals: Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Record the interview(s) with you.
Affected individuals: Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: Communications data.
Contact you to ask for your participation in surveys
Affected individuals: Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Contact you to ask you to provide information about a candidate, and evaluate the information you provide.
Affected individuals: References.
Categories of personal data used: Contact details; Communications data.
5. Whom do we share your personal data with?
Our service providers.
We share your personal data with our suppliers who provide services and functionality in our employer branding- and recruitment process. For example, this includes recruitment service providers and the supplier of our Career Site and related applicant tracking system.
Our group companies.
We share your personal data with our group companies, when they provide us services and functionality to our employer branding- and recruitment process, such as access to particular systems and software.
Companies providing cookies on the Career Site.
If you consent to it, cookies are set by other companies than us, who will use the data collected by these cookies in accordance with their own privacy policy. You can find information about which cookies this applies to in our
Cookie Policy
.
To authorities and other public actors - when we are ordered to do so.
We will share your personal data with authorities and other public actors when we have a legal obligation to do so.
To parties involved in legal proceedings.
If needed to protect or defend our rights, we share your personal data with public authorities or with other parties involved in a potential or existing legal proceeding. This can for example be in case of discrimination claims.
Mergers and acquisitions etc.
In connection with a potential merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal data to other parties involved in the process.
6. On what legal bases do we process your personal data?
To be able to process your personal data, we need to have a so-called legal basis. A legal basis is a reason for processing the personal data that is justified under the GDPR.
When we process your personal data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, the legal basis we rely on is normally that the
processing is necessary for our legitimate interest
in being able to recruit talent with the relevant competence for us. We have concluded that we have a legitimate interest in being able to perform the personal data processing for this purpose; that the processing is necessary to achieve that purpose; and that our interest outweighs your right not to have your data processed for this purpose.
You can contact us for more information about how this assessment was made. See Section 9 and 10 below for our contact information.
There may be specific circumstances when the processing is only performed if and when you provide
your consent
to the processing. This is for example the case if we propose to record an interview with you. Please see Section 9 below for more information about your right to withdraw your consent.
7. When do we transfer your personal data outside of the EU/EEA, and how do we protect it then?
We always strive to process your personal data within the EU/EEA area.
However, some of our service providers process your personal data outside of the EU/EEA. We also use suppliers whose parent company, or whose subcontractor’s parent company, is based outside the EU/EEA. In these cases, we have taken into account the risk that the personal data may be disclosed to countries outside the EU/EEA, for example because of an authority request.
In cases where another recipient of your personal data (as described in Section 5 above) is based outside the EU/EEA, this will also mean that your personal data is transferred outside the EU/EEA.
When we, or one of our suppliers, transfer your personal data outside the EU/EEA, we will ensure that a safeguard recognized by the GDPR is used to enable the transfer. We use the following safeguards:
A decision by the EU Commission that the country outside of the EU/EEA to which your personal data is transferred has an adequate level of protection, which corresponds to the level of protection afforded by the GDPR. In particular, we rely on the
EU Commission’s adequacy decision for the US via the so-called EU-US Data Privacy Framework
, and the
adequacy decision for the UK.
Entering into the
EU Commission’s standard clauses
with the recipient of the personal data outside the EU/EEA. This means that the recipient guarantees that the level of protection for your personal data afforded by the GDPR still applies, and that your rights are still protected.
When your personal data is transferred outside the EU/EEA, we also implement appropriate technical and organizational safeguards, to protect the personal data in case of a disclosure. Exactly which protective measures we implement depends on what is technically feasible, and sufficiently effective, for the particular transfer.
If you want more information about the cases in which your personal data is transferred outside the EU/EEA you can contact us using the contact details in Section 9 and 10 below.
8. For how long do we keep your personal data?
All individuals
If we process your personal data for the purpose of being able to protect and enforce our rights, we will keep your personal data until the relevant legal issue has been fully and finally resolved.
Visitors
We keep your personal data for one (1) year for security purposes. The retention periods for cookies are set out in our
Cookie Policy
. We keep your personal data to analyse the performance of the Career Site for as long as we keep personal data about you for other purposes.
Candidates
If you are a Connecting Candidate (only), we keep your personal data for as long as you remain connected with us.
For other types of Candidates, we keep your personal data to decide if you are a suitable candidate for the relevant vacancy(ies) with us.
If you don’t succeed in the initial recruitment process, we keep your personal data for as long as needed to consider, and potentially contact you, for relevant future job openings.
If you are hired, we will keep your personal data during your employment, for other purposes than those stated above, which you will be informed of.
References
We keep your personal data for as long as we keep the personal data of the Candidate for whom you acted as a reference.
9. What rights do you have, and how can you exercise them?
In this section, you will find information about the rights you have when we process your personal data. As described below, some of the rights only come into play when we process your personal data under a particular legal basis.
If you want to exercise any of the rights listed here, we suggest that you:
Visit the
Data & Privacy page
on our Career Site, where we offer features to let you exercise your rights;
Log in
to your account with us, where you can use the settings in the account to exercise your rights; or
Contact us directly at georgia.flynn@ladbiblegroup.com.
Right to be informed
You have the right to be informed about how we process your personal data. You also have the right to be informed if we plan to process your personal data for any purpose other than that for which it was originally collected.
We provide you with such information through this privacy policy, through updates on our Career Site (see also Section 11 below), and by answering any questions you may have for us.
Right to access your personal data.
You have the right to know if we process personal data about you, and to receive a copy of the data we process about you. In connection with receiving the copy of your data, you will also receive information about how we process your personal data.
Right to access and to request a transfer of your personal data to another recipient (“data portability”).
You can request a copy of the personal data relating to you that we process for the performance of a contract with you, or based on your consent, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. This will allow you to use this data somewhere else, for example to transfer it to another recipient. If technically feasible, you also have the right to request that we transfer your data directly to another recipient.
Right to have your personal data deleted (“right to be forgotten”).
In some cases, you have the right to have us delete personal data about you. This is for example the case if it’s no longer necessary for us to process the data for the purpose for which we collected it; if you withdraw your consent; if you have objected to the processing and there are no legitimate, overriding justifications for the processing. (For the separate right to object, see below.)
Right to object against our processing of your personal data.
You have the right to object to processing of your personal data which is based on our legitimate interest, by referencing your personal circumstances.
Right to restrict processing.
If you believe that the personal data we process about you is inaccurate, that our processing is unlawful, or that we don’t need the information for a specific purpose, you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of such personal data. If you object to our processing, as described just above, you can also request us to restrict processing of that personal data while we make our assessment of your request.
When our processing of your personal data is restricted, we will (with the exception of storage) only process the data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, to protect the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons relating to an important public interest.
Right to rectification.
You have the right to request that we rectify inaccurate information, and that we complete information about you that you consider incomplete.
Right to withdraw your consent.
When we process your personal data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. If you do so, we will stop processing your data for the purposes you’ve withdrawn your consent for. However, it doesn’t affect the lawfulness of processing that was based on your consent before it was withdrawn.
Right to raise a complaint.
If you have complaints about our processing of your personal data, you can raise a complaint with the data protection authority in United Kingdom. You can find their contact details
here
.
You can also lodge a complaint with your national data protection authority, which you can find listed
here
if you are based in the EU. If you are based in the UK, you can lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office,
here
.
10. Where can you turn with comments or questions?
If you want to get in touch with us to exercise your rights, or if you have any questions, comments or concerns about how we handle your personal data, you can reach us by sending an email to georgia.flynn@ladbiblegroup.com.
11. Updates to this Privacy policy
We update this privacy policy when necessary - for example, because we start processing your personal data in a new way, because we want to make the information even clearer to you, or if it’s necessary to do so in order to comply with applicable data protection laws.
We encourage you to regularly check this page for any changes. You can always check the top of this page to see when this privacy policy was last updated.
Let’s recruit together and find your next colleague.
@ladbiblegroup.com