Photon Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 17, 2024.
Current as of Photon version 3.5, Photon Enhance 3.0.2
We respect your privacy and value the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Policy is designed to show you what information about you we collect through your use of our apps.
For the Photon Library Privacy Policy, see here.
Information We May Collect
We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you during your use of our apps, unless you choose to share it with us via a "Send feedback / Report a bug" option or sign up for our newsletter, as described in the appropriate sections below.
The information associated with your media, such as the location where you took them, the capture date or the media itself, is stored in your device and not transmitted to our servers. When you use the sharing options in our apps to share your media, you do so directly with the destination service - be it email, facebook, twitter or any other third-party service or app. Your media and the metadata associated with them are never transferred to our servers, not even for sharing purposes. Again, the sole exception is when you choose to attach your media to a bug report for diagnostic purposes.
We may collect anonymous information about your usage of our apps, with the purpose of improving them. We may store the sections you visit when you use our apps, so that we better understand our customers. We use this information in an aggregated manner to identify features that need improvement. No personally identifiable information is collected during this process. Analytics are subject to the Privacy Policy of
Amplitude
.
Feedback and bug reporting
Our apps may provide an option called "Send feedback / Report a bug" that you can use to inform us of any bugs you observe, provide criticism, or simply share your thoughts with us. If you use this option, we ask for your email address so that we have a way to respond. You can optionally give us your name and a description of the issue you want to report.
When you use this option we also gather some additional, non-personal information about your device and the state of our app to help us diagnose the issue you are reporting. This information includes:
Environment Info: Device model, operating system version, operating system language, free disk space, app version and number of media present in the app's database.
The app's settings: quality & saving options, camera settings used.
Description about the last error encountered, if any, as provided by the system.
We may update the information we gather in this manner when we release new features or identify areas that need better diagnosing. We will only use technical details about your device or our apps, and we will never include any personally identifiable information about you or your device. In particular, no device identifiers or IP addresses are or will be recorded.
When some specific errors occur, such as when a photo cannot be saved, we offer you the possibility to send that particular file to us, along with any edits you may have applied to it. If you choose to attach the file, all the metadata information it contains will also be sent to us.
Crash reporting
When a crash occurs, you may be given the option to send the crash report to us to help diagnose the problem. A crash report follows a standard format created by Apple. It contains technical information about your device, and may contain information about other software you have installed. No personally identifiable information is collected.
Note that if you choose to "Always send" your crash reports, any subsequent crashes will be automatically sent without further confirmation.
Usage of the information we collect
The information you send when you use the bug or crash reporting options is only used for the purposes of identifying and correcting the problem you reported. The information is not used in any other way, profiling or otherwise; and it is not used for advertising purposes. That includes your email address, which will only be used to communicate with you regarding the problem you reported and will not be used for any other purpose.
Information we share with others
We may share your information under the following circumstances:
When we engage third-party services for specific purposes.
The messages you send through the "Send feedback / Report a bug" option are routed through a third-party service that we use for managing customer communications. The service we currently use is Groove (https://www.groovehq.com)
Your crash reports are sent to Visual Studio App Center (https://appcenter.ms/) for the purposes of collating problems and symbolicating reports.
As required by Law. We may disclose any of your information we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
To Prevent Harm or Loss: We may disclose your information when we believe, in our sole discretion, disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with suspected or actual illegal activity.
How We Store Your Information
The information you send through the "Send feedback / Report a bug" menu option is preserved, as required by law, for up to one year.
If you sign up for our newsletter, your email address will be stored for as long as you are subscribed, and it will be deleted when you unsubscribe.
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect your information that we collect about you against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. While we cannot guarantee that no accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use of your information will occur, we try to prevent such occurrences.
Rectification and erasure rights
You can exercise your rights to rectification and erasure by writing to us either from within our apps, or via email at websupport@latenitesoft.com.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information processing practices or for any other purpose. We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://photon.cam/library/privacy:
Photon Library Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 17, 2024.
Current as of Photon Library 1.0
We respect your privacy and value the relationship we have with you.
Photon Library collects no personal information, and contacts no servers. Photos are only accessed from your device's photo library, and are never transmitted to any other location. The app does not use any analytics or tracking software.