Privacy Policy
Purpose
The following Privacy Statement sets out Zutec’s policy relating to the collection and use of the users personal information on the Site.
Zutec is committed to protecting the privacy of registered users of its online collaboration application, clients, shareholders and suppliers. The Policy describes how Zutec collect, hold, use and disclose information about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable.
The Site may contain links to other websites. Zutec is not responsible for the privacy practices of those other sites. Zutec recognises the importance of the users privacy.
Personal Information collected by Zutec will be stored through electronic systems located in various regions. Please note the region to which Personal Information may be transferred may not provide the equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country. However, this does not change Zutec’s commitment to keeping Personal Information secure.
Collecting Information on the Website
Personal information will only be collected from the Zutec website, by the following means:
Through the public website
Through the online Zutec platform
When executing support services in relations to the Platform
When applying for a job
When you request a call back, demonstration or consultation
Information Collected
Zutec collect information to allow users authenticate and identify themselves on our software products. Zutec collects the following information from users to enable them to use our service:
Name
Email Address
IP Address
Company Name
Phone Numbers
Job Title
Project Information
Storage of Information
How you use the service
Zutec store log on users activity such as; login and logout times, file viewing or uploading events and any other activity. These logs are often used to demonstrate a users activity in connection with the user or operation of the platform.
Device Event Information
When a device connects to the Zutec platform we store the device information such as the operating system and version number and the events which were triggered from the device.
Using your Information
The primary usage for this information is to allow users use our software platform and applications and to enhance the platforms performance and user experience.
Individual information will only be used in response to your specific queries and we will not disclose your information to any third parties unless we are required to do so by law.
Third Parties
Information is only shared with third parties to perform business functions and services on our behalf including in connection with the use or operation of the Platform or where it is required or permitted by law.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer to give it a sort of anonymous user ID that resides in your computer. In cases where Zutec software makes use of Cookies, we do not employ the use of cookies to gather information unnecessarily. The different types of first and third party cookies we use are session cookies and functional cookies.
Session Cookies
A session cookie follows your progress throughout our website. If this cookie is disabled, our websites will not function properly. This cookie does not identify you personally and is not linked to any other information we store about you. Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interests to support the functionality of our websites.
Functional Cookies
Our websites use functional cookies in order to collect information (such as, IP address, Location, Device, Date & Time, URL of retrieved file, browser used), through our third party analytics providers, Google Analytics.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Websites through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
How to Control Cookies
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
You may be able to prevent Google Analytics from collecting data related to your use of our websites by downloading and installing a browser add-on, which can be accessed via the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpag...
.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choic...
or
http://www.youronlinechoices.c...
. You may opt out by clicking here:
http://preferences.truste.com/
(or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.e...
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic advertisements.
Security
Zutec employs a series of systems to safe guard users information. These include but are not limited to encrypted communication, encrypted storage of data, firewalls and network monitoring. As a condition of employment all Zutec employees are required to treat personal information held by Zutec as confidential.
As the internet is not a secure environment, no transmission can be 100% secure and although Zutec will take reasonable steps to secure the information in storage, Zutec cannot be responsible for the security of any information transmitted over the internet.
Integrated Applications
From time to time Zutec software interacts with integrated third party applications and software products in these cases Zutec does not directly share user information with these systems however there is a possibility that these systems collect information about our users independently of Zutec in the form of email address or IP addresses.
Marketing
After consent is given to receive marketing and promotional material from Zutec under GDPR, Zutec may use your personal information to send you material with regards to our products and services that might be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive any promotional material you may remove your name by unsubscribing from the direct mail sent to you or by emailing marketing@zutec.com.
Publicity
Zutec may from time to time include a client name and logo in its lists of clients and customers for the purposes of advertising its Services. Zutec may also include a brief description of the services that it provides to customers on the Site or in its marketing materials. The parties will reasonably co-operate with each other to agree the final text of any such description.
Contact
For any queries about our privacy policy please contact at privacy@zutec.com
Policy Changes
Zutec will update the privacy policy on our website when changes to its practices occur. Zutec would encourage its users to review the privacy policy periodically.