FANBASE® MOBILE APP (iOS and Android Version)
FANBASE® MOBILE APP
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: December 4, 2023
Scope
Fanbase Social Media, Inc. (“
Fanbase
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) respects the privacy of our visitors, users, customers, members, and contributors. This privacy policy (and as amended from time to time as posted
www.fanbase.app/privacypolicy
)
(“
Privacy Policy
”) describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use our mobile app (“
Mobile App
”) or use our content posting services (“
Services
”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. This Privacy Policy applies to the data collected by us, or those working on our behalf, through information you enter or from the data imported from authorized and approved sources. It does not apply to data collected through other websites, products, or services not approved by us.
Our Privacy Policy describes:
How and why we collect your Personal Information;
How your Personal Information is used and protected;
When and with whom we share your Personal Information; and
What choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information.
How we store, use, transfer, and retain your Personal Information.
If you are a resident of or subject to data privacy laws or regulations of a country outside of the United States, please see the additional provisions at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Acknowledgement and Consent
By using the Mobile App or the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby consent that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Mobile App or our Services. Your use of the Mobile App and our Services is at all times subject to our End User License and Terms of Use Agreement (available at
www.fanbase.app/termsofuse
,
and as updated from time to time (the “
EULA
”), which incorporates this Privacy Policy). Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the EULA.
DETAILS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information. This is information which may be connected to you specifically as the individual to whom the information relates. Such information may include name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, or any other information defined as personally identifiable information (or similar term) by applicable laws (“
Personal Information
”). If you are a European citizen or resident, the definition may be different, so, please see the section toward the end of this Privacy Policy.
We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our Mobile App, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others We may also collect Personal Information from you through means other than our Mobile App. This may include offline collection. It may also include emails, text messages, or other electronic communications that you send to us separate from our Mobile App or by way of our third party service providers. However, if we combine the Personal Information we collect from you outside of our Mobile App with Personal Information that is collected through our Mobile App or by another means as described above, the Privacy Policy will apply to the combined information, unless specifically disclosed otherwise.
We gather various types of Personal Information, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize and improve our Services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and Services, to provide and improve the Services, and to analyze how you use the Services, all as explained in more detail below. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.
Personal Information does not include your Personal Information that has been deidentified, pseudonymized, anonymized, aggregated, and/or otherwise processed so as to be unidentifiable in such a way that the data can no longer be attributed to a specific individual (by reasonable means) without the use of additional information, and where such additional information is kept separate and under adequate security to prevent unauthorized re-identification of a specific individual such that one could not, using reasonable efforts, link such information back to a specific individual (collectively, all of the foregoing in this sentence being referred to as “
De-Identified Personal Information
”).
Other than as stated herein, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on our Mobile App. We are not responsible for the practices of sites linked to from the Services, and before interacting with any of these sites you are advised to review their rules and policies before providing them with any private information.
Individuals under the Age of 13
As noted in the EULA, we do not knowingly collect, solicit or maintain Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any Personal Information about yourself (such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address) to us. No one under age 13 should provide any Personal Information to or on the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information from our database. Please contact us if you have any concerns.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We are constantly working to improve our Services, and we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well. By downloading, registering with or using the Mobile App, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
A pop-up message and/or click-through screen will appear in the Mobile App with the new Privacy Policy, and you will be required to acknowledge that you have read and agreed to it before you can proceed to the Mobile App. The current version of our EULA and our Privacy Policy will also always be on our Website and any updates will be effective upon posting. You are responsible for periodically checking this site for updates. Your continued use of the Mobile App after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Website periodically for updates. Under certain circumstances, we may also elect to notify registered Users of changes or updates to this Privacy Policy by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of the Website or by sending you an email but you should not rely on receiving such additional notice. We may alert you to changes by placing a notice on our Website, or as part of communications involving or as part of the Services, by sending you an email, or by some other means.
Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to the new Privacy Policy, including all of the changes. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about you as summarized in the following table:
Category
Specific Items of Personal Information
Identifiers
•       first and last name
•       user name (which may include first and last name)
•       email address
•       postal address
•       unique personal identifier
•       phone number
•       Images, pictures and likeness
•       social security number*
•       driver’s license or state ID number*
•       passport number*
Demographic
•       birth date
•       national origin, country of residence
Category
Specific Items of Personal Information
Internet or other electronic network activity
•       browsing, session, interaction, and search history related to our Website
•       Internet Protocol (or IP) address, protocol, and sequence information;
•       cookies
•       browser language and type;
•       domain name system requests;
•       material and pages viewed;
•       time and date of access to the Services;
•       number of bytes transferred;
•       number of clicks per visit;
•       operating system and platform, device type and device identifiers;
•       hypertext transfer protocol headers, application client and server banners, and operating system fingerprinting data
Geolocation
•     physical location or movements
Sensory information
•       voice and/or video recording
•       audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Professional or employment information
• email address that identifies you (e.g., jane.r.smith@website.com versus jrs@website.com)
Inferences drawn from any of the above to create a profile of a consumer
• a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
*Please note that social security number, driver’s license or state ID number, and passport number will only be used for payment purposes and will be stored by our PCI-compliant third party payment processor Stripe. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of Stripe should you have any questions about their privacy practices or security procedures.
Information You Provide to Us
.
The information we collect on or through our Mobile App may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Mobile App. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Mobile App, subscribing to or purchasing our Services, e-newsletters, posting material where permitted or requesting further Services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Mobile App.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Your search queries on the Mobile App.
Images, pictures, and likenesses of yourself that you provide for your profile.
Personal Information collected by or from our distributors, resellers, representatives, business partners, or service providers may be obtained as part of the following:
Information that you provide by filling in webforms on our Website. This includes information provided when creating an online account, purchasing our Products or Services, subscribing to our e-newsletters or other communications, requesting information from us, submitting or posting material (where permitted) on our forums, or interacting with customer support or service, report a problem with our Website, Products, or Services, or otherwise communicating with us.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us
Registering for an event
Your responses to surveys that we or our service providers might ask you to complete for research purposes
Your search queries on the Website
When communicating with customer service/support
Through participation in loyalty/rewards programs
Third party websites and mobile applications (e.g., websites that share information with us or advertising partners regarding online activities)
Data suppliers (e.g., companies that provide demographics and other information regarding consumers)
Joint marketing partners
Online advertising companies
Fulfillment and delivery service providers
Social media companies
Other service providers
Responding to employment opportunities
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
.
As you navigate through and interact with our Mobile App, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Mobile App, including, but not limited to, traffic data, geolocation data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Mobile App.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, browser type, clickstream patters, the URL of the most recent website you visited before coming to our Mobile App, the amount of time you spent on our Mobile App, and the pages you viewed while on our Mobile App.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time using the Mobile App (behavioral tracking). For more information on how to opt-out of third-party advertiser tracking mechanisms, please click
here
.
Keystrokes
. We or our service providers may keep track of and/or collect the keystrokes and cursor movements of Website visitors before purchase of a Product or Service from our Website (and before we have any email address or other information about you (other than IP address) which would specifically identify you), but, this information is anonymous and, at the time of collection, we do not directly associate or attempt to associate this information with you as an identifiable individual. If you sign up to receive our emails (e.g., through the popup box that appears) we then do have the ability going forward to associate the keystroke and cursor information with the email address you provide. We use this information solely for the purpose of improving our Website to improve our customers’ user experience (e.g., improving navigation, readability, etc.).
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include Personal Information, but we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Mobile App and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including, but not limited to, by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience/visitor size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize and improve our Website.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to the Mobile App.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, pixel tracking, GIF and/or IP address. Each of these is discussed below.
Cookies (or browser cookies)
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. It may contain certain data, including, but not limited to: the name of the server that has placed it there, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and, an expiration date (some cookies only). Cookies are managed by the web browser on your computer (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari or Google Chrome).
Different types of cookies which have different purposes are used on our Website.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential to allow you to browse our Website and use its functions. Without them, services such as shopping baskets and electronic invoicing would not be able to work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information on the use of our Website, such as which pages are consulted most often. This information enables us to optimize our Website and simplify browsing. Performance cookies also enable our affiliates and partners to find out whether you have accessed one of our Websites from their site and whether your visit has led to the use or purchase of a product or Service from our Website, including the references for the product or Service purchased. These cookies do not collect any information which could be used to identify you. All the information collected is aggregated, and therefore anonymous.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies enable our Website to remember the choices you have made when browsing. For example, we can store your geographical location in a cookie so that the Website corresponding to your area is shown. We can also remember your preferences, such as the text size, font and other customizable aspects of the Website. Functionality cookies may also be able to keep track of the products or videos consulted to avoid repetition. The information collected by these cookies cannot be used to identify you and cannot monitor your browsing activity on sites which do not belong to us.
It is possible that you will come across third-party cookies on some pages of sites that are not under our control.
In some countries, we are not permitted to send cookies to the browser of a user without the prior consent of the affected user. In such a case, we will seek appropriate consent. The entirety of this section assumes that either the use of cookies is not restricted by applicable law in your country or if it is restricted you have explicitly consented to the use of cookies.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting in your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
This allows us to display advertising that is tailored to you on our Website, to understand which parts of our content interest you the most and which Service categories you request. This tracking uses De-Identified Personal Information data (i.e., data that cannot be identified as being specifically associated with you) and does not use your Personal Information. We will not combine this data with your other Personal Information without your express permission. At any time, you can prevent the use of cookies like this in the future (see below for how to do this). Some of our contracted vendors and affinity partners are allowed to place cookies on our Website. Those companies may also provide you with the option of preventing the use of cookies in the future. For more information, contact the relevant third-party provider.
A feature of the Fanbase Mobile App is the ability for you to find out which of your friends are Fanbase users and invite them to connect with you in Fanbase. Within the Mobile App we may ask you by a popup message to give us access to the contacts on your mobile device. If you agree, we will temporarily collect only the name and phone number of your contacts and search our database to see if they are current Fanbase users. If you do not agree, we do not collect any such information. We use your contacts' name and phone number only for the purpose of identifying potential connections for you, and we delete that information after we have made the database search. We do not contact your contacts directly (unless they're already Fanbase users, and even then we only communicate in accordance with our privacy policy). If there are Fanbase users among your contacts, you will have the ability to invite them to connect with you in Fanbase.
Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our Mobile App or our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our Mobile App or our Website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Pixel Tracking.
In addition to using Cookies, our Mobile App or our Website may employ “pixel tracking”, a common process which may be used in connection with advertisements on other sites. Pixel tracking involves the use of pixel tags that are not visible to the user and consist of a few lines of computer code. Pixel tracking measures the effectiveness of advertisements and compiles aggregate and specific usage statistics. A “pixel tag” is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of websites that is used to track an individual user’s activity. We may access these pixel tags to identify activity and interests that may allow us to better match our goods, services, and other offers with your interests and needs. For example, if you visit our Website from an advertisement on another website, the pixel tag will allow the advertiser to track that its advertisement brought you to the Website. If you visit our Website, and we link you to another website, we may also be able to determine that you were sent to and/or transacted with a third-party website. This data is collected for use in our marketing and research.
GIF.
We may use tiny images known as clear GIFs to track behavior of users, including statistics on who opens our emails.
IP Address.
Our servers automatically record certain log file information reported from your browser when you access the Services. These server logs may include information such as which pages of the Service you visited, your internet protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, and other information on how you interact with the Services. These log files are generally deleted periodically.
TrueDepth                                                        API                                                        Technology
We use TrueDepth API technologies (ARKit, with automatic estimation of the real-world directional lighting environment) to create AR effects within the App. The only use of this information is to provide valuable user features. None of the information collected by the TrueDepth API ever leaves your device. We do not share information with third parties, do not store or process in any other way the data which we accessed and used via TrueDepth API.
Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may collect information that others provide about you when they use the Website, or obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the Website. If you link, connect, or login to your account with a third party social media service (e.g., Facebook, WeChat), the third party service may send us information such as your registration and profile information from that service. This information varies and is controlled by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Mobile App or the Website are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. First-party or third-party cookies may be used alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. A first-party cookie is a cookie set by the domain name that appears in the browser address bar. A third-party cookie is a cookie set by (and on) a domain name that is not the domain name that appears in the browser address bar. It might be set as part of a side resource load (image, JS, iframe, etc. from a different hostname) or an AJAX HTTP request to a third-party server. The information that first-party and third-party cookies collect may be associated with your Personal Information or they may collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services (i.e., tracking such activities). They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Google
Google Analytics (Firebase). We use, and some of our third-party service providers may use,
Google Analytics
(click for link to Google’s website) or other analytics service to help us understand use of our Website and Services. Such service providers may place their own cookies in your browser. This Privacy Policy covers use of cookies by us only and not the use of cookies by third parties.
We also use Google Maps (including the Google Maps API(s)) and/or Google Earth, or another mapping service, which may, among other things, request access to your geolocation, and both of which are subject to their own terms of us and privacy policy.
Google AdSense Advertising. We use Google AdSense Advertising (or other search engine or display network advertising) on our website. Google’s advertising requirements and principles are available
here
.
They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. We have implemented the following: (a) Remarketing with Google AdSense and (b) Google Display Network Impression Reporting.
Google DART Cookie. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Website. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our Website and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our Website.
Google DoubleClick Cookie. We work with DoubleClick Cookie Google, a third-party vendor, which uses cookies to serve ads on our Website. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Website or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page
here
.
Google reCAPTCHA. We use Google reCAPTCHA, which identifies bots by collecting hardware and software information and sending that data to Google for analysis. More about Google reCAPTCHA is available
here
and
here
.
Posting Content
You also may submit information, such as comments, reviews, testimonials, etc., to be published or displayed (“
posted
”) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “
Content
”). Your Content is posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your Content. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your Content will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. By posting any Content or submitting Content for posting you agree to and do hereby grant us and our licensors, affiliates, partners, successors and assigns, a nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable, transferrable, royalty-free right and license to use, store, display, publish, transmit, transfer, distribute, reproduce, rearrange, edit, redact, modify, aggregate, summarize, adapt, create derivative works of and publicly perform the Content that you post or otherwise submit to us for any purpose, in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed (“
Right to Use
”).
The Right to Use you grant us above also extends to any Content that you have posted to our Facebook or other social media account pages, or on other websites, e.g., Google, Yelp, Trip Advisor, Instagram, etc. The term “
Use
” includes, but is not limited to, use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, delete, translate, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and make derivative works of the content.
You agree to comply with our Community Guidelines, as set forth in the EULA.
We may post content on our Mobile App you post to our Facebook or other social media account pages.
The right to Use you grant us also extends to any content we may post on our Website that you have posted at other websites, e.g., Google.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information:
To present our Mobile App and its contents to you.
To provide you with information on products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with services that you have requested.
To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
To send you emails and newsletters with product, service, company, and other information.
To communicate with you regarding information, features or offers that we believe will be of interest to you.
To respond to your questions or other requests.
To contact you with regard to the Mobile App.
To process any applications, changes to your account information.
To process other information or Personal Information that you submit through the Mobile App.
To notify you about changes to our Website, our policies, terms or any products or Services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Mobile App.
To ask for ratings and reviews of our Mobile App, Services, and/or products.
To contact you regarding a sweepstakes, contest or promotion in which you have participated.
To provide access to restricted parts of our Mobile App.
To request your participation in surveys, focus groups, or other initiatives which help us to gather information used to develop and enhance our products and Services.
To determine eligibility for membership, credentials, designations, or volunteer opportunities.
For event registration, attendance verification, scheduling, administration and related purposes.
To serve relevant information to you when you visit our Mobile App or other third-party sites (including social media platforms).
To enhance and improve our products and Services, for example, by performing internal research, analyzing user trends and measuring demographics and interests.
For internal purposes, such as Mobile App and system administration or internal audits and reviews.
To comply with applicable law(s) (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena or court order) or to carry out professional ethics/conduct investigations.
For analyzing how the Services are used, diagnosing Service or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalizing content.
To operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Services.
To provide statistics about the usage levels of the Mobile other related aggregated/deidentified information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will not include information which will allow you to be identified.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
De-Identified Personal Information is aggregated for system administration and to monitor usage of the Mobile App. It is utilized to measure the number of visits to our Mobile App, average time spent, number of pages viewed and to monitor various other Mobile App statistics. This monitoring helps us evaluate how visitors use and navigate our Mobile App so we can improve the content.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses; and, (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.
We may also use your Personal Information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please either check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form) or adjust your user preferences in your account profile).
We may use your Personal Information you provide to us and which we obtain from other sources to better understand your interests so we can try to predict what other products, services and information you might be most interested in. This practice is called “interest-based advertising”, which involves making automated decisions about you based on this information in order to better enable us to tailor our interactions with you to make them more relevant and interesting. You may object to such profiling at any time by contacting us (see Contact Information/User Rights below).
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements via the Mobile App to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your Personal Information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Fanbase Audio Feature
.
With our Fanbase Audio feature users can drop in to a chat room and join a conversation. Please note that we make and temporarily store audio recordings while the chat room is open and retain those recordings whether the chat room is open or closed. Recordings are not considered confidential. We may disclose recordings to a chat room participant or other third party for any purpose, or where required by governmental agency. We may retain and delete recordings according to our internal retention policy. All audio recordings are encrypted when stored by us. We may transcribe recordings and use, retain, and disclose them in the same way we do for audio recordings. By entering a chat room you hereby give us permission to record, use, and disclose recordings of your voice and transcriptions thereof as set forth above in this Section and as disclosed in our Privacy Policy.
We do not monitor Fanbase Audio chat rooms. A conversation incident may be reported to us by clicking the “Report” button. If an incident is reported, we will review it and we will investigate and take action where appropriate, including, but not limited to, suspending or banning a user from a chat room or from use of the Mobile App.
Social Media Plugins
We integrate social media application program interfaces or plug-ins (Plug-ins) from social networks, including Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, Xing, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Pinterest and/or possibly other companies, into the Website. In order to register as a user with us, you may have the option to sign in using your Facebook or other social media site (SMS) login.
For example, when you visit our Website, the plugin creates a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. This allows Facebook to receive information about your visit to our Website with your IP address. If you click the Facebook “Like” button while you are logged on to your Facebook account, you can link the contents of our Website to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to assign your visit to our Website to your user account. Please note that as provider of the Website, we receive no notification about the contents of the transmitted data or their use by Facebook. If you do not want Facebook to assign your visit to our Website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.
If you do so, you authorize us to access certain SMS account information, such as your public SMS profile (consistent with your privacy settings in SMS), your email address, interests, likes, gender, birthday, education history, relationships, interests, current city, photos, personal description, friend list, and information about and photos of your SMS friends who might be common SMS friends with other users. Plug-ins may transfer information about you to the Plugin’s respective platform without action by you. This information may include your platform user identification number, which website you are on, and more. Interacting with a Plug-in will transmit information directly to that Plug-in’s social network and that information may be visible by others on that platform. Plug-ins are controlled by the respective platform’s privacy policy, and not by our Privacy Policy. You can find the privacy policy for a platform on their website.
How We Share Your Information
Personal Information:
Broadly stated, we may disclose, rent, or sell your Personal Information, in whole or in part, with third parties for the purpose of providing or improving the Services to you, who perform services on our behalf, or for marketing purposes. We disclose Personal Information to the following types of third parties, and for the following purposes:
Hosting providers for the secure storage and transmission of your data
Learning technology and online event providers for the delivery and improvement of web events and learning programs and the tracking of your progress
Identity management providers for authentication purposes
Database software providers for the management and tracking of your data
Legal and compliance consultants, such as external counsel, external auditors, or tax consultants
Marketing providers who send communications on our behalf regarding our products and Services
Payment solution providers for the secure processing of payments you provide to us
Third parties who develop products on our behalf
Technology providers who assist in the development and management of our Mobile App
Outbound call center providers, who may perform outreach on our behalf regarding our products and Services
Fulfillment and shipping vendors for the fulfillment of our products and Services
Survey and research providers who perform studies on our behalf
Advertising partners, including social media providers, for the delivery of targeted advertisements
Unrelated third-party list renters for one-time mail or email approved by us
Marketing providers who may sell mailing lists
Disclosures to Service Providers
. We may share your Personal Information with third parties for the purpose of providing or improving the Services to you. We may share your Personal Information with third party service providers which perform services on our behalf (“
Service Providers
”). This includes, without limitation, Service Providers which provide services relating to: outbound and/or inbound communications, data analysis, credit checks, screening checks, collection services, marketing assistance, managing customer information, creating, hosting, and/or providing customer or support services on our behalf, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, or managing our conferences and other events. These Service Providers may have access to your Personal Information in order to provide these services to us or on our behalf. If we engage Service Providers for any of the foregoing, use of your Personal Information will be bound by obligations of confidentiality and their use of Personal Information will be restricted to providing their services to us. We may store Personal Information in locations outside our direct control (for instance, on servers or databases located or co-located with hosting Service Providers).
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose Personal Information to any third party unless required to do so by law, court order, legal process, or subpoena, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, subsidiaries, contracted vendors, or affinity partners, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) enforce our EULA (including for billing and collection purposes); (c) take precautions against liability; (d) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (e) assist government enforcement agencies; (f) to protect the security or integrity of our Mobile App or our Services; or, (g) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, our users or others. We will attempt to notify you about these requests unless: (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law, or (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon us, our users, our Website, or our Services. In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact if we determine in good faith that we are no longer legally prohibited from doing so and that no risk scenarios described in this paragraph apply.
It is likely that the identity and categories of such third parties will change during the life of your account. We require that our third-party service providers only use your Personal Information as necessary to provide the requested services to us and each service provider is subject to a set of terms consistent with the applicable portions of this Privacy Policy.
De-Identified Personal Information:
We may share De-Identified Personal Information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, IP address, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Services.
Event-Related Disclosures
: From time to time, we may run contests, special offers, or other events or activities (“
Events
”), possibly together with a third party Service Provider. If you provide information to such Service Providers, you give them permission to use it for the purpose of that Event and any other use to which you consent. We cannot control such third parties’ use of your information. If you do not want your information to be collected by or shared with such third parties, you can choose not to participate in these Events.
Your Consent to Disclosure/Transfer of Your Personal Information
You consent to our disclosure of your Personal Information, De-Identified Personal Information, and other information you provide to us (“
Transferred Information
”) to a potential or actual buyer or acquirer of our company or other successor for the purpose of considering a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, change in control, or sale or transfer of some or all of our assets (each of the foregoing referred to as a “
Transfer
”), whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or other court proceeding, in which Personal Information held by us is among the assets transferred. You agree to and do hereby consent to (and shall not object to) our assignment, conveyance, transfer, and/or license (whether by contract, merger or operation of law) as part of a Transfer, of any or all of our rights, in whole or in part, in or to Transferred Information and your consents, with or without notice to you and without your further consent. We cannot make any representations regarding the use or transfer of Transferred Information that we may have in the c of our bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership, or an assignment for the benefit of creditors. By providing any Personal Information, you expressly agree and consent to the use and/or transfer of Transferred Information or other information in connection with a Transfer. Furthermore, except as required by law, we are not and will not be responsible for any breach of security by any third parties or for any actions of any third parties that receive any of the Transferred Information that is disclosed to us
Data Transfer/Access Outside of the United States
We have our headquarters in the United States. The Personal Information we collect may be stored and processed in servers within or outside of the United States and wherever we and our service providers have facilities around the globe. As such, we and our service providers may transfer your Personal Information to, or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, we provide adequate protection for the transfer of Personal Information to countries outside of the EEA or Switzerland. We may also need to transfer your information to other group companies or service providers in countries outside the EEA. This may happen if our servers or suppliers and service providers are based outside the EEA, or if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside this area.
If you are a resident of country other than the United States, you acknowledge and expressly consent to our collecting, transmitting, and storing your Personal Information out of the country in which you reside.
Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
Your Personal Information is contained behind secured networks and a firewall and is only accessible by a limited number of persons and service providers who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Any payment transactions will be performed using our third party payment processors or gateways, who will use appropriate security procedures designed to protect your information. We do not receive or have access to your full credit card number.
Our Mobile App is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our Mobile App safer.
We may store, retrieve, access, and transmit your Personal Information in the US or in other countries.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. You should maintain good internet security practices. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the Mobile App or Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You should not share your password with anyone. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. If your email account or Facebook account is compromised this could allow access to your account with us if you have given us those details and/or permitted access through those accounts. If your email account is compromised it could be used to ask us to reset a password and gain access to your account with us. If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us, and in particular make sure any compromised account does not allow access to your account with us. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by other users. We will never email you to ask for your password or other account login information. If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do use security measures designed to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to us or which we obtain. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained in the Mobile App or used with our Services.
Data Retention
The time periods for which we retain your Personal Information depend on the purposes for which we use it. We will keep your Personal Information for as long as your account is active, or as long as you are a registered subscriber or account holder or user of the Mobile App or our Services or for as long as we have another legitimate business purpose to do so and, thereafter, for no longer than is required or permitted by law, or our records retention policy, reasonably necessary for internal reporting and reconciliation purposes, or to provide you with feedback or information you might request. This period of retention is subject to our review and alteration.
Following termination or deactivation of your account, we may retain your profile information and all information posted to public areas of the Mobile App. Following termination or deactivation of your account, we may retain your Personal Information and other data, but will maintain it as confidential according to the EULA, this Privacy Policy and as required by applicable law. We have the right to delete all of your Personal Information and other data after termination of your account without notice to you.
What Information You Can Access, Change, or Delete
Through your account settings, you may access and, in some cases, edit or delete certain information you’ve provided to us, such as name and password, email address, address, user profile information, etc. The information that you can view, update, and delete may change as the Mobile App and our Services or our practices change. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us.
California Residents
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), we collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers, such as name and government-issued identifier
Personal information, as defined in the California safeguards law, such as contact and financial information
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, gender, medical conditions, and marital status
Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites
Geolocation data, such as device location
Audio, electronic, visual and similar information, such as call and video recordings
Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer
Education information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, such as student records and directory information
Inferences may also be drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
We collect this Personal Information directly from California residents themselves, as well as from joint marketing partners, public databases, providers of demographic data, publications, professional organizations, social media platforms, people with whom you are connected on social media platforms, caregivers, companies and other third parties that help us screen and onboard individuals for hiring purposes, and other third parties. For more information on our social media practices, please see
here
.
We may use this Personal Information for legitimate business purposes to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, for our employment purposes, and to otherwise accomplish our business purposes and objectives. Our business purposes and objectives include, for example, developing, improving, repairing, and maintaining our products and services; personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services; conducting research, analytics, and data analysis; maintaining our facilities and infrastructure; undertaking quality and safety assurance measures; conducting risk and security controls and monitoring; detecting and preventing fraud; performing identity verification; performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations; complying with law, legal process, and internal policies; maintaining records; and exercising and defending legal claims.
We may disclose the following Personal Information to our affiliates and third parties, such as our service providers, for the operation of our legitimate business purposes:
Identifiers, such as name and government-issued identifier
Personal information, as defined in the California safeguards law, such as contact and financial information
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, gender, medical conditions, and marital status
Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites
Geolocation data, such as device location
Audio, electronic, visual and similar information, such as call and video recordings
Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer
Education information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, such as student records and directory information
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics  • We have not “sold” Personal Information for purposes of the CCPA.
For purposes of this CCPA Notice, “sold” or “sale” means the disclosure of Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration but does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business.
If you are a California resident, you may request that we:
Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you
The business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information about you
The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such Personal Information
Delete Personal Information we collected from you
Correct any inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected
To make a request for the disclosures, deletion, or correction described above, please contact us at support@fanbase.app. In some instances, we may decline to honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of Personal Information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another California resident.
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA..
Notices; Opting Out
By providing us with your email address (including by “following,” “liking,” linking your account to our Service or other services, etc., on a third party website or network), you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. You also agree that we may send you notifications of activity on the Service to the email address you give us, in accordance with any applicable privacy settings. We may use your email address to send you other messages or content, such as, but not limited to, newsletters, additions or changes to features of the Service, or special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out by emailing us your opt-out request or by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of our e-newsletter. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, special features, announcements, or offers. You may not opt out of Service-related emails.
You can add, update, or delete information as explained above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your account by emailing us. It is your responsibility to maintain your current email address with us.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or for any other purposes, please contact us at
support@fanbase.app
; or Fanbase Social Media, Inc., P.O. Box 20343, Atlanta, Georgia 30325 USA.
The Follow Provisions Apply Only to Citizens and Residents of the United Kingdom, EEA, and Switzerland:
The following provisions apply only if you are a citizen or resident of the UK, EEA, or Switzerland. For such citizens or residents, all processing of your Personal Information is performed in accordance with privacy rights and regulations, in particular, (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”, available
here
)
, and our processing will take place in accordance with the GDPR. For purposes of the GDPR, we will be the “data controller” of Personal Information (referred to and defined in the GDPR (available
here
)
as “Personal Data”) we collect through the Website, unless we collect such information on behalf of a “data controller” in which case we will be a “data processor.” This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites, applications or services that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or that display or link to a different privacy policy. For UK, EEA, and Switzerland residents and citizens only, to the extent any definition in this Privacy Policy conflicts with a definition under the GDPR, the GDPR definition shall control.
Our Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (UK, EEA, and Swiss Visitors Only)
If you are a visitor using our Website from the UK, EEA or Switzerland, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we need the Personal Data to perform Services for you for which you have contracted with us, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests or rely upon your consent where we are legally required to do so and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Your Data Rights Under GDPR
Relevant data protection laws provide you certain rights regarding the protection of your data, to exercise any of the following rights please contact us at
support@fanbase.app
including:
the right to access
- Upon request, we will confirm any processing of your Personal Information and, and provide you with a copy of that Personal Information in an acceptable machine-readable format.
the right to rectification
- You have the right to have us correct any inaccurate Personal Information or to have us complete any incomplete Personal Information.
the right to erasure
- You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Information and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion).
the right to restrict processing
- You have the right to ask us to suppress the processing of your Personal Information but we may still store your Personal Information.
the right to object to processing
- You have the right to object to your Personal Information used in the following manners: (a) processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); (b) direct marketing (including profiling); and, (c) processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
the right to data portability
- you have the right to obtain your Personal Information from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform fulfillment of member benefits with you. We will give you your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
the right to complaint to a supervisory authority
- You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European member state of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of Personal Information relating to you infringes upon your rights.
the right to withdraw consent
- We rely on your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.