Privacy Policy
What information do we
collect?
We collect certain information from your mobile device,
including but not limited to the following:
Device and Usage Information that may include(1) information
specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating system,
advertising identifier and similar information); (2) information about your use
of features, functions, or notifications on the device; and (3) signal strength
relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality, temperature, battery level, and
similar technical data. (4)Face data
When you use the App and
select photographs or videos for editing, we cache them for processing to
render the requested editing service:
Photographs or videos you select when you use the Apps, via your camera
or camera roll (if you have granted the Apps the permission to access your
camera or camera roll), or via the in-App internet search functionality. We
process only specific photos and videos you choose to modify using the Apps;
and we do not collect your photo or video albums even if you grant us access to
them. We safeguard each photograph or video that you select using an encryption
key stored locally on your device. This means that the only device that can
view the photo or video is the device from which the photograph or video was
submitted using the Apps – the user’s device. Please note that while we do not
require or request any metadata attached to the photographs or videos you select
for editing, metadata (including, for example, geotags) may be associated with
your photographs or videos by default. We take steps to delete any metadata
that may be associated with a photograph or video you provide when you use the
Apps. Photographs or videos may remain cached in the cloud for a limited period
of 24 hours after your last edit, so that you can return to it and make
additional changes if you so choose.
How we use the information
we collect:
- Operate and improve our services;
- Provide user and other support, including to our third-party business
partners;
- Provide you with information when you enter participating local venues;
- Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
- To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond
to your individual needs)
-To recognize the position of the user’s head to make the effects have better
result on pictures or videos.
We will retain your information for as long as the
application is installed on your mobile device or as needed to provide you
service. If you remove the application, we will remove your information and use
copies of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Application permissions and usage
instructions required by the App
：
a. Modify or delete the contents of the memory card
b. Access approximate location information (using the network for positioning)
c. camera
d. Read the contents of the memory card
Description of sensitive privacy rights:
a. Allow the application to modify or delete photos, media content and files on
the memory card.
b. Allow applications to obtain location information based on network sources
such as base stations and Wi-Fi.
c. Allow the app to take photos and videos.
d. Allow apps to read photos, media content and files on the memory card.
Do we share any
information to outside parties?
We share the information we collect with third-party
business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their
usage of the information. Our third-party business partners may share the
information with their own third party business partners and use the
information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners
to:
- Operate and improve their services;
- Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services in
this app or on other apps or websites based on variables such as your location,
and assess your level of engagement with them;
- Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
-The face data we collect will not be stored or shared to third parties, this
information only help us to recognize your face and head position to make the
effects and filters can have better result on your creatives.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information
collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Security
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures
for the purpose of preventing loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure
of the Information. For example, in some of our Services, we use encryption
technology to protect certain sensitive Information provided by you to us.
Please note that no data security measures can guarantee 100% security at all
times. Our systems and the communications networks through which you access our
services may be subject to security breaches and failures which are due to
circumstances beyond our reasonable control
Advertising
We may collect and use information about you, such as your
device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address
for the purpose of the tracking of the advertising. This information is used
together to create a unique user number to help us to better count and track
advertising based on language, geographic location and other relevant details.
This information is NOT SOLD to outside parties.
We do not display any ads(except hints) for the VIP
subscription of our services. As well, we are proud to offer free,
advertising-supported services to the customers. We work with third-party
advertising partners to show ads to the customers who choose free services.
We ensure that we do not target any personal information
based on these ads. Although you opt in to use the free, advertising-supported
services, we won't share the advertisers any your personal information or any
usage information without your prior consent.
To learn more about these programs, please visit:
·
Facebook:
https://business.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
·
Google AdMob:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
·
Unity AD:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
·
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
·
Mopub:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
·
AdColony https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
·
IronSource
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
·
Tapjoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
·
Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
User Logs
When using our Services, including engaging with, watching
or producing any content in relation to our Services, certain user log
information in our application will be automatically collected, including (i)
details on when and how often our Services are being used, (ii) devices
statistics, critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone
and so on. These user logs are used to improve our Services and are NOT USED to
identify and track our users individually.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy
policy.
Revision to the Privacy
Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. But
when we do, we'll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we'll let you
know by revising the date at the top of the privacy policy that's available on
our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with
additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites' homepages or
providing you with an in-app notification).
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy
you may contact us using the information below.
feedback@gpower.co