Privacy Policy
Mobile Minigames (aka Athene AI Heroes), MobileMinigames.com, and GamingForGood.net are developed and maintained by an informal collective of volunteer contributors, known as ‘The Singularity Group’, who focus their efforts on a wide range of projects from charity fundraising to net neutrality activism. The Service doesn't sell data or act as a middleman for your donations nor for charity donations. In all legal, commercial and administrative regards, GamingForGood.net, MobileMinigames.com, Mobile Minigames (aka Athene AI Heroes) and their games and apps (collectively herein referred to as the Service or Services) are published, owned and represented by the European company, The Naughty Cult Ltd., and for the purposes of applicable EU data protection law (including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 aka GDPR), we are a 'data controller' of your personal information. "We", "us" or "GamingForGood" will, in this Privacy Policy, collectively refer to The Naughty Cult Ltd.
We take privacy and security very seriously and always try to go the extra mile to make sure that your data is protected and that we don't collect or store any information from you that is not relevant to our services. And since we want to be transparent about how we process your information, we are providing detailed insight into when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files which are placed on your device as you browse this website. They are used to 'remember' when your computer or device accesses our websites. We use cookies to remember a few settings and details that allow us to make things more convenient for you. You may set your browser to block cookies but this may disable some of the website's functionality.
Here's what our cookies do:
If you logged in ('connected') using Twitch or another service such as Facebook or YouTube on our GamingForGood.net or MobileMinigames.com website, some session/account data is stored to let you use our Dashboard and make donations using the name or nickname provided by the third party service you logged in with.
Google Analytics and other analytics trackers may store some information to help give us an overview of visitor statistics (more information on this below).
Cloudfront, which helps speed up page-loading and protect our website against DDoS-attacks, may store some information that allows them to decide whether or not to grant you access to our pages.
When someone visits GamingForGood.net or MobileMinigames.com, we may use Google Analytics and other analytics methods and services to collect standard Internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the sites. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow third party analytics services to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Your Account
Instead of letting users make an account with an e-mail or username and password, our Service simply lets users connect with an existing account from an integrated social platform such as Twitch, Facebook and YouTube. As a result, we don't receive or keep account passwords on our servers. But since our GamingForGood.net Dashboard and donation pages as well as various MobileMinigames.com and Mobile Minigames (aka Athene AI Heroes) in-game features allow you to interact with these external social platforms in many ways, we may explicitly request access to a range of aspects of your existing third party service account when you choose to connector log in. Depending on the use-case (whether you connect through the website or the Mobile Minigames (aka Athene AI Heroes) game for example), this list may include features that we might never actually use but are nevertheless listed due to the fact that the service in question (eg. Twitch) bundles certain features along with the ones we need. The full list is presented when you authorize connecting with your preferred service and may include but is not limited to:
Your email address
A list of all subscribers to your channel
Ability to log into chat and send messages
View your paid subscriptions
Check if a user is subscribed to your channel
Manage your followed channels
Update your channel's title, game, status, and other metadata
Cut VODs
Only if you choose to 'Authorize' this request, which lists all the details upon connecting, do we get access to any of this information and functionality. You can completely revoke our access at any time from the Connections tab of the Twitch.tv Settings page or similar settings pages on the other services.
After connecting with your account, the following data may be stored on our servers:
Your Dashboard preferences
Your email address (so that we can email you confirmation when you make a donation)
Third party platform account information such as but not limited to Twitch, YouTube, Facebook or Discord account information that is required for us to connect your game or Dashboard preferences to you and/or enable people to donate to you on your GamingForGood.net stream page
Basic session logging details such as IP's and timestamps so that we can track and prevent potential abuse
Incoming and outgoing donation details that are relevant for displaying on your Dashboard and stream page and to track and prevent potential abuse
Avatars, nicknames and/or emotes publicly displayed by your third party service account (for representation or display on-site or in-game)
Mobile Minigames (aka Athene AI Heroes)
Our mobile game, Mobile Minigames (aka Athene AI Heroes), which is part of our overall Service, features stylized representations of emotes and avatars from streamers who use GamingForGood.net and will encourage players to visit the streams associated with them. We give streamers full control over how and whether they are represented or referred to and on the Dashboard offer the option to add, change or remove references or appearances from the game.
Data that you provide to us in-game:
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Profile information, including player avatars created by using the in-game camera feature and/or uploading images. Note: the in-game camera uses Banuba's SDK (please read their privacy policy here
http://banubafilters.com/privacy-policy/
). Banuba uses Apple's TrueDepth API to create AR effects within the app. None of the information collected by the TrueDepth API ever leaves the user's device. For more information on TrueDepth, you may visit
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208108
Messages that you may send to other players or post wherever the game allows it, through built-in messaging, bulletin or discussion systems or, in some cases, messages or posts sent or received in-game through integrated third-party services such as Discord, Facebook, YouTube, Reddit or Twitch
Other data you expressly choose to give us (such as when reporting a bug)
Other data that GamingForGood.net and MobileMinigames.com collect upon login/’connecting’ as described above as GamingForGood.net and MobileMinigames.com are integrated with Mobile Minigames (aka Athene AI Heroes)
Info through other services: when you expressly choose to authorize connecting a third party service or social networking service such as Twitch, Facebook, YouTube, Reddit or Discord, it allows us to obtain information from those accounts (for example, your friends or contacts) to the extent that the authorization explicitly states and/or the service’s own terms allows
Cookies as described above
Data the game collects automatically:
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and other relevant identifiers (such as an advertising ID)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies
General location data (if explicitly enabled)
Precise geo-location data for GeoPet GO (if explicitly enabled)
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data, your interactions with other players inside the Service and crash reports
Data we collect from partners:
Data we receive when you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook or Google)
Demographic data
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse or click fraud in advertising)
Data from the platforms that the game runs on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
Data from Google APIs:
Mobile Minigames’ (aka Athene AI Heroes’) use and transfer of information received from Google APIs to any other app will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Publishers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user's device data (including Advertising ID, Device ID, other available electronic identifiers and further response meta-data is automatically sent, via our app, to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully the Pollfish respondent terms located at
https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent
. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sends such questionnaires to eligible users. Pollfish may share such data with third parties, clients and business partners, for commercial purposes. By downloading the application, you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by visiting the following link:
https://www.pollfish.com/respondent/opt-out
. We once more invite you to check the Pollfish respondent's terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works and with whom Pollfish may further share your data.
How We Keep Your Personal Information Secure
We store personal information on secure servers that are managed by us and our service providers. These servers are protected by security and access controls as well as data encryption where possible and appropriate and are only accessible to limited, specific and qualified team members.
Who Gets To See Your Data
Aside from qualified team members, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Viewers and/or other players: social features are key to our Services, other players or website users may see your profile data, in-game activities and read messages you have posted
Partners working on behalf of The Naughty Cult Ltd.: Wherever necessary in order to deliver our Services, data may be shared for hosting, player support, advertising, analytics, fraud prevention and to ensure that integrated services such as Facebook and Google Analytics work properly, even if the player is not actively using these services
Public authorities: The Naughty Cult Ltd. may exchange data with public authorities in response to lawful requests
Advertising and integrated social media platforms: our Services include features from platforms such as
Bidstack
,
Unity and Unity Ads, which have their own privacy policy
that we encourage you to read. In addition, you may choose to use our integration of for example
Reddit
,
Twitch
,
YouTube
,
Discord
or
Facebook
, in which case we also encourage you to check their Terms and Privacy Policies (click the links to read these) to learn more about their data processing practices. An example of this is how Mobile Minigames (aka Athene AI Heroes) uses the YouTube API Services to allow players to livestream. This means that YouTube and Google's
Privacy Policy
applies.
Children's Privacy
We feel it is especially important to protect the privacy of young children. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from persons under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access GamingForGood.net's or MobileMinigames.com's pages, or our Services in general at any time, or in any manner. If we learn of personal information collected of persons under 13, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who has connected or otherwise logged into our Service, then please contact us at support@mobileminigames.com to have the account deactivated and its data deleted.
Your Rights and Options
We retain your personal information as long as is necessary to provide the Services to you and others and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your personal information or provide you with Services, you can request that we erase all records we have related to you and deactivate your account. In addition, you also have the following rights and options:
Opt-out of marketing communications: you may opt out of promotional communications (such as marketing emails) by following the instructions included within them.
Opt-out of targeted advertising: you can opt out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by adjusting the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android) in addition to whichever other related options that we may present in-app.
Access the personal data we hold about you: upon request, we can provide a copy of your personal data.
Platforms that we integrate with and that you choose to connect with our game or platform may also offer the option to revoke all or specific rights through their own settings. For YouTube, you can at any time revoke access to your data at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
Your other rights: You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object to how we use or share your data, ask for a copy of the personal data undergoing processing and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off location sharing in your mobile device settings.
We will respond to all requests within 30 days.
When We Need to Update This Policy
From time to time, we may need to change this policy to ensure that it stays up to date with the latest legal requirements as well as changes and additions to our services. Although we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to the Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Service, you should periodically review the most up-to-date version. A copy of the latest version of this policy will always be available on these pages:
https://mobileminigames.com/legal/terms
and
https://mobileminigames.com/legal/privacy
.
If at any point you would like us to completely delete your account or any other identifiable information we may have, would like to request an archive of this information or would like us to correct potentially erroneous information we may have in our database, feel free to use the option in the Account Data panel on the Dashboard or send us an email at support@mobileminigames.com and we will process your request as soon as we can.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@mobileminigames.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://banubafilters.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Last updated 22 January 2021
Banuba Limited, having its registered address at Office A, 16/F Heng Shan Centre 145 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, reg. No. 2360577, together with companies in the same corporate group, take your privacy seriously. Please, read carefully this Privacy Policy as it sets out our data processing practices with respect to your data collected via Funveo App.
This Privacy Policy is an integral part of Our Terms and Conditions and refers to Funveo  application, hereinafter – the “App/ Funveo App”. All definitions used in this Privacy Policy (if not explicitly mentioned herein) shall have the same meaning as provided in Our Terms and Conditions.
“Device identifier” means device type, device model, device maker, device operating system and its language or other technical data like screen size or processor, or combination of this data available from a device for a developer for checking the device compatibility with a particular application.
“IP address” or “Internet Protocol Address” mean addresses assigned to computers connected to the Internet. Those addresses can be “dynamic” which means they change each time the computer connects to the Internet, or they can be “static” which means that they are fixed. When a computer requests a web page or other content on the Internet, it sends its IP address to the computer hosting that content asking the server to return the content to its IP address. Without the address, the server would not know where to send the content.
“Your (personal) data” in this Privacy Policy shall mean any data regarding You or users of the App, which identifies or allows to identify You.
“Advertising ID” means Apple Identifier for Advertisers (“IDFA”) on Apple and Google Advertising Identity (“GAID”). These are unique identifiers for mobile device that advertisers use for personalized advertising. They are consistent across all mobile applications and thus allow cross-app tracking. Advertising IDs are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers, which are uniquely associated with your device. “Device identifier” means device type, device model, device maker, device operating system and its language or other technical data like screen size or processor, or combination of this data available from a device for a developer for checking the device compatibility with a particular application. “IP address” or “Internet Protocol Address” mean addresses assigned to computers connected to the Internet. Those addresses can be “dynamic” which means they change each time the computer connects to the Internet, or they can be “static” which means that they are fixed. When a computer requests a web page or other content on the Internet, it sends its IP address to the computer hosting that content asking the server to return the content to its IP address. Without the address, the server would not know where to send the content. “Your (personal) data” in this Privacy Policy shall mean any data regarding You or users of the App, which identifies or allows to identify You.
1. ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
By using Funveo App you express your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, as such Policy may be amended from time to time. Each time you use Funveo  App, you agree to our collection, use, storage, transfer and disclosure of the information that you provide as described in this Policy.
If you do not agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy then, please, do not use Funveo App. The current version of this Privacy Policy shall be always available at https://www.banubafilters.cc/privacy-policy/).
2. INFORMATION COLLECTED
2.1
. Information We Collect
2.1.1
. When you use our Services to enable functioning of Funveo App we shall automatically collect from you and/or your device certain information, e.g. your IP address and device identifier. Without device identifier we are not able to provide Services to you, as are not able to identify your device across the devices of other Funveo App users. We collect IP address for security (we store that data to protect against cyberattacks), as well as to know your geographic location to stay aware of legislation applicable to you, so we could follow its requirements. Some information are collected through cookies or by third party providers as explained further. We shall not associate collected IP address or device ID with other information about you, as e-mail, address or other identifying data.
2.1.2
. As FunveoApp functionality is fully based on face detection, in order to use our App we shall need it to process your images taken by the device camera. However, all images taken by your mobile phone camera shall be processed solely on your device and shall not be sent to our servers, i.e. we do not have access to such images (we will not collect, share or store them).
2.1.3
. FunveoApp face detection algorithms used within processing of your images are not able to identify a specific person and, therefore, generally cannot be considered as collecting biometric information. However, in case the applicable law stipulates that images captured by the camera or face geometry generated by Funveo App are considered as biometric identifiers, biometric information or similar legal category, hereby you express your informed written consent on their processing as described in this Policy.
2.1.4
. When using our Apps we do not collect information, which identify or allows to identify you, unless you voluntarily provide us with such data (in particular, when communicating with our support team, leaving feedback re your experience with the Apps) or when certain parts of our Services ask you to provide personal information voluntarily (e.g. we process your email when you submit enquiries via Funveo website or Funveo App to share our SDK with you along with other information you deem necessary to provide or request).
If you leave your email we may send you our updates (marketing communications), unless you opt-out receiving these messages from us by clicking “UNSUBSCRIBE” inside the message.
2.1.5
. In case we start collecting other categories of your personal data, we shall first explain why we collect it and ask for your express consent for such collection and further processing.
2.1.6.
We use
TrueDepth API
technologies (ARKit, with automatic estimation of the real-world directional lighting environment) to create AR effects within the App. The only use of this information is to provide valuable user features. None of the information collected by the TrueDepth API ever leaves the user’s device. We do not share information with third parties, do not store or process in any other way the data which we accessed and used via TrueDepth API. For more information about TrueDepth API technologies you may visit
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208108
.
3. Information Collected by Third-Party Providers
3.1
. For the purposes of attribution and tracking the performance of our advertising campaigns and applications, including their effectiveness, usage, installations and downloads, we engage advertising and analytics third party providers (hereinafter – Providers), currently the following Providers are being engaged:
Provider
Provider’s Data Policy
Facebook Analytics
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Amplitude
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Appsflyer
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AWS (Amazon Web Services)
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Unity Ads
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/#section-2-1
To see the list of open source licenses used please follow the links:
Android licenses:
https://banubafilters.com/licenses
iOS licenses:
https://banubafilters.com/licenses
The lists of Providers and open source licenses used may be amended from time to time, please refer to this Privacy Policy to obtain up-to-date information.
3.2
. The Providers may collect the following personal information about users of the Devices: IP address, advertising IDs assigned by our Providers, browsing behavior and location data. Such information shall be collected directly by Providers and subsequently shall be shared with us. The Providers may combine such information with other personal information they have in their procession and may use it for targeted advertising, i.e. for showing the most relevant ads to You across Internet network.
3.3
. Personal data mentioned in Clause 2.2.2 shall be collected based on our legitimate interest according to Clause of this Privacy Policy. We will comply a case-by-case test to ensure eligibility of our legitimate interests, including necessity assessment and balancing test.
3.4
. If you do not wish your data to be processed for receiving a personalized advertising and analytical purposes you may opt out as described in Clause 4.5 or if applicable simply turning off the switcher in the Settings menu in the App or you may send your request via
legal@banubafilters.com
. We will erase your personal data and request our providers to do the same within 30 days upon your request.
3.5
. Besides statistics data collected by the Providers, the data on how you are using the App will be accessible for us. These data will not be personalized or linked to device you are using. These data are needed to enable proper operation of the App, in particular to identify and fix the problems you are facing when using the App.
3.6
. To enable operation of the App a specific identifier to the statistics and usage data may be generated by some Providers. This identifier is specific for each App (i.e. it is not the same across multiple applications, like advertising ID). This identifier permits us solely to identify that events of using the App belong to the same user, however does not let it possible to identify that user.
3.7
. Other data about your Devices that do not permit direct association with you or other individuals, such as the operating system, settings, language, wireless network, mobile network information, software and hardware attributes may be also collected by our Providers.
3.8
. Personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services, is collected by our Providers which may share it with us. Our Providers generally do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals or other mechanisms that provide you with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of such information. Nevertheless, if you want us not to use, or to stop using, such Providers in relation to You, please do not give, or withdraw, your consent as mentioned in Clause 3.3.
4. Cookies
4.1
. We also use various third party cookies to help us improve our website. Cookies are files with small amount of data, which are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Cookies are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
4.2
. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some options of our Service (more details are set out in our Terms).
5. BASES FOR PROCESSING
5.1
. The legal bases that we rely upon when processing your personal data are as follows:
5.1.1
. Processing of your data, mentioned in Clause 2.1.2 and 2.1.3., is required for the provision of Services to You.
5.1.2
. Processing of your personal data as described in Clauses 2.1.1. (collecting of IP address and device ID), 2.1.4. (serving your request and sending marketing communications), 2.2.2. (data processing for analytics and ads personalization) and 2.3. (cookies) is our legitimate interest to improve the performance of our business and provide you with information and services you request, as well as the best possible website we can, incl. ensuring our website is kept secure.
We pay special attention to your data protection rights making sure that your data protection rights are not overridden by our legitimate interests.
These legitimate interests are: (a) to ensure effective administration and management of your relationship with us; (b) to understand how you use our Services and how we can improve the customers usage experience; © understand and respond to your feedback; (d) to prevent, detect, or investigate unauthorised use of our Services; (e) ensure we comply with law and our policies; and (f) manage any disputes and accidents and take legal or other professional advice.
5.1.3
. Contractual necessity covers information that is processed by us in order to provide you with service that you have requested – and that we have agreed – to provide to you.
5.1.4
. Legal obligation covers information that is processed by us to comply with a legal obligation.
5.1.5
. We will ask for your separate permissions to use your camera and microphone, as well as for sending push notifications to you. If you change your mind re permissions granted, you will be able to revoke them at any time afterwards by changing settings on your Device. However, please note that rejecting or switching off these permissions shall negatively affect the use of FunveoApp: Funveo App will lose its full functionality.
6. PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
6.1
. We will process data collected under this Privacy Policy for the purposes of: * delivering the Services to you (including, maintaining and monitoring the proper operation of Funveo App, fixing any problems in its operation, making our website more secure, to administer it, including troubleshooting, dealing with your enquiries, complaints and requests); * ensuring and protecting the safety and security of Funveo App, protecting our Intellectual Property Rights and other rights; * conducting statistical and analytical surveys and researches, in particular for improving the Services and your user experience; * displaying advertisement, i.e. showing the most relevant ads to you across Internet network; * attribution and tracking the performance of Our advertising campaigns and applications, including their effectiveness, usage, installations and downloads.
6.2
. In case you voluntarily provide us with any additional personal data, we shall process these data solely for the purposes for which they were provided to us and for no longer they are needed to fulfil such purposes.
6.3
. We limit access to data we hold about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide Services to you or in order to fulfil their official duties. These employees are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to liability, if they fail to meet these obligations. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data are treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
6.4
. Information collected under Clause 2.2.2. will be used for automated decision making, as our Providers perform their advertising and analytics services based on automated analysis of your browsing behavior. As a consequence of automated decision making: * You will receive advertisements throughout the Internet which the system considers the most relevant to you, and * We shall set certain preferences within your usage of Funveo App (apply different prices, provide different filters, etc.).
6.5
. You can always limit collection of Your data used for targeting by managing your mobile devices:
On Your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch: * Go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising. * Turn on Limit Ad Tracking.
On Your Android: * Open your device’s Settings app > Google, or open the Google Settings app (differs depending on your device). * Under “Services”, select Ads. * Turn on “Opt out of Ads Personalization” by moving the switch to the right until it turns blue.
Note: If you clear your cache, you’ll lose your opt-out setting.
Once you’ve turned off personalization, Google will no longer use your info to personalize your ads. Ads can still be targeted with info like your general location or the content of the website you’re visiting.
7. SHARING OF DATA
7.1
. We cannot provide all Services by ourselves. We must, therefore, share collected information with third parties for the purposes as described in section 4 of this Policy. We also reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) when we are legally required to do so, to disclose your information in an anonymous and aggregated manner, meaning you could not be personally identified from it. Your information may become available for the following categories of recipients:
the companies being in the same corporate group with us;
data storage, networking and security providers;
advertising and analytics third party providers;
providers assisting us with a client support;
any other providers assisting us with delivering and improving the Services.
7.2
. We may also share your data when it is required by law and/or any regulatory authority. In such circumstances, we will expressly inform the recipient of the confidential nature of the data shared.
7.3
. Our third-party providers with whom we share your data or which directly collect such data via integration with Funveo App may be located in non-EEA countries, where data protection and privacy regulations may be different from your home country and offer even lower level of protection. You acknowledge such transfer and processing of your data out of EEA to the countries where data protection and privacy regulations may be different from your home country and offer even lower level of protection. To safeguard your interests when transferring your personal data out of EEA, we will conclude with all out-of-EEA recipients standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission or our supervisory authority.
7.4
. All third parties with which We share your data only get the minimum amount of data that are reasonably required in order for them to provide their service to us and therefore to you. The use of the shared information by such third parties is strictly limited to the purposes of processing outlined in Section 6 and is not permitted for any other purpose. All third parties with which we share your data are required to protect such data in accordance with all relevant laws and regulations and in a manner similar to the way we protect the same.
7.5
. We will not share your data with third parties which are considered as not being able to provide its clients and potential client with the required level of protection.
8. YOUR RIGHTS
8.1
. We respect the privacy rights of our users, and to the extent required by applicable law, will make reasonable commercial efforts to allow you to access, correct, object to the processing of, delete or port any of your personal data, provided that we are able to properly verify your identity and link it to any personal data in our possession. With respect to your personal data we process (if any) you have the right:
to obtain from us the information regarding our processing of your personal data;
to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you;
to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data (your ‘right to be forgotten’);
to restrict our processing of your personal data, when it is permitted under applicable law;
to object processing your personal data where we are processing your personal data: based on our legitimate interests (as set out above). If you ask us to stop processing your personal data on this bases, we will stop processing your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling grounds as to why the processing should continue in accordance with data protection laws; and for direct marking purposes. If you ask us to stop processing your personal data on this bases, we will stop.
to obtain from us your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without any obstacle on our side;
to withdraw your consent, where we are relying on consent to process your personal data;
to lodge a complaint against us with a supervisory authority for GDPR purposes.
8.2.
Information provided via
TrueDepth API
technologies is stored on the device only for the duration of creating AR effects within the App. When the effect is rendered, the data is discarded.
Please contact us via
legal@banubafilters.com
to execute any of the rights as stated above.
PROTECTING CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
9.1
. We do not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 13, and you must be 13 years of age or older in order to use Services.
9.2
. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
10. PERIOD OF PROCESSING
10.1
. Records of email, IP addresses and device ID are retained for as long as we need to deliver services to you unless we have a bases to further process your data as described in the Section 3 of this Policy.
10.2
. If you request erasure of your data or you deleted our Apps from your device or you unsubscribed from our marketing communications we erase your data from our servers and request our providers to do the same within 30 days upon your request.
10.3
. With respect to non-personal data We are not limited by any particular retention period.
11. PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
11.1
. We shall update this Privacy Policy from time to time. In the event we materially change this Privacy Policy including how We collect, process or use Your personal data, you will receive the respective notification via Funveo App.
11.2
. Any changes to this Privacy Policy with respect to processing of your personal data shall be subject to your prior consent, unless they are required under applicable law.
11.3
. Unless otherwise required by law, any changes to this Privacy Policy with respect to processing of your non-personal data and changes with respect to processing of your personal data shall become effective immediately upon their posting in the App.
11.4
. In case you continue to use Funveo App after you have received the notification about the changes we presume that you have read the new Privacy Policy and accept all the introduced changes.
11.5
. It is your responsibility to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be aware of the current changes (as we will notify you only about the material changes).
11.6
. If you do not accept Privacy Policy following an amendment, do not start or continue to use Funveo App.
12. QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS
12.1
. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to this Privacy Policy please feel free to contact us via
legal@banubafilters.com
.
12.2
. If you consider that our collection, usage, disclosure and/or storage of your personal information violate any applicable data protection laws we are bound by, please refer your complaints to legal@banubafilters.com. We will consider them within reasonable time and provide you with an answer.
Sub-policy 1
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 2
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
