Privacy Policy
Last updated: 10 October 2019
1.INTRODUCTION
Onekitty International Limited (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we may process when you use one or more of our mobile applications (the “App”, “our App”) and explains how we and some of the companies we cooperate processing that information.
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any kind relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy Policy applies to all users, and others who access the App.
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE APP, YOU AGREE TO PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA WHICH IS PROVIDED TO US IN LINE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
2.INFORMATION WE PROCESS AND PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
There are two general categories of information we will process. Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new or better experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the purposes as set out below. If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know before we start to process information on that new purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy Policy.
2.1 Information that you submit
(1) Facial features data. When you first use the face recognition function, You may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to your camera and album to obtain your facial photo in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album. We will then use the sdk provided by third parties to analyze the facial features data, recognize the position and shape of the five sense organs in the photos, and process the photos, feedback the effect drawing to you. Such effect drawing will not contain any personal identifiable information. For such data, photo and effect drawing , we will neither store nor share them with any third parties.
The purpose of processing such information is only to operate the face recognition functions of the App (including but not limited to Old booth, Fun ex-face).
(2) Support Related Information. If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may collect your contact information, your complaint or feedback and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support. Such information will only be used to provide you with support services and will not be connected with any other information collected from you on or through the App.
The purposes of the information that you submit are: (1) to operate and update the App and our services; (2) to improve and customize the App and related services; (3) to maintain, test and monitor the quality and operation of the App; (4) to notify you of App and services updates; (5) to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback; (6) to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the App and related services; (7) to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
2.2 Information that is Processed Automatically
1) When you use the App, we will use the Xcode API to collect the following information:
-  universally unique identifier(UUID), type of your mobile device, and applications and operational system version which are installed on your mobile device;
-  country, language；
2)Metadata. Metadata can describe the location information and file creation time contained in photos or other files, or the rough features of the characters in photos and other content contained in photos. When you use our Services and upload photos or other files, we will use CoreLocation API and the third-party SDK (Face++ SDK) to collect the metadata. We use photo metadata to provide you with certain features including precise "Facial Recognition", "Key-Points Recognition", "Region Segmentation", "Content Tags" and other custom features based on a combination of these basic features.
3)Payment data. We use SKPayment Transaction to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple and Google). These companies can be contacted through their websites: https://www.apple.com or https://play.google.com. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.
Processing information through automatic data processing technologies starts automatically when you start using the App.
The purposes of the information that is processed automatically are: (1) to operate and update the App and our services, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features; (2) to improve and customize the App and related services; (3) to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the App; (4) to notify you of App and services updates; (5) to enforce the terms and conditions applicable to the App and to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities and misuse thereof, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms of Service.
3.SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but for your better use of the services provided by third-party organizations we may share your information from tools like device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or providing service to the App. We do not have power to control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore, if you do not want to share your personal data with any third-party organizations, please contact us for more details or do not use such service provided by that third-party organizations.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
-as required by law;
-when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
-if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice in our App of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
4.TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE YOUR TERRITORY
We work in the international space and provide our App to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the App and/or related services. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
5.HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
6.YOUR DATA RIGHTS
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. In order to exercise this right, please contact us by email at [ picslab.photo.editor@gmail.com ]. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA. To exercise these rights please contact us by email at [  picslab.photo.editor@gmail.com   ].
7.SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about security of our App, you can contact us through the email displayed below.
8.CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 16 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”) . Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children under the Minimum Age. No one under the Minimum Age may provide any personal information to the App. If you are under the Minimum Age, do not use or provide any information on this App or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the Minimum Age without verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
9.CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy may change from time to time. Any change will be published on the interface of the App. Your continuous use of the App will be deemed as your acceptance of such update.
10.HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at [ picslab.photo.editor@gmail.com             ].
Copyright © 2018 Onekitty International Limited