Terms & Conditions
Last Updated : 11 November 2018
Disclaimer
AQI India
is a self-funded private company with no affiliation with the Government. We aim at providing an environment for people to learn more about the air that they are breathing without replacing any regulatory air quality monitors in the country. AQI India's air pollution monitoring system detects the hotspots and the sources of all the invisible air particulate as small as PM 2.5. Our sole intention is to create awareness about air pollution and provide real-time air quality data, solution and healthy life for everyone.
Privacy Policy
AQI India is a provider of air quality monitors and related services. We take data privacy seriously, especially the air quality data gathered by our air quality monitors and associated software. The air quality data we gather is owned by you. We only use the data to troubleshoot faults on your air quality monitor and improve its performance. We may also use the data to improve the quality of our products and services. The use of air quality data is covered by the terms of use relevant to that product or service.
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the terms of use relevant to the product or service you are using. By agreeing to the terms of use, installing and/or using an AQI India Product, you give consent for us to collect information from you and to hold, use and disclose that information as set out in this Privacy Policy. In case of any conflict between the terms of use and this Policy, the terms of use will apply.
In the context of this policy, 'we' refers to AQI India, and 'our' and 'us' have the respective meanings.
By 'the System' or 'Product' we mean the technology package provided by us, either directly or through a support organization.
By 'support organization' we mean an organization that supplied AQI India Products to you and that has the primary relationship with you.
By 'users' we mean users of AQI India product.
By 'anonymized' we mean that information cannot be reconstituted in such a way that it can be related to you.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The personal information we may collect from you includes:
Contact details.
Demographic information.
Information entered into our System, e.g. your name and address, company.
If you are a member of the AQI India community, information that you choose to share with us through interviews or surveys. This may include information about how you use a product or ideas for new products or features.
We use common internet technologies such as cookies and may store your IP address.
HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED
AQI India website:
If you visit an unsecured area of our website (that is, an area where you are not required to log on) to read, browse or download information, our system may record the date and time of your visit to our site, the pages viewed, any information downloaded and your region. However, our record will not identify you.
IP Address: It is necessary for us to collect your IP address for your interaction with various parts of the website. Your IP address is the identifier for your computer when you are using the internet. For instance, we collect and store your IP address when you log into the System. As part of our security, we use this information when we attempt to detect and prevent fraudulent access to our systems. We store your IP address for security, audit and reporting purposes. Your IP address will not be used by us or released to any third party except in the case of security, inappropriate behavior or fraud issues, such as unauthorized access to your, or our, computer systems.
Cookies: We use cookies as part of our interaction with your Internet browser. The purpose is to provide you with a better and more customized service and a more effective website. A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on your computer, tablet or phone when you visit a website. A web server sends you a cookie and your browser accepts it. The browser then returns the cookie to the web server next time you visit that particular website. You can choose if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring your preferences and options in your browser.
Please note that if your browser is configured to reject all cookies you will be unable to use services on our website that require cookies in order to participate. Those services may include surveys. You may still be able to use some information-only pages even if you do not accept cookies.
Analytics: We use third-party analytics to monitor and measure activity on our websites. We may record information about visitors and what they do to improve your experience of our websites. This information is anonymized.
Links to third party websites: Our website may contain links to third-party websites. AQI India takes no responsibility for the privacy practices or content of these websites.
Your contact information: You may give us contact information because you are interested in our Products. If you give us your contact information for this purpose, we may use it to respond to you with product and sales information.
How DOES AQI MOBILE APP COLLECT USER DATA?
Account login details
When the user creates an account, details such as contact, name & address, demographic and login information are saved in our databases.
Location Access
User’s location is accessed so that we can give real time Air Quality Data and show the user with content that is best suited to their current locality.
Background location access
The location is accessed in the background to provide certain additional features like notifications and widgets which are updated in the background which is an essential feature for core functionality.
Payment
We use third party payment gateways. Third parties may store payment details as per their own terms and conditions.
NOTIFICATIONS AND ALERTS
AQI India Products connected to the System may provide notifications and alerts. Messages sent by the System using Email or SMS technology (texts to mobile phones) are transmitted in an unencrypted format across the normal operator networks. While we are careful, AQI India cannot guarantee the privacy or timing of any such message.
AQI India COMMUNITY
Information provided by members of the AQI India Community as part of the product development process, including surveys and interviews, is used to develop and improve Products by providing indirect and direct feedback on the physical, digital and service user experience. Within AQI India, your information in an identifiable form will only be accessible to the people who are involved in collecting it. When information derived from the product development process is shared with other people, you will not be personally identified.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not disclose your information to anyone besides you (or someone authorized by you) unless that is what we have collected it for, or in the unlikely event that we are legally required to disclose the information. We will ensure that your information is protected as much as possible from any disclosure beyond what is necessary for the purpose.
Aggregation and anonymization: If your information is used for statistical, regulatory reporting or academic purposes, it will first be anonymized and used in aggregate form. It will not personally identify you or allow any means of you being identified.
Commercial use: We do not share personal information for any commercial or marketing purpose unrelated to the delivery of our Products and services. We do not rent or sell our customer lists.
Note: Please note that we do not share, sell or disclose any of your received information to third parties.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your responsibility: You are responsible for protecting your username and password. If you share your login details, the person you share with will have access to your personal information.
Looking after your information: We will store your information properly and protect it so as to avoid loss or unauthorized access, use, modification, or disclosure. This includes standard information security measures, such as data transport encryption, secure storage, and destruction of printed documents, and careful monitoring of access to premises. We only provide useful information to those people and support organizations who require it in order to fulfill the purpose of the data’s collection. Disclosure beyond this purpose is prevented.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You have the right to access, correct or request correction of your personal information, except where the information held is not readily available, or where excepted by law.
Subscribers: Please contact your support organization or us as soon as possible if any of your contact information changes.
Opting Out: While the benefits to you as a user are dependent upon you providing us with information, including through the use of the System, you are not obliged to provide information. You may choose to stop providing information at any time by discontinuing use of the Products, subject to the terms and conditions agreed upon with your support organization.
AQI India Community: If you have consented to take part in testing of any component of the System, you may withdraw from the testing process at any time.
CONTACTING US
For more information, or to make an inquiry or complaint about the privacy of your information held by AQI India, please
contact
the Privacy Officer at
info@purelogic.in.