GOMEZ GIFT CARD
More
×
-15%
ON YOUR FIRST SHOPPING
More
×
×
Join the  GomezClub and get 15% discount on new products with the first purchase and -5% on the discounted products from the very first shopping. Membership of the elite Gomez Club provides you with these and plenty of other benefits.
Home
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Privacy Policy
To ensure that your Personal Data remain private and safe, we developed the Privacy Policy that describes how Gomez processes your Personal Data.
The Controller of your Personal Data is:
GOMEZ Spółka Akcyjna  (GOMEZ Joint stock company)
2 Tomasza Drobnika St., in Poznań (postcode: 60-693), Poland
KRS
(the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register)
0000934369
|  VAT PL9721248769 | REGON number 302694351
Registration files are stored by Polish District Court in Poznań – Nowe Miasto i Wilda in Poznań
VIIIth Commercial Division of the National Court Register
Contact us:
e-mail:
bok@gomez.pl
telephone:
+48 61 222 91 12
mail:
Gomez S.A
Customer Service Office
9 Diamentowa St.
Suchy Las (postcode 62-002), Poland
You can also contact our
Data Protection Officer
:
name:
Krystian Erens
e-mail: dataprotection@gomez.pl
telephone: +48 61 222 91 12
mail:
Gomez S.A
Data Protection
9 Diamentowa St.
Suchy Las (postcode 62-002), Poland
You should also know that your Personal Data are also used by Gomez for direct marketing (
to profile and survey Client's satisfaction
). You should know that:
We do not sell or make your Personal Data commercially available to any third parties.
We transfer your Personal Data, if and as necessary, exclusively to our partners who assist us with the completion of your order or the provision of other services provided to you by our e-shop, i.e. online payment service providers, couriers, or businesses conducting Client satisfaction surveys.
The profiling operations do not increase the number of ads/ commercial information delivered to you;
profiling helps us adjust the contents of the ads/ commercial information to your needs. Based on data collected from devices, e.g. product pages opened by you in our shop, stored cookie files, or Personal Data provided to us, profiling helps deliver us to you ads and commercial information (provided you gave your separate consent for the receipt of such information) that is better suited to your needs;
You have the right to object against the processing by us of your Personal Data for the use in the direct marketing, including the profiling and/or Clients' satisfaction survey operations.
Our Privacy Policy is available
here
.
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
The “cookies” messages allow you to easily move around our website. You can switch off or restrict cookies in your browser, but if you choose to do so, you might find it difficult or impossible to use our website whenever cookies are applied.
To learn more about how Gomez uses cookies, go to
Cookies policy
.
Cookies policy
Other
customer querries:
Payments methods
Time and cost of delivery
Parcel tracking
Withdrawal from contract
All frequently asked questions
Complaints
Terms&Conditions
Home
Manage cookies
We use cookies to provide and secure our websites, as well as to analyze the usage of our websites, in order to offer you a great user experience including personalisation of advertising. More information can be found in ours
Privacy Policy
.
To learn more about our use of cookies see our
Privacy Policy
and
Google's privacy policy
.
Necessary
Are necessary to run the website.
Analytics
To analyse the website traffic.
Marketing
To send customised marketing information.
Functional
They enable the storage of data that supports website or app features such as language settings.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://gomez.pl/upload/regulaminy/7-PRIVACY-POLICY-gomez.pl-EN.pdf:
