Home
Privacy Policy
MedEntry’s
Privacy Policy
MedEntry respects the privacy of its customers, business contacts and suppliers.
                                We understand that the privacy of the information you provide is important to
                                you.
This policy outlines the personal information which we collect and how we handle that
                            information. This policy reflects MedEntry's commitment to your privacy in accordance to the
                            National Privacy Principles (NPPs) which are contained in the
Privacy Act 1988
.
What kind of information do we collect?
When you register with MedEntry, we will collect personal information about you,
                            such as your name, address and contact information (including email address). We
                            collect this information to provide you with our products and services and help
                            develop our relationship with you. We may also seek other information from you from
                            time to time to assist us in providing better services to you.
Online Collection
MedEntry will also collect additional information from anyone who deals with us as a
                            result of use of our websites. This additional information may or may not identify
                            you.
Information collected through the websites of MedEntry will include the information
                            which you voluntarily provide. This may include information provided as part of a
                            customer service enquiry or a registration form. Some pages may require you to
                            provide your username and login.
The additional information collected online may also include the type of your Internet
                            browser, operating system, address of the referring site, IP address and clickstream
                            information. We may also collect information about the use which is made of our website
                            using your username and password.
Advertising
With your permission, we may use any statements made by you in either written or electronic
                            format for our promotional material. Use of this information will comply with the rest of
                            our privacy policy.
What do we do with your information?
If you are a MedEntry customer or potential customer, we use the personal information we
                            collect to provide you with our products and services and with information about our
                            products and services. This includes administering your account with us, customer service
                            and providing any information which you have requested.
MedEntry will not provide any of your personal details to any other individual, mailing list
                            or business without your express permission unless there are exceptional circumstances (when
                            we are required by law to provide such information).
Information about our products and services
If you are an existing or potential customer, we may use personal information about
                            you to advise you about our products and services from time to time.
When we use personal information in this way, we will give you the option to decide whether
                            or not you wish to receive information about our products and services and related
                            information. If you do not wish to receive product information, you will need to email us
                            informing us of this and we will comply with your wishes promptly.
Statistical Information
We may use information, including that collected through our website, for statistical
                            purposes. If we do so, de-identified information will be used.
Your rights
Under the Privacy Act, you have a right to seek access to information which we hold
                            about you (with some exceptions). You also have the right to ask us to correct
                            information about you, which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.
To exercise your rights to access information we hold about you, please contact
                            MedEntry in writing with all appropriate details about you included, as well as the
                            information you require.
Storage of your information
MedEntry takes all reasonable steps to ensure the security of personal
                                information held by it from such risks as loss or unauthorised access,
                                destruction, use, modification or disclosure.