Privacy Policy
When you use
Shadow Photo Video Editor Zone
Mobile applications on IOS, This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by
Shadow Photo Video Editor Zone
through our mobile applications and how we use that information. Our Product Category is Video, Photography, Lifestyle, Entertainment, Tools, Utility & Productivity, and Personalization. These all apps are class Apps we created is only for User Entertainment purpose. Our Company developers continuously work on All Photography & Video Apps and We Give Periodic Updates to Solve Problems And Bugs as well as to provide new features all for smooth User Experience.
What kind of Information That We Collect
Device information - Device-specific information such as your hardware model and operating system version. We DO NOT collect any of your unique identification.
Generally, We may collect personal information from our users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience. The categories of information we collect can include if necessary : Social network's personal information and device's gallery pictures, camera for take photos, Contact information,microphone, gps location if necessary and use the data for the above mentioned purposes. Our Product Category is “Photography, Video, Entertainment, Tools, Utility, Personalization” and etc. These all class Apps we created is only for User Entertainment purpose.
When you use
Shadow Photo Video Editor Zone
Mobile applications on IOS, we do not retrieve or store any personal information about you. We do check if certain application is installed on your phone before we display an advertisement for the application (To avoid displaying advertisement for an app that is already on your phone)
Mobile Device Information
When you access the Services via a mobile device, we will not collect any information related to the mobile device such as the serial number or MAC address and the open UDID of the device. We may only improve and personalize our Services for you.
Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected PII of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of such changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you a notification and we’ll indicate when such changes will become effective.
Information May be Disclosed
We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
We may disclose your non-personal information for promotion purpose to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws.
Third- Party Sites
The Applications ,Services and the Site access third party information (such as your social account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, as a service to our Users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us.
Advertisement in Application
We use Google Admob and Startapp for advertisements in our applications. There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.
Security
Shadow Photo Video Editor Zone
is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not to disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
EU User Consent Policy
We include certain disclosures to users in the European Economic Area (EEA) & obtain their consent to use cookies or other local storage, where legally required, and to use personal data to serve ads. This policy reflects the requirements of the EU ePrivacy Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation.
Developer Contact
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing email us at the address below:
Shadow Photo Video Editor Zone
Email: - shadow.933.videoeditor@gmail.com
Shadow Photo Video Editor Zone : All Right Reserved