[vc_row css=”.vc_custom_1544245719351{margin-top: 30px !important;margin-bottom: 0px !important;}”][vc_column width=”2/3″][vc_column_text]
Patient Terms Of Service
Effective Date: March 1st, 2016
CONSULTATIVE SERVICE
The service provided through the yourdoctors.online “Second Opinion Program” is different from the standard consultation typically sought locally through a medical service provider. The specialists registered with  yourdoctors.online providing second opinion will not be obtaining direct medical history or conducting a physical examination. In addition, yourdoctors.online specialists will be relying on the results of tests that cannot be verified independently to form an opinion. In view of these limitations, the second opinion provided through yourdoctors.online should be taken as the best judgment of the specialist based upon information available.
BY CREATING A CASE IN THIS SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THESE LIMITATIONS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS.
Scope of Service
The yourdoctors.online registered specialist will provide a comprehensive second opinion report and answers to your submitted questions, after reviewing your information and all available test results. After receiving the completed report, you will have 7 days to request any clarification from the specialist on any aspects of the report.
Refund Policy
As stated above, the patient or their caregiver will have 7 days after the submission of completed report by the specialist to request any clarification or raise dispute after which we would deem the case closed. During this time, using the message section on the yourdoctors.online platform, the patient will be able to ask for “clarification” questions. In case of dispute, the yourdoctors.online team will review the case and focus on the questions that were asked by the patient. The question must follow the above consultative and scope of work guideline.
As stated above, the patient or their caregiver will have 7 days after the submission of completed report by the specialist to request any clarification or raise dispute after which we would deem the case closed. During this time, using the message section on the yourdoctors.online platform, the patient will be able to ask for “clarification” questions. In case of dispute, the yourdoctors.online team will review the case and focus on the questions that were asked by the patient. The question must follow the above consultative and scope of work guideline.
In case the doctor is not comfortable to provide second opinion / consultation based on reports submitted, then we will either propose / present the case to next available specialist or refund the payment during the next billing cycle (end of each month).
Liability Limitations
The yourdoctors.online hereinafter referred to as the “Company”. The user of service (patient, or representative) hereinafter referred to as “User”.
The “user” of this service agrees to release the “company” (and all its consulting physicians, technicians, partners, employees, contractors) from any liability (material and/or punitive); arising from any dispute. The “user” agrees to release the company of any and all liability pertaining to the services rendered (medical and otherwise), any breach of information, or any technological issues (software/hardware) experienced during use of service. The “User” agrees to release the “company” from all liability pertaining to the medical assessment, diagnosis, treatment options, and any/all consequential conditions arising therein. The “Company” is not liable for any detriment to the patient’s condition. This waiver of liability includes – but not limited to – issues of medical, physical, mental, emotional, financial liability.
The service provided is not a substitute for regular medical care and the “company” cannot be liable for any mal-practice, negligence, quality-of-life or otherwise medical litigation. The “user” understands and accepts the terms as stated above.
By requesting a second opinion through yourdoctors.online , you
acknowledge and agree
that:
Online services are not being sought for a medical emergency or a condition requiring urgent medical attention;
The consultation provided is not intended to represent or replace a standard medical assessment sought for diagnosis, management and follow up of a new or known medical condition;
Engaging yourdoctors.online registered specialist does not constitute establishing a binding patient-doctor relationship with duty to provide care;
You have read and understood the
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
of yourdoctors.online.
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][vc_column width=”1/3″][vc_widget_sidebar sidebar_id=”sidebar”][/vc_column][/vc_row]
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://yourdoctors.online/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Effective: March 15, 2023
Please note that by accepting our Terms of Service and using this website (the “Site”) or the services provided by YOUR DOCTORS ONLINE (“Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”), you (a “user” or “member”) are consenting to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information (defined below) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site or Company’s services.
Your consent will be effective from the date you confirm acceptance (ie., the date when you register as a client or caregiver) of our Terms of Service and use this Site until the date you withdraw your consent (you can provide “request for withdrawal” by sending an email request to support@yourdoctors.online; ). If you provide consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy, the Company will be able to provide you with access to a personalized experience to obtain a medical opinion or consultation services from our network of medical professionals. You may withdraw your consent at any time. However, if you choose to withdraw your consent, we will not be able to provide you with the functions or services through our Site.
Purpose
We recognize that when you provide us with information about yourself and that you trust us to act in a responsible manner with that information.
Personal Information is any information that identifies you or by which your identity can be deduced. This Privacy Policy discloses the Company’s Personal Information gathering and dissemination practices with respect to the Site and our services. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Information collected and how it is used
The following describes the types of Personal Information and other information the Company may collect about you, and how the Company may use and maintain that information, including, but not limited to:
Registration. Before you can utilize certain services that we offer on the Site or otherwise, we may ask that you register with the Site and provide us with your email address, a password, your first and last name and other contact information and personal details. We request this information for identification purposes, to communicate with you regarding your account, and to facilitate the functioning of certain services. To make your registration process easier, we offer Social Logins with Google and Apple, where in which your first name and last name is retrieved and these services are leveraged to authenticate you in Company’s services. We may maintain certain Personal Information about you as long as reasonably necessary for us to complete our dealings with you, or as may be required by law.
Forms. To fully utilize our services, you may be required to fill out forms containing Personal Information such as your name, address, telephone number, account information, health status and other information relevant to your health, diagnosis and treatment.
Medical Information. In order for medical professionals to give medical opinions regarding your health, you may be required to provide us with past and current medical records, description of symptoms, a pictorial representation of the issue, a medical history and life-style descriptions. Once your case is submitted and closed, we endeavour to de-link /render anonymous your Personal Information like name, phone, email etc., from your medical records on a monthly basis.
Correspondence. If you correspond with us via email, we may gather in a file specific to you the information that you submit in order to communicate with you effectively and respond to any of your inquiries. We maintain certain Personal Information about you as long as reasonably necessary for us to complete our dealings with you, or as may be required by law.
URL and IP addresses. Company collects information about users’ utilization and navigation of our Site. This information helps us to design our Site to better suit our users’ needs. For example, our Site will track the URL that you visited before you came to our Site, the URL to which you next go and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site. Your IP address also is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Information Collected With Cookies. Company uses cookies on certain pages of our Site. Cookies are small text files sent from a website to the hard drive of a user’s computer to store bits of information related to that user, making using the Internet easier by, among other things, saving your preferences for you. For example, a cookie lets the Site remember that you have registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our Site, and which allows you to enter your registration information less frequently while visiting our Site. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. Our cookies may enable us to relate your use of our Site to Personal Information that you previously submitted, such as calling you by name when you return to our Site. If your browser is set to reject cookies, or if your browser notifies you that you are about to receive a cookie and you reject it, then your use of the Site may not be as efficient or as enjoyable as it would be if the cookie were enabled. The information that we collect with cookies allows us to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyse Site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our Site’s content, layout and services. However, we only use information collected with cookies on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that identifies you. We also have the right to use various tracking software to analyse data to improve our service. Any specific name is always anonymized automatically.
Information disclosure and usage
Company will not share, rent, sell or otherwise disclose any of the Personal Information that we collect about you, except when we have your permission or in any of the following situations:
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect about you to our third-party contractors who perform services for Company in order to provide certain services or to complete or confirm a transaction that you conduct with us. We require these third-party contractors to use reasonable safeguards to protect your Personal Information in their custody or control. Occasionally we use service providers located outside of your jurisdiction to help in providing medical opinions. In order to provide you a ideal virtual experience, some of your personal information (i.e. IP address) may be processed and stored outside of your jurisdiction which you consent to when using the Company’s services. Our Privacy Officer/Customer Service Representative, whose contact information is below, can provide further information about our policies and practices regarding service providers and how they collect, use, disclose or store Personal Information on our behalf.
We may disclose information about you as part of a merger, acquisition or other sale or transfer of the Company’s assets or business. The Company does not guarantee that any entity receiving such information in connection with one of these transactions will comply with all terms of this policy. We may disclose your Personal Information for purposes such as to provide services available on the Site; to coordinate with insurance, reinsurance and excess or stop loss insurers; to enforce our members’ rights; to protect against actual or potential fraud; to resolve member inquiries or disputes; to receive payments; to carry out our business; to protect the confidentiality or security of our records; to administer preventive health and case management programs; to perform underwriting, auditing and rate making functions; to enable our service providers to perform marketing services on our behalf and inform members about our own products or services; to comply with state laws and other applicable legal requirements. Moreover, we may be legally obligated to disclose Personal Information about you to the government or to third parties under certain circumstances, such as in connection with welfare checks for suicide risk management, illegal activity on our Site or to respond to a subpoena, court order or other legal process. The Company reserves the right to release information that we collect to law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole and absolute discretion, deem necessary or appropriate.
Security measures employed by the Site
Our Site requires users to give us unique identifiers in order to log into many areas of the Site. We utilize these unique identifiers to verify the user’s identity and eligibility, in order to protect our members from the release of sensitive or Personal Information to unauthorized users. To help protect the privacy of data you transmit through this Site, where Personal Information is requested, we also use technology designed to encrypt the information that you input before it is sent to us using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology or similar encryption technology. In addition, Company takes other reasonable physical, technical and organizational steps to protect the user data we collect against unauthorized access. However, you should keep in mind that this Site and our services are run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond our control.
Please also be aware that despite our best intentions and the guidelines outlined in this Privacy Policy, no data transmission over the Internet or encryption method can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Accessing, updating, or making corrections to information
You may access, correct or update Personal Information collected about you by managing your account profile or by contacting us at the email or mailing address noted below. We will use reasonable efforts to update our records. For our records, we may retain original and updated information for reasons such as technical constraints, dispute resolution, troubleshooting and agreement enforcement.
Your rights to access your Personal Information are not absolute, and the Company may deny access when: denial of access is required or authorized by law, when granting you access would have an unreasonable impact on other member’s privacy (unless we can sever the requested information from the Personal Information of others), and to protect our confidential commercial information. If we deny your request for access to, or refuse a request to correct information, we will explain why.
SMS Messaging and Mobile Communications
We may send you SMS messages to provide you with updates, alerts, and other communications related to our services. Your mobile number will
not
be shared with any third parties for marketing purposes.
You can opt out of receiving SMS messages at any time by texting STOP to the designated number provided in the SMS. If you need assistance or have any questions regarding our SMS messaging, please text HELP for help. Additional support is also available through our customer service channels as outlined in our contact information.
However to meet regulatory compliance, our healthcare providers may communicate with you over SMS pertaining to your health.
Linked sites and third-party sites
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of Personal Information we collect from you. You should be aware that when you are on the Site, you may be directed to other websites that are beyond our control, and the Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties or the content of linked websites. We encourage you to read the respective privacy policy whenever interacting with any website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Your continued use of the Site and our services following an update or change means that you provide your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as set out in the Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please visit this page periodically so that you will be apprised of any changes.
Age restriction
We do not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information from persons who have not reached the age of majority in the Province or Territory of their resident (“Minors”), and no part of our Site is directed to Minors. IF YOU ARE A MINOR, PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS OUR SITE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER. If the Company learns that Personal Information of Minors has been collected without verifiable parental consent, then the Company will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child who is a Minor has obtained a Company account, then you may alert the Company at the address below and request that we delete that child’s Personal Information from our systems.
Contacting us or email concerning privacy policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or need to reach us for any other reason, you may contact us by e-mail at support@yourdoctors.online, or by mail at:
Address:
113-1055 Canadian Place, Toronto, Ontario L4W 0C2
Phone:
1 647-695-3700
Information email on questions besides privacy policy reach out to:
Raihan Masroor | Privacy Officer
support@yourdoctors.online
Additional Information About This Privacy Policy:
The policies indicated in this Privacy Policy will remain effective, even if the member’s coverage is terminated, to the extent we retain information about a member. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and will inform you of any changes as required by law or regulation.