Forums
Learn
Start Here
Latest Articles
What's new in Swift?
100 Days of SwiftUI
100 Days of Swift
Swift Knowledge Base
SwiftUI by Example
Swift in Sixty Seconds
Hacking with Swift
YouTube videos
Swift Playgrounds
Get the iOS App
Careers
Start Here
Interview Questions
Interactive Review
Test your Swift
Find a Job
Store
Subscribe to Hacking with Swift+
Browse Swift Courses
Book bundles
Frequently Asked Questions
Lifetime Update Policy
Frequent Flyer Club
Reader Reviews
Refund Policy
About
About Hacking with Swift
Swift Community Awards
Hacking with Swift Live
Conference Talks
Affiliate Program
Newsletter
Sponsor the site
SUBSCRIBE
GO FURTHER, FASTER:
Try the Swift Career Accelerator today!
>>
Privacy Policy
About your data
We take privacy as seriously as you do – you're here to learn Swift, not get tracked and spied on. So, we've taken steps to track as little as possible about you, and what little we
do
track is anonymised as much as possible.
You can find our full privacy policy and terms of service below, but if you have any questions
please get in touch
.
For performance reasons, your requests to the site are routed through a content delivery network (CDN) so your request gets served at a location geographically near to you. Our CDN is Cloudflare, and they may include cookies with our pages to provide a better service. Cloudflare has their own
privacy policy
, and it applies in addition to our own.
We do not track you on this site or any others, and we do not pass your data to any third party. Our web server does not store your IP address or any other personally identifiable information that is not provided by you. However, as noted above we do use a CDN for serving requests efficiently.
We don't use any external contractors to build or maintain this website, but in the event we ever do they will not have access to your private data.
Existing customers and those who have subscribed for updates will receive emails containing product updates, discount links on books, news, and more. You can unsubscribe from these at any time using the link at the end of any email.
We serve you with a cookie that tracks your session on the site. This is used only for users who have logged into the site, so we can track who is posting forum messages and allow you to edit or delete your posts later on. If you visit our
Swift coding tests
you will be served an extra cookie that tracks the answer you write for each question so that we can show the test result at the end.
If you log in to the site you will be authenticated using GitHub. GitHub has their own privacy policy and we
encourage you to read it
. You may delete your account here, or delete your account on GitHub, whenever you want.
You maintain full ownership of your data, and at any point you're welcome to ask us to send it to you or delete it.
You can contact us here
.
If you choose to voluntarily disclose information here, such as by submitting a forum post or by replying to someone else, that information can be viewed publicly, other people can copy it, or it could also be collected and used by third parties without our or your knowledge. So, we strongly recommend you avoid posting personal data that might allow other people to contact or locate you or other users.
If you create a Hacking with Swift account, GitHub sends us your account details. We attach your GitHub account ID to your Hacking with Swift account so we can authenticate you in the future. When creating your account we use GitHub's information to create your username and email address, but you can edit this as you please. You are welcome to use your real name, or use a pseudonym – use whatever you're comfortable with. We recommend you enable two-factor authentication on GitHub to maximize your account security.
We sometimes embed content from Twitter and videos from YouTube or Vimeo, which may also collect information from you. You can read more about their privacy policies here:
Twitter
,
YouTube
, and
Vimeo
.
If you buy books your order will be taken by Gumroad. They will ask for your payment details in order to complete the transaction, and will store your billing information so you can download your products at a later time. Your credit card will be used by Gumroad to conduct the transaction, and will not be passed on to us. You might also want to read our
30-day No Questions Asked refund policy
.
We have asked Gumroad to avoid tracking you beyond storing that a purchase was made, however they have their own privacy policy that will apply when you visit their site. You can read their
privacy policy here
.
If you break our
code of conduct
we reserve the right to suspend your account. You will be notified and we'll provide clear reasoning, and we hope to work with you to resolve the problem so your account can be reactivated.
In the unlikely event we're ever contacted by a government agency with a legal request for your data, we may be required to hand over information such as your forum posting history. Unless we are prohibited by law or by court order from doing so, we will notify you of the request and provide you with a copy of the subpoena, court order, or warrant so that you can challenge the legal process if you wish. We will never comply with any voluntary surveillance program.
Our privacy policy was last updated November 5th 2024.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time, but in the case that happens you will be notified at least seven days in advance. If you have questions, suggestions, or other feedback please get in touch:
paul@hackingwithswift.com
.
You are not logged in
Log in or create account
Link copied to your pasteboard.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/:
Solutions
By topic
By need
By industry
Public interest
Global services
Connectivity cloud
Contact sales
Products
Our products
For your employees
For apps and infrastructure
For developers
Register domain name
Get 1.1.1.1
Need help choosing?
Latest product news
Contact sales
Pricing
Our plans & pricing
Enterprise plan
Compare all plans
Need help choosing?
View FAQs
Contact sales
Resources
Library
Documentation
Getting Started
Application Security
Application Services
Zero Trust Services
Developer Platform
Network Services
Insights
API
AI
Learning
Trust & compliance
Trends & insights
Blog
Cloudflare TV
Community forum
Get help
Contact sales
Partners
Partner network
Peering portal
Partner Network
Why Cloudflare
Why choose Cloudflare
Learn about Cloudflare
Comparisons
Why trust Cloudflare
Contact sales
Sign up
Sign up
Under attack?
Under attack?
Log in
Log in
Support
Community Support
Help Center
Contact Cloudflare
Lost account access?
Log in
Log in
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policy application
Information we collect
How we use information we collect
Data aggregation
Information sharing
Notice to UK and EU residents
International information transfers
Data subject rights and choices
Communication preferences
Data security, data integrity and access
Data retention
Notification of changes
Business transactions
English language controls
Dispute resolution
Notice to California residents
Contact information
Legal questions
Have Questions?
If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us:
+1 (650) 319-8930
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St,
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 28, 2024.
We have updated our July 18, 2024 Privacy Policy to update the contact email of our Data Protection Officer.
This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information.
CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent.
1. POLICY APPLICATION
This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects:
Attendees
: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Website Visitors
: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to
www.cloudflare.com
as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar.
Customers
: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing.
Administrative Users
: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.
Public DNS Resolver Users
: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
End Users
: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.
Registrants:
Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an
ICANN
-accredited registrar and complies with the
2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement
(“RAA”).
This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the
1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy
for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services.
This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact.
Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.
When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.).
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects)
Attendees
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Image and voice
: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study.
Website Visitors
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Log files
: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Your Privacy Choices” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click
here
). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Material contributed in Interactive Areas
: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below.
Customers and Administrative Users
Customer Account Information
: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).
Payment information
: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
Crash Reports
: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.
Public DNS Resolver Users
Limited DNS query data
: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described
here
.
End Users
Cloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks.
The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.
Registrants
Contact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer).
Network Data.
Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;
Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes:
Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;
To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and
Public DNS Resolver Users
. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Information from Third Party Services
. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.
4. DATA AGGREGATION
Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances:
Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);
With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;
With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests
here
);
Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or
As you may otherwise consent from time to time.
Additional Information on Sharing
Public DNS Resolver Users.
Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
Registrants.
If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement
here
.
Marketing & Advertising Partners.
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.  You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the cloudflare.com homepage.
In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes.
California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below
6. NOTICE TO EU, UK, AND SWISS RESIDENTS
“Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. We describe the safeguards we implement
here
. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.
Self-certification to the Data Privacy Framework
Cloudflare complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cloudflare has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Cloudflare has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In compliance with the DPFs, Cloudflare commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPFs to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe, LLC are provided at no cost to you. You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms set out in this DPF Notice or our Privacy Notice.  For more information, please see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, available
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Cloudflare shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Cloudflare  recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com.
Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law.
For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the Swiss-U.S. or EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S. states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.
9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com.
10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
11. DATA RETENTION
We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention:
The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;
The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;
Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means
Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations.
When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes.
13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS
Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA
We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees);
Payment and customer records information of our Customers;
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any  content transmitted across or stored on our network;
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories);
Professional or employment information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences).
The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge
. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction
. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing
. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “
Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below
.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre
595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314
Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare, Ltd.
County Hall/The Riverside Building
Belvedere Road
London, SE1 7PB
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 29
1200-369 Lisboa
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Germany GmbH
Rosental 7
80331 München
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare France SAS
6 place de la Madeleine
75008 Paris
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.
Keizersgracht 62,
1015CS Amsterdam
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.
182 Cecil Street, #35-01
Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.
333 George St., 5th Floor
Sydney, NSW 2000
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
16 South Guangshun Street
Donghuang Building 17th Floor
Chaoyang District Beijing 100015
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Japan K.K.
Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F
1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, 100-0005
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC
DIC 1 Internet City Road
Building 1, Ground Floor, Office 17
Jumeirah
Dubai UAE
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare India Private Limited
No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond Town
Banglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025
Attention: Grievance Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Area 1 Security, LLC
838 Walker Road Suite 21-2,
Dover, DE, 19904
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Korea LLC
8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507
Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.
Bosque de Ciruelos No. 180 int. PP 101, Col. Bosque de las Lomas, Miguel Hidalgo
Ciudad de México, 11700, México
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Level 21, Suite 21.01, The Gardens South Tower,
Mid Valley City,
Lingkaran Syed Putra,
Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
59200
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Domain name search
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars
White Papers
Developer docs
Architecture Center
theNET
Blog
Find an expert
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Trust-hub
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Impact/ESG
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner
Sub-policy 1
https://gumroad.com/privacy:
Home
About
Features
Pricing
Taxes
Log in
Start selling
Home
About
Features
Pricing
Taxes
Log in
Start selling
1. Scope
This Privacy Policy describes how we handle your personal information for our Service on the Gumroad websites, tools, and mobile applications. It applies generally to information collected on the Gumroad.com website, mobile application and content (collectively, the "Site" or "Sites") or though the use of our Service. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth herein or in the User Agreement posted on the Site.
If you established a Gumroad account before the "last revised" date above, this Privacy Policy is effective as of August 15th, 2018. For all other individuals, the Privacy Notice is effective immediately.
2. Types of Data We Collect
We may collect and store the following Personal Data:
Information You Provide to Us.
Contact information, such as name, user ID, e-mail address, and phone number
Information necessary for us to remit payments to sellers, such as financial account transactional information based on your activities on the Site as a seller (such as item and content you generate or that relates to your account); community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, correspondence through our Site, and correspondence sent to us
Marketing information, such your preferences for receiving marketing communications and details about how you engage with marketing communications
Other personal information you choose to submit to us
Information We Collect About Buyers From or on Behalf of Our Sellers.
We may collect information about buyers from or on behalf of our sellers. The sellers determine the scope of the information we collect on their behalf, that they transfer to us, or that we otherwise collect, and the information we receive may vary by seller.
Transactional information based on your activities on the Site as a buyer (such as item and content you purchase)
Payment information, such as credit card number
Your contact information (such as your name, user ID, email-address, and shipping, billing and other information you provide to purchase an item or receive delivery of an item)
Other personal information that our sellers may provide about you
Information Automatically Collected.
Your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device identifier (such as the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising), browser type, screen resolution, IP address, the website you visited before browsing to our Site, general location information such as city, state or geographic area; and information about your use of and actions on our Sites, such as pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, navigation paths between pages, information about your activity on a page, access times, and length of access. Our service providers and business partners may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites. This information is collected using cookies and similar technologies. Please refer to the Cookies and Similar Technologies section for more details.
Social Media Networks and other Third Party Platforms.
We may offer single sign-on services that allow you to use third party login credentials to sign into Service. With your permission, Gumroad may also collect profile information contained in your third-party profile. Gumroad may also, for your use, enable you to import information about who you are connected to, as well as enable you to share information with those third-party sites. If you wish to discontinue such sharing, please refer to the settings on the third-party service or your preference page on Gumroad.
We may also maintain pages for our company and our products on a variety of third-party platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+, YouTube, Instagram, and other social networking services. When you interact with our pages on those third-party platforms, the third-party's privacy policy will govern your interactions on the relevant platform. If the third party platform provides us with information about our pages on those platforms or your interactions with them, we will treat that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Sensitive Personal Information.
If you send or disclose any sensitive personal information to us when you use the Services, you must consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal information, you must not submit such sensitive personal information through our Sites.
3. Cookies and Similar Technologies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or mobile device by a website. Our Sites may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.
We use two broad categories of cookies: (1) first party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device, which we use to recognize your computer or mobile device when it revisits our Sites; and (2) third party cookies, which are served by service providers or business partners on our Sites, and can be used by such service providers or business partners to recognise your computer or mobile device when it visits other websites.
Cookies we use
Our Site uses the following types of cookies for the purposes set out below:
Essential Cookies
- These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through our Site and to enable you to use some of its features. Without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.
Functionality Cookies
- These cookies allow our Sites to remember choices you make when you use our Sites. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-select your preferences every time you visit our Site.
Analytics and Performance Cookies
- These cookies collect information about traffic to our Sites and about how individuals use our Sites. The information gathered may include the types of information described above in the section titled "Information automatically collected." We use this information to help operate our Site more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information, monitor the level of activity on our Site, and improve the Site. We use Google Analytics, Optimizely, and New Relic for this purpose. These parties use their own cookies. You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies here:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies
, and about how Google protects your data here:
www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
. You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our Site by downloading and installing the browser plugin available here:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
. You can find out more about New Relic's services here:
https://newrelic.com/
, and its privacy practices here:
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy
.
Social Media Cookies
- These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or "like" (or similar) button on our Site or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking website such as Facebook or Twitter. The social network will record that you have done this. Social networks use their own cookies.
Targeted and advertising cookies
- These cookies track your browsing habits to enable us and third-party advertising networks to deliver ads that may be of interest to you. These cookies use information about your browsing history to group you with other users who have similar interests or browsing behavior. Based on the cookies that the third-party advertising network sets on our Site and other sites, advertisers can display advertisements that may be relevant to your interests on our Site and while you are on third party websites. You can choose to disable cookies, as described below, or to opt out of the use of your browsing behaviour for purposes of targeted advertising. For opt out instructions, please review the "Targeted online advertising" portion of the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Policy.
Disabling cookies
You can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the "settings," "help" "tools" or "edit" menus). Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.
For further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
If you do not accept our cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our Site. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer or mobile device and you may need to log in every time you visit our Site.
Other technologies
In addition to cookies, our Sites may use other technologies, such as Flash technology, pixel tags, and software development kits (or SDKs) to collect information automatically.
Flash technology
We may use Flash cookies (which are also known as Flash Local Shared Object ("LSOs")) on our Site to collect and store information about your use of our Site. Unlike other cookies, Flash cookies cannot be removed or rejected via your browser settings. If you do not want Flash cookies stored on your computer or mobile device, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel at this website. You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel at this website and following the instructions. Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with our Site.
Pixel tags
We may also use pixel tags (which are also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) on our Site and in our HTML formatted emails to track the actions of users on our Site and interactions with our emails. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages or within HTML formatted emails. Pixel tags are used to demonstrate that a webpage was accessed or that certain content was viewed, typically to measure the success of our marketing campaigns or engagement with our emails and to compile statistics about usage of the Site, so that we can manage our content more effectively.
Software Development Kits
Our mobile applications may use software development kits ("SDKs") provided by third parties. SDKs enable us to provide features and functionality developed by third-party developers, including to provide us with analytics, social media integration, and advertising. The SDKs we use may enable third parties to collect information about the users of our mobile applications. The types of SDKs we use include:
Analytics SDKs
- These SDKs are used to collect information about use of our mobile applications. The information gathered may include the types of information described above in the section titled "Information automatically collected." We use this information to help operate our mobile applications more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information, monitor the level of activity on and within the application, diagnose errors, and improve the mobile application.
Social Media SDKs
- These SDKs help you to interact with social networks you are signed into while using our mobile application, such as by sharing content with the social network and other features you use with the social network. Social networks may also work with our apps for analytics or advertising purposes, as discussed above.
Advertising SDKs
- These SDKs allow our advertising partners to collect information about your devices, and how you use our mobile application and other sites and applications over time; and to use this information to show you ads of potential interest and measure how the ads perform. These third parties' collection, use, and sharing of your personal information is subject to their own privacy policies. You may be able to control or limit use of certain information collected through advertising SDKs for purposes of targeted advertising. For additional information, please review the "Targeted online advertising" portion of the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Policy.
We maintain a list of SDKs used in our App here:
http://help.gumroad.com/326594-what-sdks-are-used-in-your-mobile-applications
.
4. Use of Your Personal Data
To provide our Sites and Services.
facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our network;
identify you as a User in the system;
send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account was created;
respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests;
provide the Service and customer support you request;
resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
prevent, detect, and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;
customize, measure and improve our Service and content;
tell you about our Service, service updates, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences;
compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties;
and other uses as described when we collect the information.
To communicate with you
If you request information from us (such as signing up for our newsletter), register on the Sites, or participate in our contests or promotions, we may send you Gumroad-related marketing communications as permitted by law. You will have the ability to opt out of such communications.
Use of Personal Data About Buyers on Behalf of Our Sellers.
We use personal information we collect about buyers from or on behalf of our sellers to provide services only as directed or authorized by the seller. We do not use this information for our own purposes. Typically, our clients direct or authorize us to use personal information collected on their behalf to enable ecommerce and payments functionality on our clients' websites, to manage the delivery of electronic goods, and to deliver communications from the sellers to their buyers.
To comply with law.
We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety
We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to (a) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Sites; (b) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
With your consent.
We will request your consent to use your personal information where required by law, such as where we would like to send you certain marketing messages. If we request your consent to use your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent any time in the manner indicated when we requested the consent or by contacting us. If you have consented to receive marketing communications from our third party partners, you may withdraw your consent by contacting those partners directly.
To create anonymous data.
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Service and improve site navigation. We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.
5. Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
We may also share your Personal Data with:
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations (such as fraud investigations, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs).
Our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Our sellers, when you make a purchase with them using our Services.
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service).
A third party payments processor to process payments made to us. Currently, we use Stripe to process our payments. Stripe may use personal information it collects when processing our payments as directed by us and for certain additional purposes. The information that Stripe obtains in connection with processing our payments is subject to Stripe's Privacy Policy.
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third-parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other Gumroad User to legal liability. In such events, we will disclose information relevant to the investigation, such as name, city, state, ZIP code, telephone number, e-mail address, User ID history, IP address, fraud complaints, bidding and listing history, and anything else we may deem relevant to the investigation.
Other business entities with which we perform a business transaction (or potential business transaction), such as a merger, consolidation, or acquisition, in which case we will make reasonable efforts to require that the recipient follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Data. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, your Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset.
6. Account Protection
Your password is the key to your account. Use unique numbers, letters and special characters, and do not disclose your Gumroad password to anyone. If you do share your password or your Personal Data with others, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your Personal Data and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify Gumroad and change your password.
7. Your Choices
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Data
You may change any of your Personal Data in your account by editing your profile within your account or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your Personal Data from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law. We do retain Personal Data from closed accounts to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our User Agreement, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
Marketing communications
You may opt out of marketing-related emails by clicking on a link at the bottom of our marketing emails, or by contacting us at
support@gumroad.com
. You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Targeted online advertising
Some of the business partners that collect information about users' activities on our Sites may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile application usage for purposes of targeted advertising.
Users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the
Network Advertising Initiative
, or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
. European users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
, selecting the user's country, and then clicking "Choices" (or similarly-titled link). Mobile app users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the
AppChoices mobile app
, and selecting the user's choices. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above.
If you choose to opt-out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you. Even if you do choose to opt out, not all companies that serve online behavioural advertising are included in this list, and so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed.
In addition, your mobile device settings may provide to limit our, or our partners', ability to engage in ad tracking or targeted advertising using the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising associated with your mobile device.
Do Not Track Signals
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not currently respond to do not track signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Choosing not to share your personal information
Where we are required by law to collect your personal information, or where we need your personal information in order to provide our services to you, if you do not provide this information when requested (or you later ask to delete it), we may not be able to provide you with our services. We will tell you what information you must provide to receive the services by designating it as required in or on the Sites or through other appropriate means.
8. Security
Your information is stored on our servers located in the United States. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, as you probably know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other Users may abuse or misuse your Personal Data that they collect from the Site. Therefore, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Data or private communications will always remain private.
9. International Transfers
Gumroad is headquartered in the United States and has service providers in other countries, and your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
European Union users should read the important information provided here about transfer of personal information outside of the European Economic Area:
https://www.dataprivacymonitor.com/cybersecurity/cross-border-data-transfers-cutting-through-the-complexity/
.
10. Third Parties
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, whether they are bidders, buyers or sellers on our Site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Gumroad does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your Personal Data to others.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Sites and in the app stores where our mobile applications are available for download. We may (and, where required by law, will) also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via e-mail (if you have an account where we have your contact information) or another manner through the Sites.
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting of the new terms and/or upon implementation of the new changes on the Sites (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the Sites after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
12. Google User Data
We take the privacy and security of Google user data seriously and adhere to Google's API Services User Data Policy. This section outlines how we handle data obtained through Google APIs:
Limited Use
- We only use Google user data to provide and improve the core functionality of our application. We do not use this data for any other purposes.
Data Access
- Google user data is accessed solely to deliver the features prominently displayed in our app's user interface. We do not access or use this data for any hidden or undisclosed purposes.
Data Sharing
- We do not transfer or sell Google user data to third parties, including advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellers. The only exceptions to this are:
a) When necessary to provide or improve our app's core features, and only with explicit user consent
b) For security purposes (e.g., investigating potential abuse)
c) To comply with applicable laws
d) In the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, after obtaining explicit prior consent from users
Data Processing
- Our employees, agents, and contractors are prohibited from reading Google user data, except in the following limited circumstances:
a) When we have obtained the user's affirmative agreement to view specific data
b) When necessary for security purposes
c) When required to comply with applicable laws
Prohibited Uses
- We do not use Google user data for:
a) Serving advertisements, including retargeting, personalized, or interest-based advertising
b) Determining creditworthiness or for lending purposes
c) Any purposes not explicitly disclosed in this privacy policy
Data Retention
- We retain Google user data only for as long as necessary to provide our services. Users can request deletion of their Google data from our systems at any time.
Security
- We employ industry-standard security measures to protect Google user data from unauthorized access, alteration, or destruction.
User Control
- Users can revoke our access to their Google data at any time through their Google Account settings or by contacting us directly.
Updates
- We will keep this section of our privacy policy up-to-date and notify users of any changes in how we handle Google user data.
By using our application and granting access to your Google data, you consent to these practices.
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns at all about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at
support@gumroad.com
.
14. Additional Information for European Union Users
Personal information
References to "personal information" in this Privacy Policy are equivalent to "personal data" governed by European data protection legislation.
Controller
For purposes of European data protection legislation, Gumroad, Inc. is the controller of personal information that we collect for our own business purposes. See the Contact Us section above for contact details.
Gumroad acts as a processor to sellers through the Services, as described throughout this Privacy Policy. When we act as a processor to a seller, the relevant seller is the data controller of your personal information processed in connection with the sale or delivery of goods to you.
Legal bases for processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. We are required to inform you of the legal bases of our processing of your personal information, which are described in the table below. If you have questions about the legal basis of how we process your personal information, contact us at support@gumroad.com.
To provide our Sites and Services
- Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our provision of the Services or to take steps that you request prior to signing up for the Services.
To communicate with you, To create anonymous data, For compliance, fraud prevention and safety
- These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
To comply with law
- Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations
With your consent
- Processing is based on your consent. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it anytime in the manner indicated in the Service or by contacting us at
support@gumroad.com
.
Use of Personal Data on Behalf of Our Sellers
- We use personal data to comply with the instructions of the data controller, our sellers and, to the extent necessary, to perform the contract governing our provision of the Services or to take steps that you request prior to signing up for the Services.
Use for new purposes
When we act as a data controller, we may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis.
Retention
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
When we no longer require the personal information we have otherwise collected about you, we will dissociate such information from the information attached to your content. In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you), in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your rights
European data protection laws give European Union users certain rights regarding their personal information. If you are located within the European Union, you may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold in the capacity of a data controller:
Opt-out
- Stop sending you direct marketing communications. You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails
Access
- Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information
Correct
- Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information
Delete
- Delete your personal information
Transfer
- Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice
Restrict
- Restrict the processing of your personal information
Object
- Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information
You can submit these requests by email to
support@gumroad.com
or our postal address provided above. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us as described above or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator here.
To the extent we act as a processor on behalf of a seller, individuals should contact the relevant seller to exercise the rights and choices described in this section.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
Whenever we transfer your personal information out of the EEA to countries not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection, the transfer will be based:
Pursuant to the recipient's compliance with standard contractual clauses, EU-US Privacy Shield, or Binding Corporate Rules
Pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains
As otherwise permitted by applicable EEA requirements.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of the EEA.
Subscribe to get tips and tactics to grow the way you want.
→
Ⓒ Gumroad, Inc.
Taxes
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Features
Pricing
About
Jobs
Board meetings