Privacy Policy
Grappetite LLC has built the GiftList app as a commercial app. This SERVICE is provided
                                by Grappetite LLC and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection,
                                use, and
                                disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information
                                in
                                relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for
                                providing and
                                improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as
                                described
                                in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and
                                Conditions,
                                which is accessible at
mygiftlistapp.com
, unless otherwise defined in this
                                Privacy Policy.
Definitions
Service
Service means the
mygiftlistapp.com
website and the Gift List mobile application
                                        operated by Grappetite LLC
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from
                                        those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or
                                        likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the
                                        Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of
                                        a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and
                                improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
                                identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
                                Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional
                                materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of
                                receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link
                                or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
We may receive and store any information you submit to the Application (or otherwise
                                authorize us to obtain – such as, from (for example) your Facebook account). The types
                                of personal information collected may include your full name, email address, gender, IP
                                address, browser information, username, demographic information, and any other
                                information necessary for us to provide the Application services.
We receive and store certain types of usage related information whenever you interact
                                with Application. For example, Grappetite may automatically receive and record
                                information regarding your computer’s IP address, browser information, Facebook user ID,
                                and URLs accessed. Such information may be shared in aggregate (non-personally
                                identifiable) form with our partners.
What Any Data Collected is Used For
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app
                                we collect
                                data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This
                                Log Data
                                may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device
                                name,
                                operating system version, configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time
                                and date
                                of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Grappetite uses the data described in this Privacy Policy internally to improve its
                                products and services, and as set forth below.
Grappetite may provide personal information such as a user's full name and email to the
                                relevant Application Partner. The Application Partner’s use of your information is
                                subject to the Application Partner’s own privacy policy – and not Grappetite's Privacy
                                Statement. The Application Partner’s privacy policy can be found on the Partner’s
                                website.
Keeping personal information about our users safe is an important part of our business.
                                We do not rent or sell personal information to anyone (with the exception of sharing
                                information with the applicable Application Partner).
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and
                                we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique
                                identifier.
                                These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your
                                device's
                                internal memory.
This Services does not uses these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third
                                party code
                                and libraries that use "cookies" to collection information and to improve their
                                services. You
                                have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is
                                being sent
                                to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
                                portions of
                                this Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your
                                    preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Grappetite LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose
                                    to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods,
                                    services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already
                                    purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on —
                                computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental
                                jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your
                                jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please
                                note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it
                                there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information
                                represents your agreement to that transfer.
Grappetite LLC will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is
                                treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your
                                Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate
                                controls in place including the security of your data and other personal
                                information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
Grappetite LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action
                                is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Grappetite LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
we value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to
                                use
                                commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of
                                transmission over
                                the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
                                guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers
we may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
we want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your
                                Personal
                                Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However,
                                they
                                are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
The Application may allow you to link to external websites. Such third party websites are
                                not under Grappetite’s ownership. Such links do not constitute any endorsement by
                                Grappetite of those other websites or the services and information presented by them.
                                The privacy and security practices of such third party websites linked to the
                                Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and Grappetite is not responsible
                                for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you
                                will be
                                directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore,
                                we
                                strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control
                                over, and
                                assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
                                third-party
                                sites or services.
Children's Privacy
This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect
                                personal
                                identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child
                                under 13
                                has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
                                If you
                                are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
                                information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Data Removal Request
Users may request the deletion of the data stored by Grappetite for the use of this
                                application at any time. Grappetite will in due course remove any relevant identifying
                                data from our records. If user data has been passed on to a relevant Application Partner
                                (as stated above), the user will need to contact the Application Partner separately to
                                request data removal. Requests can be made via the Contact Form or by emailing us at
info@mygiftlistapp.com.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this
                                page
                                periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new
                                Privacy Policy
                                on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this
                                page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
                                contact
                                us via the Contact Form or by emailing us at
info@mygiftlistapp.com.
GiftList App