Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PRIVACY POLICY
Grand Craft Exploration
This privacy policy governs your use of any software applications for mobile devices
User Provided Information
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, Applications may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Applications may or may not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
What information if any, is shared with third parties?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve our Applications and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use our Applications and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for Applications to function properly.
Children
We do not use Applications to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Applications. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using our Applications, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States y
our information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards. Contact usIf you have any questions regarding privacy while using our Applications, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it