Privacy policy
360Player’s Privacy Policy
When you use 360Player's services and platform as a logged in user or visit our public website(s) (“
Services
”), you entrust us with your information. In this privacy policy we explain what data we collect, why we collect it and what we use it for. This is important! We hope you will spend some time reading the policy carefully.
Privacy Policy
You share your personal information with us by creating a 360Player account. We handle your personal data in the following situations:
When you use the Services;
To further develop and improve our Services; and
To communicate with you.
In order to provide our Services, you need to provide the personal data described in this privacy policy. If you don't do that, we can't offer you all our Services.
The privacy policy explains the following:
What information we collect and why.
How we use the information in question.
What rights you have as a registered user and how you can contact us if you have any questions regarding your personal information.
We are the controller of the personal data processing described in this privacy policy. For additional personal data that can be collected via the Services, 360player is only a personal data processor and refers to the responsible sports organization’s privacy policy to find out what purpose the personal data fulfills and how it is handled.
If we want to use information for a purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy, we will ask you first for your consent
Information we collect
When you create and use an account on our platform, or provide information on our public website, we receive personal data about you. In the table below, we indicate which categories of personal data are processed, for which purpose and with the support of which legal basis the processing takes place when you use our Services. Where applicable, we also state how long we retain your personal data.
If the user has not met the age requirements to approve the conditions regarding personal data themselves, the guardian needs to approve these by creating/approving the creation of the user account for the minor.
‍
1. Contact- and identification data.
‍
E.g. name, birthday, e-mail.
Administrer your acount
‍
E.g. to enable you to create an account, to be able to save your settings and to be able to communicate with you.
‍
Marketing.
E.g. to be able to send general marketing such as newsletters and also customized marketing to you.
‍
Support
.
If you contact us with the aim of getting support about the Services.
The processing is necessary in order to enter into or
fulfill the contract
with you.
We support this processing on a
balance of interests
basis, where our legitimate interest consists in sending you relevant and in some cases customized marketing.
‍
Legitimate interests
to resolve any issues you face. We may use your email address to inform you about our Services, for example, to tell you about future changes or improvements.
N.A
2. Contact and identifying information.
‍
E.g. address and contact details for you.
Administer your account
‍
E.g. to be able to save your settings and to be able to communicate with you.
Consent.
‍
It is voluntary for you to leave this information to us.Please note that if you do not provide this information to us, some features of the Services may not be provided.
N.A
3. Identifying information.
‍
E.g. your IP address, location information, operating system and browser.
Manage your usage
.
E.g. by remembering your chosen settings and adapting the Services and our website to your devices and preferences, to optimize the website for your experience and to provide you with information about your geographic location (if you have consented to it).
Regarding necessary, so-called functional cookies and other similar identifiers, we use a balancing of interests where our
legitimate interest
consists of being able to provide our Services.
30 days
4. Usage data.
‍
E.g. your personal settings and how often you use or visit our Services or our public website and which parts
Manage your usage
.
E.g. by remembering your chosen settings and adapting the Services and our website to your devices and preferences, to optimize the website for your experience and to provide you with information about your geographic location (if you have consented to it).
Regarding necessary, so-called functional cookies and other similar identifiers, we use a balancing of interests where our
legitimate interest
consists of being able to provide our Services.
30 days
Information in section 1-4 above
Protect us against or make legal claims.
‍
If you e.g. make any claims against us or if we should have any legal claims against you. To fulfill legal obligations.
Fulfillment of agreement/legitimate interest.
N.A
‍
Here is how the information we collect is used
‍
We receive part of the personal data in the tables above from you.
If you have a 360Player account and use our Services, we can show your profile name, profile photo, and activities on your 360Player account or in external applications that are linked to the 360Player account (such as your member organization’s websites) in our Services and in other commercial contexts. We respect your settings and the choices you make regarding limited sharing and visibility in the 360Player account when applicable.
Digital marketing
As a user of 360player, we can send you electronic marketing regarding news about our Services. If you do not want such marketing, you can always choose to refuse or not to give such consent.
If you have given consent, you always have the right to withdraw it, or to object to us processing your personal data for direct marketing.
Data treatment outside of the EU/EEA
Your personal data may be stored on servers or otherwise processed by our Services providers outside the EU/EEA.
When your personal data is processed outside the EU/EEA, we always ensure that there is an adequate level of protection and that suitable protective measures are taken. One such safeguard could be the use of the European Commission's standard contractual clauses. The standard contractual clauses are available on the European Commission's website.
Openness and choice
Different users have different views of privacy. We want to be clear about what information we collect, so you can make informed decisions about how to use it.
When you have an active account and are logged in to our platform, we use cookies.
By cookies we mean web beacons, pixel tags and other similar identifiers and/or tracking technologies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device with the intention of improving your experience of our website. We also use cookies to analyze how our website and Services are used.
If you want to change or limit how cookies are used on your device, you can do so in your browser settings. There you can also choose to delete previously stored cookies.
If you change or restrict how cookies are used, it may affect your experience and the functionality of our Services and website.
Information that you share
In many of our Services, you can share information with others. Keep in mind that information you share publicly may be indexed by Google and other search engines. In our Services, you can choose how to share and delete content that you shared.
Information we share
We share personal data with our IT providers to the extent that it is necessary to be able to provide and manage the operation of our Services. Upon request, your personal data may be disclosed to authorities or courts.
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of 360Player except in the following situations:
If you have given us your consent for us to send you direct marketing, you can withdraw it at any time.
If you withdraw your consent, we will stop processing your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing.
If you withdraw your consent, we will also not be able to offer you all our Services, such as customized information and marketing.
If you withdraw your consent, it means that we may not continue to process your personal data to send direct marketing. However, a revoked consent does not affect the legality of the processing we carried out during the time we had your consent.
We will continue to process your personal data based on another legal basis, such as legitimate interest or fulfillment of an agreement. We always strive to minimize the processing of personal data that occurs.
We can share information that can not be linked to a specific individual in public and with our partners – eg. publishers, advertisers, or linked sites. For example, we can share information publicly to show trends in how our Services are used generally.
If 360Player would be involved in a merger, acquisition or other form of sale, we will ensure the confidentiality of all personal data and inform affected users before their data is transferred or under any other privacy policy
Information security
We work hard to protect 360Player and our users against unauthorized access, modification, disclosure or destruction of information we administer. Specific safety precautions:
We encrypt many of our Services with SSL.
We review our procedures for collecting, storing and processing data, including physical security measures, to protect against unauthorized access to systems.
We limit access to personal information to 360Players employees, suppliers, and agents who need the information in order to process them on behalf of us. They are bound to strict confidentiality by contract and may be disciplined or terminated if they do not meet the requirements.
Applicability of privacy policy
The privacy policy applies to all Services offered by 360Player and its affiliates and Services offered on other websites.
Our privacy policy does not apply to Services provided by other companies or individuals, including products or websites that appear in feeds, sites that may contain 360Player Services, or other sites we link to and from our Services. Our privacy policy does not cover information policies from other companies or organizations that promote our Services, which may display relevant ads using cookies, pixel tags, or other technologies.
Changes
The privacy policy may change from time to time. We will not limit your rights under this Privacy Policy without your express consent. We will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy.
We keep your information private and secure – and it’s you who control them.
Additional information
The privacy policy stated above is fully compliant with regulations with the European privacy policy GDPR, in which you can control or get access to all your data.
User´s rights
We want you to access your personal information regardless of when using our Services. If the information is incorrect, we will allow you to easily update or remove it – provided that the information is not stored for valid business purposes or for legal reasons. When you update your personal information, we may require you to confirm your identity before we perform the action.
When we can provide access to data and correction, we will do it free of charge, except in cases where it requires disproportionate work. We aim to keep our Services in such a way that information is not destroyed by mistake or through malicious processes. Therefore, removing information in our Services may take a while before copies of the deleted information will disappear from our active servers. In addition, the information may remain in our backup system.
When we process your personal data, you have rights and the opportunity to influence how we process your personal data. Among other things, you have the following rights:
Right to be informed
You have the right to request information about which personal data we process about you at any time. If you want to be informed, you can contact us at the email address at the bottom of this privacy policy.
Right to get access
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we process about you. If you contact us to obtain a copy of your personal data, we will ask you to identify yourself. This is important because only you have the right to access personal data about yourself.
Right to rectification
You can contact us at any time and ask us to correct incorrect or incomplete information.
Right to delete
In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to delete your personal data. This applies if:
Your personal data is handled in an illegal manner,
Your personal data is no longer needed for the purpose it was collected,
you object to our processing, and we have no legitimate reasons for our processing that weigh more heavily to continue the processing,
your data must be deleted to comply with a legal obligation.
Right to data portability
In some cases, you can request to obtain, and use, your personal data elsewhere. This right applies if we process personal data that (i) you yourself have provided to us for processing that (ii) is based on your consent or to fulfill the agreement with you, and (iii) if the processing takes place automatically.
Right to complain
If you believe that your personal data is not processed correctly or that we do not respect your rights as a data subject, please contact us at
compliance@360player.com
or the Swedish Data Protection Authority (
www.imy.se
).
The legal entity providing the Services is 360Player AB (Reg.no. 556880-6862), Sveavägen 159, 113 46 Stockholm, Sweden. Email:
compliance@360player.com
.
This privacy policy was last updated: 2023-09-04
‍
English
Svenska
Español
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
English (US)