King Rabbit Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on December 8, 2023

For King Rabbit Terms of Service, go to https://kingrabbit.co/tos.txt.

By using our Services, you agree to the processing of your data in accordance with this privacy policy.

Information we collect
When you sign up for and use the Services, contact our customer service team, send us an email, post on our blog, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information that we collect. That information may include either your name or your username, physical address, email address, IP address. By giving us this information, you consent to this information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred to the United States and stored by us, as described in our Terms of Use and in this Privacy Policy.

“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual. We collect and store your email when you sign up for our mailing list, or where you nominate to specifically allow our games to collect your email. If you contact us directly for any reason, we may also keep a copy of that correspondence. Your email is collected only to keep you informed of new RareSloth Services and changes to our existing Services.

Username. Usernames are often used in our services to identify you, such as the level builder
Email Address. Email is the primary way that we contact you, and is the means by which you prove your identity in our Services when you log into our Services.
Password. Used to keep your account secure.
Name. Sometimes your real name may be required or inadvertently revealed to us (e.g. during customer support or correspondence).
Age. Enables us to provide age-appropriate advertising.

Server logs
In order to improve our Services, we automatically generate logs. This information may include:

- Details of how you used our Service, such as your navigation paths
- Information about your device, such as hardware and operating system information.
- Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.

User-Generated Content
Some of our Services may include the ability for you to create, store, and sync various kinds of data. Examples include levels and level names that you build and share sent using our level editors.

Mailing list
When you elect to join our mailing list for the purpose of receiving our newsletter we may use that “Personal Information” to provide you with direct marketing communications about upcoming games, features of our websites and other events and promotions related to our Services. You may unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time. All you need to do is unsubscribe from the link in the letter, or let us know in writing that you want to be removed. We may collect data about your interactions with our email messages such as if and when you opened those messages, and which links you followed from those messages. This lets our Services automatically figure out what email content you want from us, and helps us understand aggregate engagement statistics with the emails we send.

How we use information we collect
The primary purpose of the information we collect is to provide our Services to you, since the Services’ use of your data is synonymous with the function and value that they provide to you. We use the information we collect from all of our Services to provide, maintain, protect and improve our Services, to develop new Services and offerings and to protect us and our users. When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication as well as the other information described in this Privacy Policy to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.

Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.

External links
Our Services may contain links to external sites, such as Discord and Youtube and link content from external third party sources. Please note that the use of such third party sites or content is subject to the privacy policies and usage terms of the third party in question instead of our own terms and we do not have control or assume any liability over such content.

Third party partners
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on our Services. We do not control the privacy policies and your privacy settings on third-party sites, including social networks and the stores selling our digital and physical products. For further information, please see the relevant privacy policies for each Third Party Operator.

Apple: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Firebase: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Steam: http://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement
Unity: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

Public-facing information
Please keep in mind that comment sections, shared user-generated content, and other similar areas of our Services are public or partly public. Any information posted in those areas is viewable and usable by anyone that has access, and we cannot control what others do with such information.

Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Data access and removal
You can request a copy of your data or that your data is removed from our Services entirely. If this is something you want to do, please contact sloths@raresloth.com or use the in-app delete account feature. The logs that your actions generate will still exist in our system, but will eventually expire. Any content that you create in our System may still exist, unless you specifically remove that content yourself within the System. After your data is completely removed any content you created prior will no longer be associated with you.

Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this site and sending you an email if you are subscribed to our services.

Contact us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: sloths@raresloth.com