Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 8, 2017
The defined terms as set forth in the Instasize Terms of Use are incorporated herein.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY EXPLAINS WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IS COLLECTED, HOW THIS IS DONE, WHAT IT IS USED FOR, AND TO WHOM MUNKEE DISCLOSES THIS INFORMATION AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES.
By using this App you agree that Munkee and its affiliates and third parties may collect, maintain, process and use diagnostic, technical, usage, other applications installed on your device and other information, including but not limited to unique system or hardware identifiers, OS type and version, IP address, time zone, device carrier, location data, and other content contained on your hardware device (“User Data”). Additionally, User Data may be shared with third parties that enter into business transaction and agreements with Munkee. User Data will be used for various purposes as determined solely by Munkee, including, but not limited to, contacting you, troubleshooting, future feature development, and advertising. If you do not agree to the transmission of the User Data as set forth above, please do not use the Application.
Types of Information Collected
By using this App you agree that Munkee, its agents, affiliates and third parties may collect, maintain, process and use diagnostic, technical, usage and related information, including but not limited to unique system or hardware identifiers, location data, and other content contained on your hardware device. Additionally, you agree to the terms of the Munkee Privacy Policy. You certify that all information provided to us is and will be true, accurate, current and complete. You authorize us to create and maintain an account for you and collect information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. As described in our Privacy Policy, you consent to us obtaining, analyze, sort, and present certain information or features about you.
The information we collect fit into two general categories:
1. Personal Information
This information identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address, social media handles or user names or phone number.
2. Non-personal Information
This is information about you or your household that doesn't identify you personally, like gender, income or what types of products you’re interest in. When Personal Information and Non-personal Information are combined, it is treated as Personal Information.
Information We Do Not Collect
We do not collect personal directory data such as calendar, address book, phone/text log or photo/video data created by you and stored or accessed on your device.
How We Collect Information
We collect information about you in three general ways:
Information you provide to us;
Information automatically collected; and
Information provided to us by third parties.
Information You Provide
By using the App or creating accounts therein, you directly provide Munkee with certain information. Additionally, when you communicate with Munkee outside of the App your provide information about yourself (e.g. your phone number, name or email address).
Information Automatically Collected
By using our software and its associated services (collectively “Application”), we collect information about you that includes, usage information, device information, installed apps on your device, location information, website information, IP addresses, ads your see, ads you click on and interact with, preferences, and information collected by cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and tracking pixels.
Information Provided By Third Parties
We allow third-parties to collect certain information when you use our app. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your usage in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this behavior advertising practice or to opt out of this type of advertising, you ca visit the websites of the Digital Advertising allegiance at
www.aboutads.info
and Networking Advertising Initiaitive at
www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Interest-Based Ads
Some of our third-party providers or business partners are advertising networks, marketing partners, publishers and other entities who perform analytics and advertise our products and service not affiliated with us (“Advertising Service Providers”). In connection with these advertising services, we or our Advertising Service Providers may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect behavioral information about how you interact with your mobile device in order to perform tracking and marketing analytics or serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you.
Opt Out Choices
Munkee is based in the United States and U.S. law governs the information collected. By accessing and/or using the Application you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries for the purposes stated in the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Laws Governing Data
You accept any responsibility for any activity that occurs while logged into your account. You are responsible for making sure that you keep your password safe and secure. You agree not to allow others to use your account or take, or fail to take, actions that will jeopardize the security of your account.
Disclosure of Information
Munkee discloses information collected when it is necessary by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information if Munkee determines that it is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms of Use or protect our operations or other users.
We also disclose your information to those to whom you send messages, strategic partners of Munkee, in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Aggregated or de-identified information may be shared as Munkee deems appropriate.
We reserve the right to access, use, preserve, transfer or disclose, at any time without notice to you, any information (including Personal Information) as reasonably necessary to:
Comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoena or legal process, or respond to any governmental requests and cooperate with law enforcement, if we believe such action is required or permitted by law;
            Enforce our Terms of Use, including investigating any potential violations;
            Protect the safety, integrity, rights or security of our users, our App or equipment, or any third party; or
            Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues related to our App or our business affiliates.
Security of Information
Munkee takes precautions – including administrative, technical, and physical measures – to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information for users under thirteen years of age. If you are under thirteen years of age or do not possess parental consent to install and use this application, you are not to use this Application.
To contact Munkee regarding privacy concerns, please email us
support@madeonmade.com