Skip to main content
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Close Search
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Summary Statement
This is a statement of the practices of Greyhound Recycling & Recovery (“Greyhound”) in connection with the capture of personal data on this website or through other communication means and the steps taken by Greyhound to respect your privacy.
Greyhound is not responsible for the content or data protection practices of other websites which may be accessed through the Greyhound website. It is Greyhounds policy to identify clearly links to external websites and it is your responsibility to satisfy yourself as to the adequacy of the practices of said linked sites.
Greyhound Recycling & Recovery, Clondalkin, Dublin 22 needs to collect and use data (information) for a variety of purposes about its colleagues, customers and suppliers who come in contact with our organisation. The purposes of processing data include the organisation and administration of general business, research activities, the recruitment and payment of colleagues and compliance with statutory obligations.
Data Protection is the safeguarding of the privacy rights of individuals in relation to the processing of personal data. The Data Protection Act 1988 and the Data Protection (Amendment) Act 2003 confer rights on individuals as well as responsibilities on those persons processing personal data. Personal data, both automated and manual are data relating to a living individual who is or can be identified, either from the data or from the data in conjunction with other information.
Your Consent
By using this website and our bin collection service, you consent to our use of the information that you have provided for the purposes intended. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you will always know what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. If you have any questions about this policy please contact the Greyhound Data Protection Officer at info@greyhound.ie
Do I get email from you? What if I do not want to receive it?
Yes. All customers will receive e-mail and text updates about important changes to the website, new services and service updates, and special offers. If you do not wish to receive them, please visit the use the easy opt out functions on SMS/Email contacts. You can also remove/edit your contact details in your online account (personal details section).
You have the right to request a copy of the information relating to you that is held by Greyhound by utilising a Data Access Request. This request costs €6.35 and has to be made in writing by letter or email. Once you have made your request, and paid any appropriate fee, you will be given the information within 40 working days. You also have the right to ask Greyhound to correct any inaccuracies in any information held by us about you.
Why does Greyhound collect personal information?
Your personal information (Name, Postal Address, Email and Phone Number) allows us to contact you, if necessary, to process your account top ups and to notify you of any service changes and/or disruptions. It provides you with the opportunity to access parts of the website where legal requirements apply.
Purpose of this policy
This policy is a statement of Greyhound Recovery & Recycling’s commitment to protect the rights and privacy of individuals in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1988 and the Data Protection (Amendment) Act 2003.
Principles of the Acts
Greyhound Recycling & Recovery will administer its responsibilities under the legislation in accordance with the eight stated data protection principles outlined in the Act as follows:
1. Obtain and process information fairly
Greyhound will obtain and process personal data fairly and in accordance with the fulfilment of its functions.
2. Keep it only for one or more specified, explicit and lawful purposes
Greyhound will keep data for purposes that are specific, lawful and clearly stated and the data will only be processed in a manner compatible with these purposes.
3. Use and disclose it only in ways compatible with these purposes
Greyhound will only disclose personal data that is necessary for the purpose/s or compatible with the purpose/s for which it collects and keeps the data.
4. Keep it safe and secure
Greyhound will take appropriate security measures against unauthorised access to, or alteration, disclosure or destruction of, the data and against their accidental loss or destruction. Greyhound is aware that high standards of security are essential for all personal information.
5. Keep it accurate, complete and up-to-date
Greyhound will have procedures that are adequate to ensure high levels of data accuracy. Greyhound will examine the general requirement to keep personal data up-to-date. Greyhound will put in place appropriate procedures to assist staff in keeping data up-to-date.
6. Ensure that it is adequate, relevant and not excessive
Personal data held by Greyhound will be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purpose/s for which it is kept.
7. Retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purpose or purposes
Greyhound will have a policy on retention periods for personal data.
8. Give a copy of his/her personal data to that individual, on request
Greyhound will have procedures in place to ensure that data subjects can exercise their rights under the Data Protection legislation.
What about “Cookies”?
“Cookies” are small slices of information that a website transfers as a text file to your computer’s hard drive. They are used for record-keeping purposes. “Cookies” can make the website more useful by storing information, the number of daily visitors to the website, the pages most frequently visited and how long users stay on each page.
“Cookies” in and of themselves do not personally identify users and will not be correlated with personal information you have already provided to Greyhound. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies, but you can set your browser to alert you every time a Cookie is offered, letting you decide whether or not to accept it. You can prevent the use of Cookies by modifying your browser although you may not be able to use some of our services if you prevent the use of Cookies.
Will Greyhound disclose the information it collects to third parties?
Greyhound will not sell/trade, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal information to anyone outside of Greyhound. Greyhound will release account information to third parties when such release is reasonably necessary to:
– Comply with law,
– Enforce or apply the terms of any of our User agreements or
– Protect the rights, property or safety of Greyhound, our users, and others.
– In order to make improvements to our website, we may gather non-personal information that helps us understand how customers use it. For example, we may research the collected information to determine which areas of the website our customers most frequently access.
– Greyhound may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will not include individual identifying information. Personal information, like your name and email address, will not be used in our research.
Responsibility
Greyhound Recycling & Recovery has overall responsibility for ensuring compliance with the Data Protection legislation. However, all colleagues of Greyhound Recycling & Recovery who collect and/or control the contents and use of personal data are also responsible for compliance with the Data Protection legislation.
Greyhound Recycling & Recovery will provide support, assistance, advice and training to all departments, offices and colleagues to ensure it is in a position to comply with the legislation. Greyhound Recycling & Recovery has appointed a Data Protection Officer who will assist the business and its staff in complying with the Data Protection legislation.
Procedures and Guidelines
This policy supports the provision of a structure to assist in Greyhound Recycling & Recovery’s compliance with the Data Protection legislation, including the provision of best practice guidelines and procedures in relation to all aspects of Data Protection.
For further details on your data privacy rights, please refer to www.dataprotection.ie
Review
It should not be construed as a contractual undertaking. Greyhound reserves the right to review and amend this statement at any time within 30 days of any changes taking place and you should therefore re-visit this webpage from time to time.
Any queries or concerns you may have about the processing of personal information on this website should be addressed to:
The Data Protection Officer,
Greyhound Head Office:
Crag Avenue, Clondalkin Industrial Estate, Dublin 22, D22 E718
Tel: 01 4577777
Email:
info@greyhound.ie
Advertising
We ask for your agreement to process your information for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. For example, we ask for your consent to provide you with personalized services, such as ads based on your interests.
You can read more on this by clicking on
Google’s Privacy & Terms link
.
Call Us
Household Customers:
01 4577777
Commercial Customers:
01 5686540
Customer Care Hours
Mon-Fri 8am – 6pm
Bank Holidays 8am – 3pm
© 2024 Greyhound Recycling.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Careers
Customer Charter
NWCPO-14-11447-06
If you would like to be added to our list of potential customers please enter your details and we will keep you updated when we will be available in your area.
Full name
(Required)
Email address
(Required)
Eircode
(Required)
Δ
Email
Δ
Add the
only bin
for
only glass
to your plan
Select valid address from dropdown below
Get Dublin’s first glass bin for just €5.99 a month.
And stop sneaking to the bottle bank.
Add the
only bin
for
only glass
to your plan
Get Dublin’s first glass bin for just €5.99 a month.
And stop sneaking to the bottle bank.
Add glass now.
Notification!
We are working away on your new calendar for you. Please log into your app or portal to view you collection days.
app.greyhound.ie.
Moving House
"
*
" indicates required fields
First Name
*
Surname
*
Account number
*
Email Address
*
Address Information
OLD ADDRESS
*
Address line 1
Address Line 2
Town
County
Eircode
NEW ADDRESS
*
Address line 1
Address Line 2
Town
County
Eircode
Date you want the account transferred?
*
DD slash MM slash YYYY
Date of last collection at old address?
*
DD slash MM slash YYYY
greyhound bins
*
I DO require Greyhound bins at my new address
DO NOT require Greyhound bins at my new address
Test Input
Δ
Want to change/edit address?
Use the chat/bot window in the bottom right of the screen or call us on 01 4667008.
Best Value
Go Greyhound today for just €24.50
Our Family Max monthly plan for large and busy households. Save more per kilo compared to our other plans.
Sign Up Now
Most Popular
Go Greyhound today for just €22.50
Our Family Plus monthly plan that’s most suited to the average Irish household, with more allowance for general waste.
Sign Up Now
Basic Plan
Go Greyhound today for just €14.50
Our Basic monthly plan for everyday needs, with the company that recycles more of your waste than anyone else.
Sign Up Now
Best Value
Go Greyhound today for just €22.50
Our Family Plus monthly plan for large and busy households. Save more per kilo compared to our other plans.
Sign Up Now
Most Popular
Go Greyhound today for just €18.50
Our Family monthly plan that’s most suited to the average Irish household, with more allowance for general waste.
Sign Up Now
Basic Plan
Go Greyhound today for just €16.50
Our Standard monthly plan for everyday needs, with the company that recycles more of your waste than anyone else.
Sign Up Now
Forgot pin code
Please select your area and submit:
Dublin City Council
South Dublin County Council
All Other Areas
Forgot Account Number
You can find your Customer ID number on the back of your Customer Card.
If you have lost or misplaced your payment card, please contact our customer service:
Dublin City Council Area:
LoCall 1890 989 998
South Dublin County Council Area:
LoCall 1890 929 333
All Other Areas:
LoCall 1890 929 333
Cookie Consent
You might need to change Manage Pref depending what we call it.
We use cookies to improve your experience, analyse site usage, and deliver personalized content. By clicking 'Accept All', you agree to our use of cookies. You can manage your cookie preferences by selecting 'Manage Preferences'
Accept All, Manage Preferences, Reject All as the buttons.
Cookie Settings
Accept
Decline
Cookie preferences
Cookie usage 📢
We use cookies to ensure the website's proper operation, to analyze traffic and performance, and to provide social media features. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not then work.
Performance and Analytics cookies
Performance and Analytics cookies
These cookies allow us to analyze visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
Advertisement and Targeting cookies
Advertisement and Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our social media providers and/or our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
Functionality and Preferences cookies
Functionality and Preferences cookies
These cookies allow us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization by storing user preferences.
More information
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please contact us.
Accept all
Reject all
Save settings
Notifications
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps