PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: August 21, 2024
1. OVERVIEW
This privacy policy (this “Policy”) applies to Nowhere Holdco, LLC and its related parties and affiliates (hereinafter referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our”). We strive to deliver outstanding products and services and value our customers’ business and loyalty. We recognize that privacy is an important issue. We have developed this Policy to explain our practices regarding the personal information we collect from you or about you when you purchase products from us, through written or verbal communications with us, when you use this website or mobile applications. While this Policy broadly describes the practices we have adopted within North America, local laws vary, and some jurisdictions may place restrictions on our collection, use, or disclosure of personal information. Our actual practices in such jurisdictions may be more limited than those described in this Policy to comply with local requirements. If you are a resident of California, please see Appendix A for information regarding your rights under California law. If you are a resident of Nevada, please see Appendix B for information regarding your rights under Nevada law. If you are a resident of Texas, please see Appendix C for information regarding your rights under Texas law. If you are a resident of the United Kingdom or the European Union, please see Appendix D for information regarding your rights.
By accessing or using our websites, mobile applications (“apps”), or submitting information to us, or otherwise agreeing to this Policy, e.g., in the context of registering for any of our products or services, you understand and consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described herein.
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
Personal information is information that identifies, relates to or describes you or can reasonably be associated with or linked to you. We collect personal information directly from you through our websites and apps and in our contact with you at our stores. We may also collect information related to conversations, including records or copies of your correspondence with us or customer service calls for quality assurance and training purposes, and other communications such as website chat support, in-app messages, or SMS.
We collect and use personal information in certain common cases, including:
2.1 Purchase of Goods
In connection with your purchase of goods from us at our stores or through our website, we collect personal information. The information we collect in these cases may include first name, last name; shipping address, city, county, state, zip code; billing address, city, county, state, zip code; telephone number; e-mail address; online identifier; date of birth; account name, account password; goods purchased; customer comments; date of purchase; a copy of your original invoice or receipt; invoice or receipt number; credit card number, expiration date and security code. We use this information to facilitate the purchase transaction and to understand the demographics of our customers and their purchasing preferences. The personal information described in this paragraph is the “Purchase Data.”
2.2 Customer Service
We provide customer service at our stores, by telephone and through our website. In providing customer service we may collect personal information from you such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone, product purchases, product sales, and other information related to your service request. We use this information in order to investigate, resolve and respond to your customer service issue. The personal information described in this paragraph is the “Customer Service Data.”
2.3 Membership
When you apply for membership and exercise your membership rights and benefits, we collect personal information which may include first name, last name; address, e-mail address; telephone number; mobile device number, internet protocol address, gender and date of birth. We use this information to provide you with the features and benefits of our membership program and information about our goods and services. The personal information described in this paragraph is “Membership Data.”
2.4 Social Media
If you choose to participate in one of our sponsored social media activities or offerings, we may collect certain information from your social media account consistent with your settings within the social media service, such as location, check-ins, activities, interests, photos, status updates, and friends list. We may also allow you to enter into contests to provide photos, such as of products you have purchased, which you may share with your connections on social media for votes, shared offers or other promotions. We use this information for providing information about our goods and services and for understanding the needs and preferences of our customers. The personal information described in this paragraph is the “Social Data.”
2.5 Contests and Sweepstakes
We may run contests or sweepstakes in which you may choose to participate. The personal information we collect may include first name, last name, e-mail address, telephone number, address, date of birth and other individual responses as indicated at the time of collection. Prize winners may be required to provide a social security number for tax reporting purposes. We use this information to facilitate the contest or sweepstakes. The personal information described in this paragraph is the “Contest Data.”
2.6 Customer Surveys
We may collect personal information at various events through surveys in which you may choose to participate. The information we collect may include age; date collected; purchase history, habits, and preferences; email; first name; last name; and other individual survey responses as indicated at the time of collection. We use this information to understand the needs and preferences of our customers so that we can improve our goods and services. The personal information described in this paragraph is the “Survey Data.”
2.7 Security
Our stores use security cameras to monitor the activity of our customers and staff. The information we collect includes video recordings. Audio is not recorded. The camera images are not monitored in real time. The recordings are viewed only if there is reason to believe that there has been a breach of security. We use this information to detect security incidents and to report to law enforcement agencies. The personal information described in this paragraph is the “Security Data.”
2.8 Automatically Collected Personal Information
By its nature, our websites and apps also automatically collect some personal information about you. In order for you to view or interact with our website or apps, we receive individual identifiers like your IP address, and some network information like the date and time that pages are visited. We may collect this personal information even if you are not logged in. We collect some personal information automatically using cookies or other tracking technologies as described below in Section 7. The personal information automatically collected may be collected by or on behalf of third parties who may provide us with inferences or aggregate reporting based on analysis of such personal information. We use this information to understand how our customers are using our websites and apps. The personal information described in this paragraph is the “Use Data.”
2.9 Employees
We collect personal information in the context of your role as an applicant to, an employee of, director of, or officer of, our business. The personal information we collect in these cases may include name, alias, social security number, address, email address, online identifier, driver’s license number, state identification card number; passport number, immigration status, alien registration card number, date of birth, birth certificate, citizenship status, gender, marital status, race, ethnicity, bank account and routing number, tax filing status, emergency contact information, telephone number, family member names, educational background, criminal background and employment history, employment status, veteran/military status, employee ID, fingerprint, performance evaluations, garnishments, medical provider information, dependent name(s), date of birth, gender and address, medical insurance information, compensation and benefits data, workplace, and title. We only use this information for purposes of evaluating qualifications related to your job application or your job duties; evaluating your performance; or for providing compensation, benefits and services in the context of the employment relationship. The personal information described in this paragraph is the “Employee Data.”
2.10 Individuals Representing Businesses
We collect personal information in the context of your role as a representative of a business. The personal information we collect in these cases may include name, address, email address, telephone, date of birth, gender, social security number and personal financial information. We use this information for communicating with you in your role as a representative of a business or if you are an owner of a business to evaluate your creditworthiness. The personal information described in this paragraph is the “Biz Rep Data”.
In addition to the information we collect from you directly, we may also infer information about you based on the information you provide to us or from other information we collect.
3.	SOURCES FROM WHICH WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect personal information about you from a number of sources in addition to those means of collection indicated above, including offline or through sources unrelated to your use of our websites or apps or interaction with us at our stores. For example, we may collect personal information from publicly accessible sources (e.g., property records); directly from a third party, (e.g., credit reporting agencies or customer due diligence providers); or from a third party with your consent (e.g., your bank). We may merge or co-mingle that personal information with the personal information we maintain about you and other data collected on or through our website. Categories of sources from which we may collect personal information include: advertising networks; internet service providers; data analytics providers; government entities; operating systems and platforms; and social networks.
4.	PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
In addition to the purposes set forth in Section 2 above, we may collect your personal information for the following purposes:
4.1 Auditing
Auditing related to a current interaction with you, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards;
4.2 Security
Helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
4.3 Debugging
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
4.4 Transient Use
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, non-personalized advertising shown as part of a consumer’s current interaction with us provided that your personal information is not disclosed to a third party and is not used to build a profile about you or otherwise alter your experience outside the current interaction with us;
4.5 Services
Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage or providing similar services on our behalf;
4.6 Advertising
Providing advertising and marketing services to you.
4.7 Research
Research. Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
4.8 Quality and Safety
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our products and services and to improve, upgrade, or enhance our products and services.
4.9 Commercial Interests
Advancing our commercial or economic interests, such as by inducing a person to buy, rent, lease, join, subscribe to, provide, or exchange products, goods, property, information, or services, or enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
5.	LIMITED USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we have collected it, unless we reasonably determine we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. For example, we consider de-identification, aggregation, and other forms of anonymization of personal information to be compatible with the purposes listed above and in your interest, because the anonymization of such information reduces the likelihood of improper disclosure of that information.
If you wish to receive an explanation as to how the processing for a particular purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us via the information specified in the Contact section below.
6.	OUR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In order to provide you with the best products and services, we disclose your personal information to our affiliates, service providers, contractors and other third parties as described below.
6.1 Affiliates
We may disclose your personal information to our parent company and entities under shared corporate control (“Affiliates”) for the purposes described in Sections 2 and 4 above.
6.2 Contractors
We disclose personal information to entities that help us fulfill a business or commercial purpose including, but not limited to, shipping companies that deliver our products to you (“Contractors”).Contractors are not permitted to sell or share your personal information or to use your personal information other than to perform the tasks we assign to them.
6.3 Service Providers
We disclose your personal information to companies that process personal information on our behalf for a business or commercial purpose, including, but not limited to, website hosting, app design, database management, web analytics, app analytics, billing, payment processing, and communicating with you about our products or services (“Service Providers”).Service Providers are not permitted to sell or share your personal information or to use your personal information other than to perform the tasks we assign to them.
6.4 Third Parties
We do not disclose personal information to entities that may sell, retain, use, or disclose personal information for purposes beyond providing services directly to us for our business or commercial purposes (“third parties” as defined in the CCPA).
6.5	Marketing and Advertising.
We work with third party advertising and marketing companies (“Advertising Partners”) to provide you with advertisements, marketing, or other information that we think may interest you. These Advertising Partners may set or access their own cookies, pixels, tags, or similar technologies on our website and apps or they may collect or have access to data about you that was collected over time and across different online services. These Advertising Partners may also provide us with their own independent data about potential customers. Such data could include data about you that was previously collected by the Advertising Partner.
6.6 Compliance with Laws
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose your personal information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties in response to lawful requests when we believe disclosure or sharing is necessary to comply with any legal obligation, enforce or apply our terms and conditions, respond to claims and legal process, protect our services, members, dealers, our rights and/or the safety of the public or any person, or prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity (including for the purposes of fraud protection).
6.7 Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets
We may disclose some or all of your personal information in connection with a merger, bankruptcy, or other transaction in which another entity assumes control of all or part of our business. If another company or individual acquires our business, or assets, that company or individual will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Policy.
7.	COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Third parties, including Google and Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. You can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting using the options described in the Opting Out section below. The tracking technologies we may utilize include the following:
7.1 Cookies
We may use different types of cookies when providing different types of web-related services. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit
www.aboutcookies.org
for detailed guidance. Cookies allow us to identify and authenticate visitors, track aggregate behavior, and enable important service features. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. Session ID cookies are used to maintain your browser state as you browse through services, and they expire when you close your browser. A persistent Cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period, and we use that to identify you should you return to services and want to find information you had previously entered or accessed.
We may also contract with analytics services, third-party affiliate services, and third-party advertising companies to collect similar information. These cookies allow the ad servers to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement, and compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows such advertising networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
You may disable cookies through your web browser. For information about opting out of these collection services, please see the Your Choices section below.
7.2 Web Beacons/Tags
We may automatically collect aggregate anonymous information through files embedded in our services and emails known as “web beacons.” We may deliver a web beacon to you through our services from an advertising network with which we have contracted. Web beacons allow third parties to provide anonymized and aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for us. Web beacons also allow us to tell whether email recipients are able to properly view messages or if email messages have been opened, to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to users. We do not tie the information gathered by web beacons to personal information.
7.3 Flash LSOs
When we post videos, third parties may use local shared objects, known as “Flash cookies,” to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored. The cookie management tools provided by many popular browsers will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage Flash cookie privacy and storage settings, click here:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html
.
7.4 Analytics
We may use analytics tools or similar tools provided by third parties (“Data Analytics Providers”) to help analyze how you and other users utilize our services. Analytics tools use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information such as how often users visit our website, what pages they visit, and what other websites they have used prior to visiting our website. We use the information we get from analytics tools only to improve services. Analytics tools collect the IP address or other unique identifier assigned to you on the date you visited services. Analytics tools provided by third parties plant a persistent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website, and the treatment of that information is governed by the third party’s terms of use and/or privacy policy. To learn about how Google uses data related to website analytics when you use our site or apps, click here:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
. For information about how Facebook uses cookies and other storage technologies, click here:
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
.
7.5 BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU GIVE CONSENT FOR US TO SHARE YOUR DATA WITH THESE PROCESSORS, AND FOR THEM TO TRANSFER THIS INFORMATION ONWARD TO THEIR PARTNERS IN CONNECTION WITH PROVIDING OUR SERVICES TO YOU.
8.	OPTING OUT
You can make the following choices regarding your personal information:
8.1 Promotional and Other Emails
You may choose, during the account registration processes on one of our websites, or otherwise, to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other materials related to our services. You can stop receiving these emails by sending a request to the email address in the Contact Us section below. If you decide not to receive these emails, we may still send you communications related to your current or former membership.
8.2 Behavioral Advertising
As described in Section 6.5, we may share your personal information with Advertising Partners, so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. That advertising may appear either on our website, or on other websites not operated by us. If you do not want third parties to collect information about your use of our services, you can opt-out of such at the Digital Advertising Alliance in the US, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada, or the European Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe.
PLEASE NOTE THAT OPTING-OUT OF BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING DOES NOT MEAN THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE ADVERTISING WHILE USING SERVICES. IT WILL, HOWEVER, EXCLUDE YOU FROM INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING CONDUCTED THROUGH PARTICIPATING NETWORKS, AS PROVIDED BY THEIR POLICIES AND CHOICE MECHANISMS.
8.3 Analytics
Many analytics providers allow end-users to opt out of the retention of their information, including our third-party analytics providers. Please note that, typically, unless you create an account with the analytics provider, your choice to opt out applies only to the device from which you make the request, because the providers use cookies on that device to recognize your choice. If you get a new device, install a new web browser, update your browser, or otherwise erase/alter your browser cookie files, you may clear the opt-out cookie.
You may learn more about the use of information by and opting-out of analytics from our third-party provider by visiting its opt-out page at the following links:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
and
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
8.4 Cookies
You may disable, or delete cookies in your Web browser, but doing so may impact the usability of the website. To block cookies, you can also browse our service using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “In Private” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari, etc.).
8.5 Do Not Track
Our website does not recognize or respond to “Do Not Track” requests available through many popular web browsers since we do not sell or share your personal information with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
9.	CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our website, apps, and other services are not directed to children under the age of 13. We adhere to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly register or otherwise collet any Personal Information from any child under the age of 13. We ask that minors under the age of 13 not subject any Personal Information to us. If you have reason to believe a child under the age of 13 has provided us with any Personal Information, please contact us at
Legal@erewhon.com
and request that such information be deleted from our records.
10.	INFORMATION SECURITY
We make efforts to protect your personal information from improper or unauthorized loss, misuse, access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. All Personal Information submitted to or collected by us is hosted on secure servers both within our network and our partners providing extended services on premise and in the cloud.  We use various physical, electronic, and procedural measures designed to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse. We use strong encryption when transmitting your personal data.
We do not store your credit card information. All credit card information is transmitted on a PCI-compliant channel from a Verifone/Ingenico device to a FiServ encrypted tunnel.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, contact us at the email or regular mail address specified in the Contact Us section below.
11.	DATA RETENTION
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information, whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
12.	THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Our websites or apps may contain links to other websites or apps. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites or apps. You should read the policy statement of these other websites or apps to understand their policies. When you access linked websites or apps, you may be disclosing private information. It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential.
13.	CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Policy from time to time, in our sole discretion. When we do so, we will post the new Policy on our website. You should consult this Policy regularly for any changes. Continued use of services following posting of such changes constitutes your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the changes. If you do not agree, you should immediately discontinue your use of our website and services.
14.	CONTACT US
If you have questions regarding this Policy, its appendices, or our treatment of your personal information, you may contact us at:
(877) 897-8704
Legal@erewhon.com
APPENDIX A
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTICE
Effective Date: July 29, 2024
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER THE CCPA
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”), if you are a resident of California you have the following rights with respect to your personal information.
1.1 Right to Know About Our Collection, Disclosure, Sharing and Sale of Personal Information About You. ersonal information as defined in the CCPA is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you, including the following categories of information: (a) identifiers; (b) categories described in California Civil Code §1798.80(e); (c) characteristics of protected classes; (d) commercial information; (e) biometric information; (f) internet or other electronic network activity; (g) geolocation data; (h) audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information; (i) professional or employment related information; (j) education related information; and (k) inferences drawn from such information to create a consumer profile.
You have the right to know the categories of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which we collect personal information; our business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing, sharing or selling personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclose, share or sell personal information, if any; and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Personal information includes “sensitive” personal as described below.
1.2 Right to Know About Our Collection, Disclosure, Sharing and Sale of “Sensitive” Personal Information About You.
“Sensitive” personal information as defined in the CCPA is personal information that reveals: (a) your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; (b) your account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; (c) your precise geolocation; (d) your racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership; (e) the contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless we are the intended recipient of the communication; and (f) your genetic data. “Sensitive” personal information also includes biometric information that is processed for the purpose of identifying you, information that is collected and analyzed concerning your health; or your sex life or sexual orientation.
You have the right to know the categories of “sensitive” personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collect personal information, our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing “sensitive” personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we sell or share “sensitive” personal information, if any, and the specific pieces of “sensitive” personal information we have collected about you.
1.3 Right to Delete Your Personal Information
Subject to the exceptions set out below, and upon your submission of a verifiable request, you have the right to deletion of your personal information from our records, and to have us direct our service providers, contractors and third parties to delete your personal information from their records.
We are not required to, and reserve our right not to delete your personal information if it is necessary to: (i) complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us; (ii) help to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for those purposes; (iii) debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; (iv) exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law; (v) comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code; (vi) engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent; (vii) enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us and compatible with the context in which you provided the information; and (viii) comply with a legal obligation.
1.4 Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information.
Subject to the exceptions set out below, and upon your submission of a verifiable request, you have the right to correct any inaccurate personal information in our records, and to have us direct our service providers, contractors and third parties to correct any inaccurate personal information from their records.
If we cannot verify your identity pursuant to the CCPA and its regulations we may deny a request to correct. In such event, we shall inform you that your identity cannot be verified.
In determining the accuracy of the personal information that is the subject of your request to correct, we shall consider the totality of the circumstances relating to the contested personal information. We may deny your request to correct if we determine that the contested personal information is more likely than not accurate based on the totality of the circumstances.
1.5 Right to Be Free from Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, on the basis of the exercise of your rights thereunder, among other things, deny goods or services to you, charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services or retaliate against you as an employee, applicant for employment or independent contractor.
1.6 Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
Under the CCPA, disclosure of your personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other consideration is considered to be a “Sale” of personal information. We do not provide sell your personal information.
1.7 Right to Limit the Use of “Sensitive” Personal Information
We use your “sensitive” personal information only to the extent that it is necessary to provide our goods and perform our services as reasonably expected by you. Since we already limit our use of your “sensitive” personal information to that which is necessary to provide our goods and perform our services as reasonably expected by you, we do not provide a “Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information” link.
1.8 Right of Children to Opt-In to the Sale of Personal Information
We do not knowingly collect or sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization. For minors who wish to opt-in to the sale of their personal information, we have established the following processes:
Minors between 13 and 16 years of age:
In the case of consumers between 13 and 16 years of age, we require the consumer to affirmatively authorize the sale of the consumer’s personal information. In order to opt-in minors in this age range, as part of the account registration process for our products which may be targeted toward minors, we require the consumer or consumer’s parent or guardian to verify the consumer’s identity by providing at least two data points with data points maintained by the business, which we have determined to be reliable for the purpose of verifying the consumer.
Minors under 13 years of age:
In the case of consumers who are less than 13 years of age, we require the consumer’s parent to affirmatively authorize the sale of the consumer’s personal information. In order to opt-in minors in this age range, as part of the account registration process for our products which may be targeted toward minors, we require that the consumer’s parent or guardian verify the consumer’s identity, which we have determined to be reliable for the purpose of verifying the consumer.
We reserve the right to require additional information or not complete your request if we cannot verify your identity. If you are a parent or guardian seeking to opt-out on behalf of their child, please contact us at or email us at
Legal@erewhon.com
with the subject “Minor Opt-Out.”
HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR CCPA RIGHTS
Unless otherwise specified, to exercise any of your rights described in this Appendix A, please submit your request to us at (877) 897-8704 or at
Legal@erewhon.com
with the subject “CCPA Consumer Request.”
In order to verify your request, we will need you to provide us with enough information to identify you (e.g., your full name, address, and customer or matter reference number), proof of your identity and address (e.g., a copy of your driving license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and a description of what right you wish to exercise along with any information to which your requests relates. If feasible, we will match the identifying information provided by you with the personal information that we already maintain about you.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. In order to fulfill your request to know or delete submitted by an authorized agent, you must provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and we may require that you verify your own identity with us directly.
We reserve our right not to grant a consumer request if we cannot verify that the person making the request is the person about whom we have collected information, or someone authorized to act on such person’s behalf. You may only make a request to access or receive copies of personal information twice within a 12-month period. Any personal information we collect from you to verify your identity in connection with your request will be used solely for the purposes of verification.
RESPONSE TIMING AND FORMAT
If you send a verifiable consumer request, as set forth above, we will respond in accordance with state law. If we need additional time, we will inform you of the reason for the extension and the length of the extension. We will deliver our written response by e-mail.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of the verifiable consumer request. Alternatively, the response will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request.
For data portability requests, we will provide your information in a form that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
OUR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE PRACTICES
A description of the personal information that we collect online and off-line is provided in Section 2 of the main Policy. The purposes for which we collect and use personal information are described in Sections 2 and 4 of the main Policy. Sources from which we receive personal information are described in Section 3 of the main Policy. Our personal information disclosure practices are described in Sections 6 and 7 of the main Policy. Our personal information retention practices are described in Section 11 of the main Policy.
3.1 Categories of Personal Information Collected, Shared or Sold For Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising Purposes; and Disclosed for a Business Purpose within the past 12 months.
3.2 Categories of “Sensitive” Personal Information Collected, Sold or Shared for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising; and Disclosed for a Business Purpose within the past 12 months.
OTHER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
4.1 Shine the Light Request.
Individual consumers who reside in California and have provided us with their personal information may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code, and be submitted to us at one of the following addresses:
Legal@erewhon.com
with the subject “California Shine the Light Request” or 2430 E 11th St Los Angeles, CA 90021 “attention: Legal”. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted to addresses other than the addresses specified in this paragraph.
4.2 Minor’s Right to Remove Posted Content.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any website where this Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information that you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to
Legal@erewhon.com
with the subject “Privacy Rights for Minors.” Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
APPENDIX B
NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTICE
Effective Date: July 22, 2024
Under Nevada Revised Statues Section 603A, et. seq., Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may notify us not to sell their covered personal information. Covered personal information includes first and last name, address, email address, phone numbers, and identifiers that allow a specific person to be contacted. If you are a Nevada resident, you may submit a request to us not to sell your covered information by emailing
Legal@erewhon.com
.
APPENDIX C
TEXAS PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTICE
We collect and process Personal Data of Texas residents as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE TEXAS PRIVACY ACT
Texas residents have certain rights under the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act. Texas residents have the right to:
confirm whether we are processing their personal data and to access their personal data;
correct inaccuracies in your personal data;
delete personal data;
obtain a copy of digitized personal data in a portable and readily usable format that allows the resident to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance;
opt-out of the processing of personal data for purposes of: (a) targeted advertising, (b) the sale of personal data, or (c) profiling in furtherance of a decision that produces a legal or similarly significant effect.
To exercise any of these rights, please submit your request to us at (877) 897-8704 or at
Legal@erewhon.com
with the subject “Texas Privacy Act Consumer Request” or through our website.
In order to authenticate your request, we will need you to provide us with enough information to identify you (e.g., your full name, address, and customer or matter reference number), proof of your identity and address (e.g., a copy of your driving license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and a description of what right you wish to exercise along with any information to which your requests relates. If feasible, we will match the identifying information provided by you with the personal information that we already maintain about you. Any personal information we collect from you to verify your identity in connection with your request will be used solely for the purposes of verification.
We reserve our right not to respond to requests that cannot be authenticated.
You may only make a request to access or receive copies of personal information twice within a 12-month period.
RESPONSE TIMING AND FORMAT
If we can authenticate your request, we will respond within 45 days after receipt of the request. If we need additional time, we will inform you of the reason for the extension and the length of the extension. We will deliver our written response by e-mail.
Alternatively, if we are unable to honor your request, the response will explain the reasons why.
You may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by emailing us at
Legal@erewhon.com
.
For data portability requests, we will provide your information in a form that is portable and readily usable format that allows the resident to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to an authenticated consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
NOTICES
We do not sell your sensitive data. Sensitive data includes: (a) personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexuality, or citizenship or immigration status, (b) genetic or biometric data that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual, or (c) personal data collected from a known child, or (d) precise geolocation data.
We do not sell your biometric personal data. Biometric data means data generated by automatic measurements of an individual's biological characteristics. The term includes a fingerprint, voiceprint, eye retina or iris, or other unique biological pattern or characteristic that is used to identify a specific individual. The term does not include a physical or digital photograph or data generated from a physical or digital photograph, a video or audio recording or data generated from a video or audio recording, or information collected, used, or stored for health care treatment, payment, or operations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.).
APPENDIX D
EU & UK PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTICE
Data Subjects have the right to:
•	determine whether Personal Data has been processed;
•	access Personal Data that has been processed;
•	obtain information about how Personal Data has been processed, including without limitation: (i) the purpose of the Processing; (ii) the category of Personal Data concerned; (iii) the categories of recipients to whom the Data Subject’s Personal Data has been disclosed; (iv) the planned retention period; (v) existence of the right of rectification, deletion, limitation of processing, or opposition; (vi) the existence of a right to complaint; (vii) the source of the collection of Personal Data if not collected from us; (viii) and the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information about their details;
•	correct Personal Data stored by us;
•	request deletion of Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions;
•	restrict the Processing of Personal Data if: (i) the accuracy of the Personal Data is disputed; (ii) the Processing of the Personal Data is unlawful, but the Data Subject rejects its deletion; (iii) we no longer need the Personal Data, but the Data Subject requires it to exercise or defend legal claims; or (iv) the Data Subject has objected to the Processing of the Personal Data in accordance with GDPR Article 21;
•	receive their Personal Data as provided to us, in a structured, common, and machine-readable format or to request the transfer to another person responsible;
•	withdraw their consent to Processing of Personal Data; and
•	complain to a Supervisory Authority, as that term is defined in the GDPR. As a general rule, the Data Subject can contact the Supervisory Authority of their usual place of resident, work, or place of the alleged infringement. You can find your local Supervisory Authority here
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
We may process Data Subject’s Personal Data under the following conditions:
•
Consent:
the Data Subject has given their consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purpose.
•
Performance of contract:
provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
•
Legal obligations:
processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
•
Vital interests:
processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another natural person.
•
Public interests:
processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us.
•
Legitimate interests:
processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
DATA SUBJECT REQUESTS
Data Subjects may exercise their rights under the GDPR by
Legal@erewhon.com
.
Copyright © 2024 Nowhere Holdco LLC. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語