PDPP
Data collection and purposes
Transfer of data outside the EU
Media Forms
Postal address and telephone number
Glamuse Newsletter
How long we keep your personal data
Security measures taken to ensure the protection of personal data
Technical data (logs)
Cookie Policy
Cookie Usage
Types of cookies used
Manage your cookie settings
Other settings
Personal Data Protection Policy (PDPP) and Cookie Policy
LAST UPDATED ON 25/05/2018
The Personal Data Protection Policy (PDPP) and the Cookie Policy apply to all of Glamuse's websites, applications, giveaways/prize draws (the "Media") each time you (the "User") access the Media.
Data collection and purposes
GLAMUSE collects personal data on the User who accesses the Media. We collect and process your name, address, email address,  password, telephone number, IP address, connection data and navigation data, order history, preferences and interests,  products viewed, delivery incidents, complaints.
This data collection is carried out in particular when the User:
creates his customer account "My account" or logs in
places an order on our website or our application
browses the Media and views products
participates in a giveaway
contacts our Customer Service
subscribes to newsletters or notifications offered by GLAMUSE
The collected data are exclusively intended for the use of GLAMUSE. They can be transmitted to the companies subsidiaries of GLAMUSE or to the companies - subcontractors - which GLAMUSE calls upon within the framework of the execution of the services and orders, notably management, execution, processing and payment. They are necessary for the management and the follow-up of the commercial relations between GLAMUSE and its customer (management of the orders, deliveries, returns, payment, complaints, etc.). They also allow GLAMUSE to provide to the User personalized services on the Media, to send him commercial offers. GLAMUSE also uses them for statistical purposes and for the realization of charts regarding audiences and commercial activities.
GLAMUSE may have to transmit to its advertising partners data regarding the items viewed by the User during his navigation on the Media as well as the nature of his purchases if necessary, in order to display targeted advertisements on the websites of its advertising partners and on social networks, and to improve the relevance of the information offered.
GLAMUSE, a limited liability company with a capital of 250 000 euros whose registered office is located at 33 rue de Gasperich  L-5826 Hesperange (Luxembourg), is responsible for processing this data. The data can be transmitted to the companies and  subcontractors that GLAMUSE calls upon in the context of the execution of the orders and the services offered  (our payment methods or payment security providers, our logistic and delivery providers). In the case where it is required by law, your consent is collected or a possibility of refusal is offered  to you before any transmission of data.
The user is informed that this automated processing of information, in particular the management of users' email addresses, has been declared to the Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données (CNPD - French National Commission for Data Protection) under the numbers T010793 and T010794 and complies with the amended law of August 2, 2002 on the protection of persons with regard to the processing of personal data, as well as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The user has the right to access, rectify and delete personal data or to oppose their processing. Requests for clarification of personal data and/or the purpose of the processing carried out, as well as the exercise of the rights of access, rectification, opposition and deletion shall be made to the address
The user will have to precisely state their identity. The user may also contact Customer Service directly through "My Account" under the heading "Contact Customer Service". In order to comply with the user's request, Glamuse reserves the right to request proof of identity in order to ensure the legitimacy of the request.
Transfer of data outside the EU
GLAMUSE informs the User that his personal data can be transmitted to service providers located in the United States within the framework of e-mailing campaigns (see "Glamuse newsletter" below), or of management of the technical logs of the Media (see "Technical data (logs)" below). These service providers act in accordance with the European provisions relating to the protection of personal data under the "Privacy Shield" agreement.
Media Forms
The Media may ask the user to provide information through forms, for example when creating an account. In order to allow their validation, the User will have to fill in all the fields displayed in the forms which will be presented to him, except for the fields indicated as optional. The optional information given by the User allows GLAMUSE to better know its Users.
All fields marked with an asterisk are mandatory. Any failure to answer will lead to the impossibility of validating the form.
Postal address and telephone number
The postal address and the telephone number of the Customer are necessary for the processing and the management of the orders as well as the commercial relations between GLAMUSE and the Customer.
GLAMUSE uses these personal data for commercial prospecting purposes. At any time, the Customer has the possibility to oppose it in a simple and free way on the website
www.glamuse.com
(the "Site") or the iOS and Android applications (the "Applications") in the "
My Account
" section or by mail at the following address: GLAMUSE, 33 rue de Gasperich, L-5826 Hesperange, Luxembourg.
GLAMUSE can use the cell phone number of the Customer to manage the orders and can also use it for commercial prospection. At any time, the Customer has the possibility to oppose it in a simple and free way on the Site or the Application in the "
My Account
" section or by mail at the following address: GLAMUSE, 33 rue de Gasperich, L-5826 Hesperange, Luxembourg.
Glamuse Newsletter
The User can subscribe to the newsletters GLAMUSE and thus to be kept informed of the new products and offers proposed on the Site. He has at any time the possibility to adjust the information he wishes to receive or to unsubscribe by clicking on the link provided for this purpose located at the bottom of each newsletter. This link is also accessible on the Site in the "
My Account
" section.
The Customer having ordered products at GLAMUSE also benefits from the GLAMUSE newsletters in which he can be offered products and commercial offers similar to the products already ordered.
Any user subscribed to the newsletter GLAMUSE has at any time the possibility of adjusting the information which he wishes to receive or of unsubscribing by clicking on the link envisaged for this purpose located at the bottom of each newsletter. This link is also accessible on the Site in the "
My Account
" section.
During the creation of his account on the Site www.glamuse.com and later in the management of his preferences in the "
My Account
" section, the Customer or Identified User may choose to receive offers  from Glamuse.com's partners. He can at any time unsubscribe in this same section.
How long we keep your personal data
The personal data collected by GLAMUSE within the framework of the creation of account by the User and the placing of order  are preserved 5 years as from its last contact with GLAMUSE.
Certain personal data will also be preserved by GLAMUSE within the time limits which are imposed by the legislation  in order to answer its legal obligations.
Security measures taken to ensure the protection of personal data
GLAMUSE implements all technical means in accordance with the state of the art to maintain the integrity, the security, the confidentiality  of the data and in particular to prevent that they are deformed, damaged, or that unauthorized third parties have access to them.
When placing an order, no banking data is collected or stored by GLAMUSE. GLAMUSE uses the services of PCI-DSS certified service providers  to ensure the security of payments.
Technical data (logs)
Technical data on the use and operation of the Media (log files) are used solely for the security and quality of the Media (detection of any intrusions or errors). They are stored in accordance with applicable legislation. The User is informed in particular that anonymized application logs are shared with the company Sentry in the United States, which adheres to the Privacy Shield.
Cookie Policy
This policy is intended to inform users of the site about the use of cookies on the site or application. Because Glamuse attaches the greatest importance to the protection of your personal data and respect for your privacy, it is important that you know why and how Glamuse uses cookies. You can also manage your cookie settings.
Cookie Usage
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file deposited on your computer or another terminal (mobile, tablet) when you visit a website, an application or view an ad. Their purpose is to collect information relating to your navigation on the websites and to send you personalized services. In your computer the cookies are managed by your internet browser. GLAMUSE also uses the "local storage" of the browser which has the same principle of functioning as the cookies.
Why do we use cookies?
GLAMUSE uses cookies in accordance with the legislation in force. When you visit the Site or the application (hereinafter referred to as "the Site"), cookies are placed on your computer, your smartphone or your tablet. Cookies are used in email communications and push notifications. The Site is designed to be particularly attentive to the needs and expectations of our customers and cookies are used, among other things, to recognize you when you return to the Site, to allow you to access your account, to manage and remember your shopping bag even when you are not logged in to your account, to remember your visits and to personalize the offers we make. Cookies also help us to better understand the use of and traffic on the Site in order to improve its operation and navigation.
When the User browses the Site, cookies from third-party companies (e.g. advertising agencies or partners) may be deposited on your computer, tablet or smartphone in order to identify your centers of interest through the products viewed or purchased on our Site and to personalize the advertising offer that is sent to you on our Site or outside our Site.
Types of cookies used
Different types of cookies are used on our Site, they have different purposes. Some are necessary for your use of our Site.
Essential functions
These are the cookies necessary for the website to work. They allow you to use the main features of our site. Without these cookies, the site could not be displayed and/or work properly. These cookies are used, among other things, to recognize you when you return to the site and allow you to easily access your account, manage and store your shopping bag so that you do not lose it between several visits, even when not connected to your account, to memorize your product listing display settings and other personalization choices you may have made (language, for example) and ensure the security of accounts and carts. These cookies submitted by Glamuse only concern the functioning of the website and it is not possible to set or refuse their deposit.
Our partners :
Cloudflare
Google Tag Manager
Performance & web analytics
These are cookies that allow us to know the use and performance of our site and to improve its functioning and relevance (interest, usability, the operation of the proposed services on the site, etc.).
Our partners :
Firebase
Google Analytics
Microsoft Clarity
Commercial monitoring
These cookies are positioned and used exclusively by Glamuse for statistical measurements or internal commercial tracking purposes. These cookies allow you to identify website information that may be of interest to you for the purpose of personalizing your experience on our site (for example, to remind you of the latest products viewed) and benefit from promotional offers or discount coupons.
Marketing
These are cookies used to present you with advertisements or information tailored to your interests outside our site when you browse the Internet. In particular, they are used to limit the number of times you see an ad and help measure the effectiveness of an ad campaign. Refusing to accept advertising cookies will not result in the termination of advertising. This will only have the effect of displaying ads that do not take into account your centres of interest or preferences.
Our partners :
Awin
Criteo
Google Ads
Meta
Microsoft Advertising
Pinterest
TikTok
Manage your cookie settings
Glamuse provides its Users with a settings module allowing them to refuse or accept cookies or to adapt the cookie settings, as soon as they arrive on the site or application. When you visit the site or the application, by clicking on "OK" in the information banner, the use of cookies is accepted. If you choose to "decline" cookies, cookies other than essential functionality cookies will not be deposited.
The action of deleting or declining cookies also deletes the "local storage". Disabling or declining will result in preventing or limiting certain functionalities of the Site or the application allowing to personalize the services offered by GLAMUSE.
The User can click on the link "Define my settings" present in the information banner mentioning the purposes of the cookies deposited or click on the tab «
My Account
»,
  section "My Cookies". He can also change his preferences at any time via the "Cookies" link at the bottom of each page of the Site.
Other settings
In addition, the User can also configure his Internet browser to refuse the deposit of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in his browser. This refusal will have for consequence to prevent the access to certain functionalities proposed by the companies partners of GLAMUSE.
  You can also use the services of the Site Youronlinechoices.com,
  proposed by digital advertising professionals grouped within the European association EDAA
  (European Digital Advertising Alliance). This European platform is shared by hundreds of Internet advertising professionals
  and constitutes a centralized interface allowing you to express your refusal or
  your acceptance of the cookies likely to be used in order to adapt the advertisements
  likely to be displayed on your terminal to its navigation:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/controler-ses-cookies/
.