For purposes of these Terms, “Application” refers to Audio Recorder (“AR”) as the case may be.

		BY INSTALLING, USING OR ACCESSING THE APPLICATION, YOU HEREBY ACCEPT THE POLICY WITHOUT QUALIFICATION. You have also explicitly accepted the Terms and Privacy Policy following your installation of the Application and launch of the Application for the first time. If you do not agree to this Policy, do not use or access the Application, and delete it from the device on which the Application was installed (the “Device”).
No Collection of Personal Information
Audio Recorder does not gather any of your personal information while you are using the Application, except as provided for in this Policy. Where certain information is collected, it will only be used for the stated purpose.

		Under no circumstances does we collect, download or otherwise make copies of any recordings you make using the Application (hereinafter “Recordings”) and any reference to personal information in the present Policy does not include Recordings, or any personal information about you or any third party included in the Recordings.
General Information Transfer
Any information or data the Application collects may be stored locally on your device, and We may obtain information as a result of the data being sent to our servers from the Application. Additionally, you may share data between the Device and other devices via Bluetooth. You may also share data using the Application’s Share function.

		Limited Gathering of Information for Statistical Purposes

		AR may automatically collect certain information using third-party programs to help us understand how our users use the Application, but none of this information identifies you personally. Audio Recorder may use Google Firebase Analytics (see https://firebase.google.com/) or other similar services to collect such information. For more information about use of Google Firebase Analytics, please see the “Third Party Advertisements” section below.
Non-disclosure of Personal Information
We does not divulge any personal information gathered via the Application to third parties. Moreover, we does not sell any information regarding its Application users.
Third-Party Advertisements
Where you have downloaded Audio Recorder, the Application uses Google, a third party vendor, to serve advertisements in the Application, using the AdMob system (see http://www.google.com/ads/admob/). By using the Application, you consent to the delivery of these advertisements and any data collected by Google, as per the Privacy Policy of AdMob (found at http://www.admob.com/home/privacy).

		The Application makes use of Google Firebase Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting which gives certain demographic and interest information about our Application users. None of this information, however, can identify you personally. The information may be used to serve you advertisements that will be of interest to you. You can also opt out of such Google advertising at any time by visiting your Google Ads Settings page (see https://www.google.com/settings/ads).

		In addition to Google advertisements, from time to time we may allow other third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you use the Application.
Security
We use reasonable electronic, personnel, and physical measures to protect information from loss, theft, alteration, or misuse. However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Purchasing an Apple iTunes Subscription
In-app purchases are purchased from and billed by Apple iTunes. These purchases are subject to the terms and conditions of Apple iTunes. All billing and refund inquiries must be directed to Apple iTunes. We does not have access to Apple iTunes accounts or transactions. If you wish to confirm the type of subscription that has been purchased from Apple iTunes, please consult your Apple iTunes account or receipt as each subscription will have a unique billing name.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.