Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Semeevs/Privacy Policy
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
Privacy Policy
- Last updated June 29, 2022
The data controller is
Semeevs LDA, incorporated in Zona Franca da Madeira
(“Semeevs”
/
“we” /
“us”
),  a developer of games and mobile applications
(together “Applications”).  This Privacy Policy applies and has effect in respect of all Applications and other related services developed by us, including our website https://semeevs.com (together “Services”).
“
Personal data
” or “
Data
” shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
“
Data controller
” shall mean the person that determines the purposes and means of the processing.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The Privacy Policy explains the basis on which Personal Data we collect from you will be processed by us or on our behalf. We will comply with all applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. It contains important information about the following:
What Data is collected.
Purposes and legal basis for processing.
With whom may your data be shared & why?
The choices and rights you have regarding the Personal data you have provided to us.
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy in the future, which will be posted on this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
games@semeevs.com
What Data is collected
With your prior consent, we are likely to collect and process the following data in whole or in part when you use our
Applications
.
The Applications you are using.
Your IP address.
Your Mobile Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID - which are technical identifiers developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes which remain under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in through your device settings)
.
Technical information about the device you use and your connection (user agent, type of connection, timestamp)
.
Data pertaining to your activities on our Applications and notably the way in which you interact with our Applications (for instance, how and when you use our Applications) and with the advertising served in our Applications (for instance, number of ads served, potential clicks).
We are also likely to use cookies which correspond to small files containing letters and figures downloaded onto your device when you access our
A
pplications.
This data is collected via external tools (Software Development Kit or «SDK»), which are an integral part of the application.
Purposes and legal basis for processing
When you install and use Semeevs Applications, we can collect and process some of your Data for different legitimate purposes.
Semeevs collects Data to:
Provide our
A
pplications to you and
services you asked for
(e.g., knowing that you completed the first level to allow access to the second one).
Legal basis:
such data processing is strictly necessary for the service(s) asked.
To run analytics and understand how you interact with our Applications in order to continuously improve your gaming experience (e.g. identifying that a feature is annoying you or that a level is too difficult for most gamers).
Legal basis:
Express consent. Semeevs only processes or shares Personal data collected through our Applications for analytics purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in our Applications.
To serve advertising tailored to your preference and interests and allow Semeevs to continue to provide free services and Applications.
Legal basis: Express consent. Semeevs processes or shares Personal data collected through our Applications for personalized advertising purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in one of our Applications.
Communicate with you, notably when you contact us by any means whatsoever.
Term of data storage
We store Personal Data no longer than is necessary to provide you with our Services. Beyond this term, your anonymous data may be stored solely for statistical use and will not be exploited, in any nature whatsoever.
With whom may your data be shared & why?
Semeevs does not share your Personal data with third parties without your prior consent. We may share the data listed above
only in the ways that are described in this policy:
We may disclose your information to our personnel, contractors and their subsidiaries (e.g., for advertising - that allows us to provide you with free Applications and services; or for analytics - that provide us with tools and technologies that allow us to better understand how you interact with our services and  to make your experience playing our Applications more rewarding; for game developing).
Such parties undertake to act in compliance with all applicable data protection laws.
We use a number of third parties for advertising. These include:
Adcolony -
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Adverty -
https://adverty.com/privacy-policy-2021
Applovin  -
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Facebook -
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
InMobi -
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
IronSource -
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mintegral -
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
MoPub -
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
Pangle -
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Tapjoy -
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/players/users-terms-of-service/
Unity -
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle -
https://vungle.com/privacy/
The third-party partners that we also share the data with are:
Adjust -
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
GameAnalytics -
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/
Voodoo -
https://www.voodoo.io/privacy
email:
dpo@voodoo.io
Voodoo does not collect any of your Personal data, and only provides an SDK package to retrieve the data collected by the above mentioned partners. You can still contact them to request the deletion of their accesses to the partners’ interfaces.
Supersonic Studios Ltd. -
https://supersonic.com/privacy-policy
AppsFlyer -
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy
As required by law
, as part of legal proceedings, a dispute and/or request issued by the public authorities in your country of residence or otherwise;
I
f disclosure is necessary for national security, application of legislation or any other matter of public interest
.
Data transfer
Your Data may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
This means that when we collect your Personal data, we may process it in other countries. However, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place so that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Personal data concerning children
We
do not knowingly collect any personal data concerning children under 1
6
years old.
In the unlikely event that we have (or you believe we have) collected information from a child, please contact us by emailing
games@semeevs.com
where we will take all necessary steps to purge the data from our systems.
What rights do you have?
You have the following rights over how we process your personal data. We endeavour to respond to any request within 1 calendar month.
To issue a formal request, please email
games@semeevs.com
with your device advertising identifier.
Consent withdrawal and opt-out of sale of information
If you wish to opt out of targeted advertising, or collection of non-essential analytical data, you can do so by accessing the individual Application settings.
You can also withdraw your consent and prevent further Data collection by deleting our Applications.
Please note that Semeevs does not sell your Personal data, but we may share it with third parties only in the ways that are described above in this policy.
Right to access and/or delete your Data
Upon request, Semeevs will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal data. You may access or request deletion of your Personal data by emailing:
games@semeevs.com
- if applicable, please include your device advertising identifier.
You can also reset your mobile advertising identifier (IDFA on iOS, Google AAID on Android) or activate “Limit Ad Tracking” in your device’ settings in order to make previously collected data non linkable to you or your device anymore and limit further data collection if you choose to enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” option.
If you want to request the deletion of the data that may have been collected about you or your device by our third-party partners that are acting as independent data controllers, above you will find the link to the relevant section of their privacy policies.
Right to request rectification of your Data if incorrect.
You are entitled to request that your data be amended, updated or completed when inaccurate, incorrect, incomplete or obsolete.
Right to data portability
Upon request, Semeevs will provide you with the Personal data that you provided to us and, if possible, will communicate this information directly to another data controller of your choice in a portable format when the processing is based on consent or contract.
Right to make a complaint
You have the right to make a complaint to a supervisory authority. You should contact us first so that we can attempt to resolve your issue. You can do this by emailing:
games@semeevs.com
- if applicable, please include your device advertising identifier.
Reasons you may wish to do this include:
If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data.
You feel that we have not adequately responded to your request for deletion or gaining a copy of your data.
Due to the obligation of security and confidentiality in Data processing incumbent upon
us
, your request will be processed subject that you provide proof of your identity, notably by producing a scanned copy of a valid identity document or a signed photocopy of a valid identity document.
Personal data security
We take all necessary security measures so as to prevent as far as practically possible any alteration or loss of your data or any unauthorised access thereunto.
Despite all of the precautions and preventive measures we take, no security system or precaution can be 100% secure. If we do ever discover a breach of your personal data, we will notify you as soon as we can.
Contact information
If you have any questions, comments, or other queries, please don’t hesitate to contact us using the email address of
games@semeevs.com
.
We endeavour to respond to any request within 1 calendar month.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1741974364043687&usg=AOvVaw3662vXpBJIk7meTwS1mdOE:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste