PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated:
April
6
, 202
3
This Privacy Policy describes how
Paint.ly
protect your privacy when you use our services which includes the Web site and mobile phone applications
Please read this Policy and the Terms of Service
carefully
.
By choosing to use our Apps or Services, you acknowledge that your personal information may be used pursuant to this Policy. If you do not feel comfortable with any part of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. Personal information does not include technical, device, or usage information that cannot be used to identify you personally, nor does it include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Services or about a group or category of Services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information have been removed. This Privacy Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate and non-personal information, and we may share such data about our users with third parties for various purposes.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We respect the privacy of every individual who uses our Services. We collect certain personal information that you voluntarily provide to us. For example, we collect your name, email address, user name, social network information and other information you provide when you register, set up an account, contact us by e-mail or use our services. We may also obtain information from other companies and combine that with the information we collect on the Services.
We may collect data that is necessary for your use of our application and for us to maintain and analyze the functionality of the application and to personalize the content of the application.
We automatically obtain certain information about your computing device, including IP address; country code; time zone; IDFV, language; network status (WiFi, etc.) ; platform, SDK version, timestamp; technical device information (such as device model and name , OS name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, software API key identifier for the application, push notification token. While some of this information (eg IDFA, IDFV, IP address) may uniquely identify your device, this information does not personally identify you . Certain legislation, such as the United States, may consider information that uniquely identifies your device to be personal information.
We may also collect personally identifiable information about you (such as your first and last name, email address) , and non-personally identifiable information (such as age range ) that you provide to us by using our applications or contacting us directly by and gender) email .
We will only use the contact information you provide to us (for example, your name and email address ) for the purposes for which you provide it to us. We do not share this data with third parties.
If you wish to have the contact information we have received in response to your specific email inquiry removed, please email and your email will be deleted from our database.
With your permission (on download or in the app), we may access and store the Content (your user name) you provided while using our Mobile applications and Site.
LOGIN DATA
In order to share your content within apps and services where such an option is provided you will be asked to log in.
If you connect your Facebook, Apple ID,
G
oogle
Account
or other third-party accounts to one of our apps, we use information from those accounts (like your username or profile picture). You can choose to stop sharing this information with us at any time by going to Facebook or other third-party accounts and removing our access.
TECHNICAL INFORMATION
When you use a website or mobile application like ours, certain internet and network activity information gets generated and logged automatically. These are the types of technical information we collect:
Log data. Our servers passively keep an electronic record of your interactions with our apps, which we call "log data". For example, when you visit our website, sign into our services, or browse content, we collect data about these interactions that includes where you navigate within our website and apps, your IP address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your visit, search terms, which elements of our site and services you use the most, device data, and cookie data. We use log data to operate our services, maintain security, ensure reliable performance, and improve your experience.
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect some information. Such information includes the type of browser you use, your browser’s language, access time or the website from which you linked to us. We also collect information about your computer's operating system and information about your usage and activity on the Site.
Cookie data. We use "cookies" and similar technologies to collect log data and operate our services. You can learn more about how we use cookies in "COOKIES" below.
Device data. We collect and combine data about the devices you use to access our apps and services, and data about your device usage and activity.
Metadata of visual information. We collect the metadata linked to your content. For example, your images may be accompanied by additional content like a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords), comments. This makes your content more searchable by others and more interactive.
All this information is only used to assist us in providing an effective service. We may, from time to time, supply the owners and operators of third party websites and mobile applications which have a link to our site or application with information about the number of users of our Site or Mobile. You cannot be identified from any of this information.
SERVICE DATA
When you file a complaint, grievance or consultation with us, in order to facilitate contact with you or help you solve problems, we may need you to provide your name, mobile phone number, and email address. If you refuse to provide the above information, we may not be able to respond to complaints, appeals or consultation results in a timely manner.
Thank
You understand and agree that some individual services may require you to enable specific access permissions in your device to realize the collection and use of information involved in these permissions:
When you use Paint.ly's additional business functions, in order to meet the purpose of providing you with the products and services, in addition to registration information, you may also need to further provide us with your device identification information and other services necessary for you If you do not use specific products and services, you do not need to provide relevant information (will be explained in detail below).
C
amera webcam add-on.
If
y
ou are in the camera, video, we refuse to provide this information due to sensitive information will only make you unable to save your work, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of our products.
After you turn on the permission to install other apps in the app, you allow us to download other apps in our products.
After you enable the storage permission, you allow us to access, read, modify or delete your storage space, and implement corresponding services and other functions through caching.
COOKIES
We automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies". Cookies are small data files that are stored locally. We use cookies to collect information about your device, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report information to our branded partners.
We may store some information locally when you visit the Site or use Services. This information facilitates your use of the site or Sevices, personalizes your experience, and helps us to remember your preferences. The information stored in a cookie provides features that recognize your account as logged on and other Site or Serveces features. We do not have any control over cookies which our advertisers or branded partners may use.
SECURITY
The technology that we use and the policies that we have implemented are intended to safeguard your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use. We will continue to update these measures as new technology becomes available. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures. If you use a password on our Services, you are responsible for keeping it confidential. Do not share it with any other person. If you believe your password has been misused or your account compromised, please advise us immediately.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use personal information and service data collected through the Services:
l
to communicate with you or third parties;
l
to process your requests and transactions;
l
to improve the Services;
l
to customize the services and/or products we provide to you;
l
to assist with our product and service development;
l
to perform marketing activities;
l
to provide relevant advertising;
l
and for other purposes related to our business.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information (and non-personal information) collected through the Services may be shared with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf (for example, companies that provide data management or other support services to us such as data storage and Web hosting services). We may share your personal information (and non-personal information) with third parties to serve you relevant advertising and market our products, but we won't sell your personal information.
Also, we may disclose the personal information we collect through the Services when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to:
l
comply with applicable law (e.g., in response to a valid court order or subpoena);
l
prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft;
l
enforce or to apply our Terms of Service and other agreements;
l
to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others;
l
or to protect your vital interests.
We do not disclose your images, which you have uploaded for editing and manipulation to any of the Services unless you provide explicit consent to show your images at our Site, Mobile and other Services, or at third party services.
Your personal information and other data collected by us may be transferred to another company that has acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company's use of your personal information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy.
MODIFYING YOUR INFORMATION — OPT-OUT/OPT-IN
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your personal information. You may update or modify your information or change your privacy preferences at any time via our Services. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, including, but not limited to, promotional emails, by clicking a special unsubscribe link in the e-mail or other Content from us. Transactional service communications (such as messages about your registration) are not subject to the foregoing opt-out procedures.
REMOVE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you connect your Facebook, Apple ID, or other third-party accounts to one of our apps, you can choose to stop sharing this information with us at any time by going to Facebook or other third-party accounts and unlinking your account from our app.
LINKS, HOSTED SITES & ADVERTISERS
We do not have any control over the privacy practices of any external websites linked from the Site or Mobile (or any of the websites that are hosted on our server and aren't affiliated with us). Therefore you should review their privacy policies separately from ours and know that we in no way have any control over their practices.
Third party advertisers may collect certain information that is available to them through your interaction with their advertisements.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that we think materially alter your rights, then we will post the latest policy to this site. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Services to understand how your personal information is used.
CONTACT US
For any questions about our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please email us at
service@tapque.com