BMG
Slideshow Magic
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
One Month Subscription $1.99 a month — Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
- Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase
- No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication.
- You can manage or turn off auto-renew in your Apple ID account settings any time after purchase.
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period for $1.99 per month.
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase.
- Any unused portion of a free trial period will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication.
Our mobile app operates on user data according to the following policy:
1. Our app does not collect or store any personal user information (e-mail, name, address, demographic data, etc.).
3. Our app use Firebase Analytics SDK to collect basic information about the app usage. The exact information collected by Fabric and privacy policy for this information can be found here:
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/.
If you wish to disallow Crashlytics Analytics, you can add “crashlytics.com” domain to your blocking rules.
4. The information sent from your device to our API includes the following information:
— the unique ID of the installation — used to assign specific configuration to your device,
— the domain name you’ve tried to access — only in case this domain is matched by any of our predefined blocking rules or your custom blocking rules,
The requests sent to our API can additionally disclose your Internet IP address and the “User-Agent” field identifying verson of the app performing this request.
We do not store or use this information in any way. Our servers are configured not to log requests used for downloading the predefined domain list.
COOKIES
We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a “cookie” file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. We will use the persistent cookies to enable our website to recognise you when you visit.
We use cookies to make your use of our website easier. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our website. For instance, by allowing a cookie from our website, you would not have to set your currency or language preferences each time you used our website, thereby saving time while on our website. As such, cookies allow you to get the most out of our website. In addition, as the cookie is stored on your computer, the data gathered by the cookie remains under your control. Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some features of this and other websites. We therefore recommend you permit the use of cookies when using our website.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
​
Murphy Brantley built the Slideshow Magic app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Murphy Brantley and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Slideshow Magic unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Firebase Analytics
Fabric
Crashlytics
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.
This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator