Privacy Policy
Processing of personal data
The users of the GoZem app grant their consent for the processing of their
personal data during the installation of the GoZem app.
Your personal data is collected and processed by the company, GoZem
Pte. Ltd. GoZem Pte. Ltd. only collects and processes the personal data
submitted by the users in the course of installation and use of the GoZem
app. A user's disclosure of geographical location data is a precondition for
using the GoZem app.
1. What type of personal data we collect and process
Name, telephone number, e-mail address, user profile image, feedback ratings and/or
payment information of the app user;
Geographical location of the user, the time of provision of service and
the destination;
Identification data of the device on which the GoZem app has been
installed;
Cookies of the
GoZem.co
website may save the website user's
geographic location data and other available web browsing data.
2. The purpose of collecting and the period of processing of
personal data
We collect and process personal data for the purpose of matching up
a user with a driver;
We forward the data on geographical location and telephone number
of the user to the driver to enable us decide whether the user is
located nearby;
We may use the personal data to resolve driver´s service quality
issues;
We use contact details to notify you of updates to the GoZem app;
We collect data of the routes taken by the GoZem app users to
analyse the geographic coverage in order to make recommendations
to the drivers.
We may use your data for advertising and marketing purposes,
including sending electronic commercial communications for services
that we, our parent company, and our business partners may offer
you.
3. The method of collecting personal data
We collect data on the names, telephone numbers and/or e-mail
addresses of Gozem app users during the process of the installation
of the Gozem app;
We only collect data on the geographic location if the Gozem app has
been activated;
The collection of geographic location data stops after the Gozem app
is closed in the user's device.
4. Disclosure of personal data to third parties
The personal data of users is only disclosed to those drivers who
have activated the Gozem app; in such case, they will see the name,
telephone number and geographic location of the user;
After providing the service, the name of the user may remain visible
to the driver. This is necessary for drivers to resolve any issues
associated with service provision, e.g., to contact the user if an item
was left behind in the car;
The feedback on the quality of the service is anonymous and drivers
do not receive information on the names and telephone numbers of
the users who provided feedback;
We may disclose your personal data to service providers for the
purposes set out in this privacy policy;
We may transfer your personal data for commercial and direct
marketing purposes to business partners or affiliates;
Depending on the location of the user, the personal data may be
handed over to the relevant local entities providing GoZem app
services. Any collection and processing of personal data by local
GoZem service providers shall occur under the same conditions as
established in this privacy policy.
We shall be entitled to disclose your personal data if we are required
by any regulatory body or Government authority or official or any
security agency for the purposes of conducting an investigation into
an alleged crime.
5. Security and deletion of data
Any personal data collected in the course of providing the GoZem
service is transferred to and stored in the data centres located in the
territory of England. Only authorised employees of GoZem and local
service providers have access to the personal data and they may
access the data only for the purpose of resolving issues associated
with the use of the GoZem app (including disputes with the drivers);
GoZem takes all necessary precautions to ensure the confidentiality
and security of the personal data processed and to prevent
tampering, corruption or access by unauthorized persons.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not
completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal
data, we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to
our sites. Once we have received your information, we will seek to
prevent unauthorized access, using strict procedures and security
features.
Please note that uninstalling the GoZem app from your device does
not terminate your account and therefore does not delete your
personal data. If you wish to delete your personal data collected by
GoZem, please send a written request to close your account and
delete the personal data by e-mail. Keep in mind that the request to
delete personal data is only possible if we delete your account. As a
result, you will no longer be able to use GoZem services under your
existing account. After the deletion, the personal data will be
anonymized and used for analytics only.
If you presume that we (or any other GoZem entity processing your
personal data) carry such processing in contradiction with your
personal rights or in contradiction with the law, in particular if the
personal data is inaccurate, you may:
a) ask us (and/or any other GoZem entity processing your
personal data) for an explanation;
b) require us (and/or any other GoZem entity processing your
personal data) to remedy the arisen state of affairs (in particular
by blocking, correction or supplementing of personal data);
c) appeal directly to the respective data protection authority
having the jurisdiction over your personal data.
6. Direct marketing
We may use your e-mail address and phone number for sharing our
product related marketing messages. If you no longer wish to receive
direct marketing messages, please click the "Unsubscribe from direct
marketing messages" link in the header of our e-mail or Profile
section of GoZem mobile App.
7. Personal data of taxi drivers
The personal data of drivers are treated in accordance with the
General Conditions of Drivers which prevail in case of conflict on this
privacy policy.
We collect and process the personal data of drivers for the following
purposes:
To enable the normal operation of the GoZem App;
To deliver the GoZem Services to their attention and that of the
Clients;
To check their qualifications to perform this professional
activity;
detect fraudulent behavior;
To manage the contractual relationships associated with
GoZem;
To send electronic commercial communications for services
that we, our parent company and our business partners may
offer you; and
To conduct statistical studies for advertising and marketing
purposes.
Any collection and processing of personal data of drivers by local
GoZem´s service providers shall occur under the same conditions as
established in this privacy policy.
Using the GoZem app with dispatch feature, a service operator can
see the geographic location of a driver, information on dispatches and
the times of using the service.