Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Further details can be reviewed here.
Effective date:  March 21, 2018
At Calligraphy Crush Magazine,  (“Calligraphy Crush”) we are committed to respecting your privacy choices and being transparent about what information we collect from you and how we use that information. We do not share, sell, license, trade, or read your personal information to others except in the ways explained in this privacy policy.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to help you understand:
Why we collect personally identifiable information;
What personally identifiable information we collect;
How we use that information, including how the information is stored and whether we share the information with third parties; and
Your choices regarding our collection, use and distribution of your information
Your consent to this privacy policy
By using this website you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
What information does Calligraphy Crush collect?
We collect two types of information
personally identifiable information
and
anonymous information.
Generally speaking, you can visit this website without identifying who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
Personally identifiable information
is information that specifically identifies a particular user such as name, email address or phone number.
Anonymous information
is information that cannot be connected to the identity of a specific individual. For example, a site may record the number of visits to a particular page that occur in a given period of time, but that does not necessarily provide the names or other identifying information of each visitor.
When you {subscribe to our newsletter, place an order for our products or services, or enroll in one of our courses, we collect certain information to process your request for information and/or products/services.
What are cookies and how are they used
?
Cookies are small data files, typically made up of a string of text, that assign you a unique identifier. This information enables our website to receive information from your computer to provide a more tailored and user-friendly experience for you.  For example, if you login to our site we may be able to personalize your experience by recognizing your name when you return to the site, save your login and your password, or enable a shopping cart. Our newsletters may use cookies to measure the effectiveness of our marketing efforts (for example, tracking the clicks on the links in our emails and newsletters) or we may use cookies to determine the number of times website visitors have accessed a particular area or page on the website. Most web browsers have a function that allows you to delete existing cookies on your device or you can set your browser option so that your device does not receive or accept cookies.
How does Calligraphy Crush use the information we collect?
Non-personally identifiable information
We may use non-personally identifiable information, like data about the most visited site pages or the duration of certain site page visits that are not tied to a specific site user, to maintain, improve, and protect our site and our product and service offerings.
Personally identifiable information
When you sign up for our newsletter, we use the name and email address that you provided to subscribe to our newsletter and/or our email list. We will send you periodic newsletters and/or emails. We store the name and email address that you provided in an SSL encrypted database.
When you purchase a digital product or our services we use the personal information you provide to process the transaction and deliver your digital product and/or service, and to provide you customer service as necessary. We store this information in an SSL encrypted database
Blog / Forum
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs and/or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, you may email us at support@calligraphycrush.com. We may or may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Social Media Widgets
Our website includes several social media features, including [Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Google+, YouTube, Instagram, Linked In, etc.} buttons. These Features may collect your IP address, the pages you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the features.
Is my personally identifiable information secure?
The security of your personally identifiable information is extremely important to Calligraphy Crush. We use PayPal, Square, Stripe, or Quickbooks to process your purchases of our products and services. Your information is stored in an SSL encrypted database.
Be sure to keep in mind that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic or physical server storage is 100% secure. While we value the privacy and security of your personal information, we cannot guarantee against or prevent potential security breaches, nor can we assure you that the personally identifiable information that you provide us will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this privacy policy.
If you have any reason to believe that the security of your information has been compromised, please email us immediately at support@calligraphycrush.com.
Does Calligraphy Crush share my personal information with third parties?
Except in situations described in the next paragraph, we will not sell or give any personally identifiable information to any third parties.
We may however be required by law enforcement or judicial authority to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities. If requested by law-enforcement or judicial authorities, we will provide this information on receipt of the appropriate documentation. We may also release information to law-enforcement agencies or other third parties if we feel it is necessary to protect the safety and welfare of our personnel or to enforce our Terms of Use.
Does this website comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act?
Yes. We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Use of this site by anyone under the age of 13 is prohibited.
Opt-out
If at anytime you do not wish to receive offers or emails from us, you must tell us in order for the communications to stop.  You may do this by either clicking the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of our emails or you may contact us directly by sending an email to support@calligraphycrush.com.
How will I be notified of changes to this privacy policy?
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. If we make a material change to this policy, we will post the changes on this privacy policy webpage and may also inform you of the changes by other means such as our newsletter or in a direct email containing the update.
What if I have questions about this Privacy Policy or Terms of Use?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, Please direct your questions to Calligraphy Crush using the information below:
Maureen Vickery, Owner
Calligraphy Crush Magazine
14027 Memorial Drive #198
Houston, TX  77079
support@calligraphycrush.com
281-558-7856
Interested in calligraphy, brush lettering, and handwriting classes?
Sign up for our newsletter to be notified of upcoming classes both online and in the Houston, Texas area.
First Name
Email Address
*
Website
Thank you for signing up!
Please check your email and click the link provided to confirm your subscription.
Free Sample Issue!
Enter your name and email to access our
free sample issue!
First Name
*
Email Address
*
Website
Subscribe
Thank you!
You're all signed up for weekly updates!