Privacy and Data Protection Policy
Privacy and Data Protection Policy WEIQ
Thank you for using our service (“Service”). The service is provided by MEIQ Systems AB, based in Sweden, Kungsgatan 6, 211 49 Malmö (“WEIQ”, “We”).
Company registration number: 559148-4380
We value your personal privacy, and it is important to us that you feel secure about how we handle your personal data. We are fully transparent about how we collect, process, and share the information we store about you. We never sell your personal data to third parties without your consent.
We believe it is a good thing that a regulation has been established at the European level aimed at improving and clarifying the handling of personal data for our users. A clear purpose of the regulation is to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals, especially your right to the protection of personal data.
In this policy, we want to explain how we collect and use your personal data, as well as how you can access, edit, and delete it. It is important for us that you, as a user, read through and understand this policy. You can always contact us at privacy@weiq.tech or at our address Kungsgatan 6, 211 49 Malmö, if you have any questions regarding data and privacy protection.
Why do we collect information about you?
We need to process your personal data in accordance with this policy so that our service can function in the best possible way. Some personal data is also used to provide the best possible service and support. Some personal data is used by connected Sellers to, for example, send receipts or important information to you as a user. We do this with the utmost respect for your privacy and your rights and freedoms.
What information do we collect and why?
The personal data we collect from you includes:
Data
Purpose
Device Identifier
We create an ID for your device, such as a mobile phone or tablet, when you register with WEIQ. We do this using something called an FCM token. This allows us to distinguish you as a user from another user.
Email
We need your email address to, by law, be able to send you a receipt. The email address can also be used to communicate with you as a customer, as well as for targeted offers from, for example, bars, restaurants, hotels, and events. These targeted messages are optional. You can choose to opt-in via a checkbox when you enter your email address, and you can easily email STOP to info@weiq.tech or click on the link in an email to unsubscribe from communications.
If you make purchases from selected sellers, you may also be given the option in the app to register your email address for a customer loyalty program. In this case, your email will also be used for this purpose.
Profile picture (optional)
The profile picture is used to help our stores identify you when, for example, they are delivering your order to your table.
Payment Information
We need your payment information (card number, expiration date, and CVV code) to process the purchase. We do not store this information, but instead, send it to one of our Data Processors (Adyen), who provides us with an encrypted token to access your details when you want to complete a purchase.
Location Information
When you use the service and have consented to allow us to access your location information, we use this data to show which store you are visiting in the app.
Order Information and Purchase History
By law, we are required to provide accounting documentation to our stores. This information must be stored for seven (7) years according to the law.
Phone number
Phone numbers are used by affiliated Sellers to send receipts to your mobile phone and to contact you regarding a purchase or an order. Phone numbers should not be used for marketing purposes.
How Do We Collect Information?
You may directly or indirectly provide us with information about yourself in several ways. This can be through you entering information when you make a purchase in our application, or by providing information to an affiliated Seller. For example, you may give your email address or phone number when making a purchase.
When you make a purchase, we store this information for legal purposes, such as accounting documentation. We also store and display the information to the respective store/merchant for the possibility of, for example, making returns.
Where do we process the data?
Data processor
Purpose
Merchants/Sellers
The sellers who offer WEIQ in their environment will have access to certain personal data in order to process the order. Some personal data is used to deliver the order, while other data is used to comply with laws related to, for example, accounting. Some merchants will use your email address to send targeted communications. You have the right to opt out of these communications by simply replying “STOP” to the emails or sending “STOP” to info@weiq.tech. The personal data involved includes: Phone number, email address, and purchase history for the respective store/seller.
AWS
We use Amazon Web Services to store personal data. The personal data involved includes: Phone number, email address, payment information token, order information, and purchase history.
G-Suite
We use G-Suite as our email server. Some matters communicated via email will therefore pass through G-Suite as a data processor. The personal data involved depends on the support case or other correspondence.
Mailgun & Mailjet
We use Mailgun & Mailjet to send communications to our users. This may include important contract information, newsletters, targeted offers, or other information to users who have made purchases through the system. The personal data involved is email address.
Slack
We use a communication system called Slack for our internal communication and support. Since we handle support cases, such as contact from our website, via Slack, it may access potential personal data depending on the support case. The personal data involved depends on the case.
Adyen & Swish
We use Adyen & SWISH to carry out transactions in the most secure way. The personal data involved includes your phone number. We do not send any other information to Adyen or SWISH beyond what you provide during payment.
Intermail
Some selected restaurants use a loyalty system from Intermail. You may therefore be offered an option in the app to register your purchase in a loyalty club. Your email address will then be shared with Intermail so the purchase can be registered to your loyalty club account.
We are happy to share our Data Processor Agreements. Please contact privacy@weiq.tech. We always strive to process your data within the EU/EEA. However, in certain situations, data may be transferred to and processed in countries outside the EU/EEA by another supplier or subcontractor. When this occurs, all reasonable legal, technical, and organizational measures are taken to ensure that your data is handled securely and with an adequate level of protection in accordance with GDPR.
Who Might We Share Your Information With?
To provide our service, we need help from some other companies. In accordance with GDPR, data processing agreements have been established with all data processors. We are happy to share these agreements with each data processor. Please email privacy@weiq.tech to obtain this information.
Authorities
: WEIQ may be required to provide necessary information to authorities such as the police, the tax agency, or other authorities if required by law or if you have consented to such actions. One example of a legal obligation to provide information is in measures against money laundering and terrorist financing.
How Long Do We Retain Your Information?
We retain data as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, or to carry out our commitments, and as long as required by statutory retention periods, particularly regarding accounting requirements. You may choose to delete your account, and in this case, only data that is legally required to be retained will be stored. This is done only as long as necessary. We have clear procedures for how we manage data minimization.
We have the right to remove information and users who do not comply with the law or who are considered to be violating, offensive, and/or not following the policy. Our responsibility does not exclude users from being accountable for what they publish.
What Happens in the Event of a Data Breach or Personal Data Incident?
If a serious data breach or personal data incident occurs, we will immediately notify all affected parties via email, as well as the Data Inspectorate.
Your Rights to Access, Rectification, and Deletion
Your data is your data. Therefore, we want to inform you that you can request:
Access to your data
Right to rectification
Right to deletion, and
Right to data portability
Please contact privacy@weiq.tech, and we will assist you.
Personuppgiftsansvarig
MEIQ Systems AB, registration number 559148-4380, is the Data Controller and thus determines the purposes for which the data will be processed and how the processing will be carried out.
Contact Person
We ensure that your personal data is always protected with us and that processing follows both applicable data protection regulations and internal guidelines and procedures. We have also appointed a contact person to oversee compliance with these rules. See contact details below.
Policy Updates
We may update this policy. This policy supersedes any previous versions.
Contact Information
If you have feedback regarding this policy, please feel free to reach out!
Name
: MEIQ Systems AB
Org. No.
: 559148-4380
Website
:
https://weiq.tech
Email address
: info@weiq.tech
Phone
: +4610-641 21 44
Address
: Kungsgatan 6, 211 49, Malmö (Sweden)
Contact Person
Name
: Henrik Norrman (MEIQ Systems AB)
Email address
: henrik.norrman@weiq.tech
Contact Information for the Data Inspectorate (Supervisory Authority in Sweden)
Email address
: datainspektionen@datainspektionen.se
Phone
: 08-657 61 00
Last updated
: November 25, 2024.