Privacy policy
nsoud2008
2021-12-31T19:36:12+00:00
This Privacy Policy governs our data practices in connection with your use of the Best Apps.
The Best Apps (hereinafter: ‘App’ or ‘Apps’) are created by Best Apps.
Best Apps is a app development company and app publisher. We deliver top ranked Apps to world wide Apple app store. Our Apps are created for numerous different devices (phone, tablet, watch, tv etc.). We create Apps that can be downloaded freely, functioning on the basis of an advertising model. For many of our Apps, we also create a paid version that does not contain advertising. In general, if you do not want us to use your data to tailor the ads that are displayed within the App, you can choose to use a version that does not contain advertising.
By using the App, you are consenting to our processing of data as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Our terms for the use of Apps apply to your use of the Apps.
For our Math App “Math Solver problem answers” :
We do not collect ,disclose , share, store or sell any data from our this App, for our Math app with face tracking data, we also do not collect any face data and we do not collect ,disclose , share, store or sell any data in any way, face tracking in our App is only used inside the app only to catch the eye blink for the user to capture a math problem when user active eye blink mode only, the user data is not stored , collected or shared there is no data collection in any way, also our Math app does not include any advertisements it is a subscription based app, there is no saved data from this app at all.
We confirm that there is no data shared or sent to any third party —such as analytics tools, advertising networks and third-party SDKs, as well as any parent, subsidiary or other related entities that will not have any access to user data. We have only Wolfarm alpha as third-party to provide only math answers and they have no access at all to any data and they do not receive any data from our App at all.
Permission :
Our App do no collect any data or share
Data Minimization: Our
App only request access to data relevant to the core functionality of the app and do not collect or send any data in any way
Data Use and Sharing :
our app Do not share or use any data outside the App, only used within the app like eye blink to capture a math problem and the App do not store any of these data.
1. What data do our Apps obtain?
1.1 In general we do not collect any data, if there is any collected data it is used for the App only
2.1 If there any data is used by our Apps it is only for the App use, such as location data, or such as face recognition, or any other data, it is only for the App use and never used from our side in any way
2.2 The paid versions of our Apps generally do not contain advertising and will not use your data for this purpose. In the Apps that do not contain advertising, the data collection software will still collect data but will not use it to serve you interest-based advertising.
a. Automatically Collected Data – The Apps collect certain data automatically, such as: the type of device you use, device identifiers, such as the resettable advertising identifier assigned to your device, the IP address of your device, geographical data such as the location of your device, your operating system, Wi-Fi mac address in your area, the type of internet browsers you use, data connection status and success/failure of connection, and data about the way you use the App, and other non-personal data as reasonably required by us to enhance our services. If you activated ‘Location’ in the settings of your device and allowed the App to collect data about the precise location of your device, the App will collect such data. Furthermore, we may collect location data using network triangulation, GPS and Wi-Fi IP address to determine your general device location. We also may collect location data and other diagnostic data through the Apps for network analytics and troubleshooting purposes.
b. User Provided Data – The App obtains the data you provide when you download and use the App. We may ask that you provide: (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration data; (b) transaction-related data, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use Apps from us; (c) data you provide us when you contact us for help; and (d) data you enter into our system when using the App, such as contact data.
c. We may also get data from other sources and may combine it with data collected about you.
2. Data Sharing and Advertising
2.1 To the extent feasible, we only use your data in an anonymized, hashed or obfuscated way. We only use personally identifiable information to the extent required to provide our services.
2.2 We may share your data with third parties in the ways that are described in this Privacy Statement. We may disclose your data (a) as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, (b) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, (c) with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the data we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement, and (d) with third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below.
2.3 We may use and share the data, including the Automatically Collected Data and the User Provided Data, in an anonymized, hashed or obfuscated way for purposes of advertisement by us or our partners. We do not pass any personally identifiable data to ad networks or advertisers. The data may be used for the purpose of serving users advertisements based on particular users’ presumed interests, and also to present advertisements in third-party applications or other platforms. We work with advertisers and third party advertising companies that collect data about how you interact with advertising and content provided in the App, which helps us keep the cost of the App free. Advertisers and advertising companies use some of the data collected by the App, including the advertising identifier assigned to your device to serve advertisements that are targeted to your interests in the App. These third parties may also obtain anonymous data about other applications you’ve downloaded to your device, the websites and applications you visit, and your location in order to help analyse user behaviour and serve targeted advertising on the App and on other applications and websites. We may use and share your location data to provide you with localized data, including localized advertising, within the App. To learn how to opt out of the use of data collected from the App for targeted advertising purposes, please see the ‘Managing Your Data’ section of this Privacy Policy.
2.4 We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the App is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage.
2.5 If you have allowed us to collect data about your precise location by activating ‘Location’ in the settings of your device, we may share it with our ad network partners in order to tailor the ads that are displayed within the App.
2.6 The paid versions of our Apps generally do not contain advertising and will not use your data for this purpose. In the Apps that do not contain advertising, the data collection software will still collect data but will not use it to serve you interest-based advertising.
3. Managing Your Data
3.1 You can stop all collection of data by the App easily by uninstalling the App. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your device or via the application marketplace or network.
3.2 You may at any time opt-out from further allowing the App to have access to your precise location data by deactivating ‘Location’ in the privacy settings on your device.
3.3 Most modern devices provide advertising identifiers. These identifiers have different names depending on the brand of your device. For example, they are called Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA) on iOS/Apple devices, and Google Advertising ID (GAID) on Android devices. These operating systems let you see your advertising identifier in the settings of your device, and you control how it is used. It includes options for you to change your identifier and opt out of cross-app advertising. The features or functionality hereof may change at the discretion of the operating systems. To opt out of the use of data collected by our advertising partners across different applications to serve ads that are targeted to your interests, please consult the settings available on your device (for instance ‘Limit Ad Tracking’ on your iOS/Apple device and ‘Opt out of interest-based ads’ on your Android device).
3.4 The NAI and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) offer opt-out tools to assist you in managing your choices for participating companies. For more data about these tools please visit: http://bestapps.co or http://bestapps.co
4. Business Transfers
4.1 Data about you may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, or sale of company assets. In the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, your data may also be transferred as a business asset.
5. Children
5.1 We do not use the Apps to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with data without their consent, he or she should contact us at info@bestapps.co . We will delete or anonymize such data from our files within a reasonable time.
6. Security
6.1 We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your personal data. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect data we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this data to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that data in order to operate, develop or improve our Apps. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for personal data we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. As stated above, we use anonymization techniques in order to limit the use of personally identifiable information as much as possible.
7. Data Retention Policy
7.1 We will retain User Provided Data for as long as you use the App and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected data for up to 12 months and thereafter we may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the App, please contact us at info@bestapps.coand we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the App to function properly.
8. Changes
8.1 This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here: http://bestapps.co/privacy-policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
If you have any questions, please contact us at info@bestapps.co
all our apps have free subscriptions for 3 days !
جميع تطبيقاتنا لها اشتراكات مجانية لمدة 3 أيام!
แอพทั้งหมดของเรามีการสมัครรับข้อมูลฟรี 3 วัน!
Alle unsere Apps haben 3 Tage kostenlose Abonnements!
toutes nos applications ont des abonnements gratuits pendant 3 jours !
すべてのアプリには3日間の無料サブスクリプションがあります！
¡todas nuestras aplicaciones tienen suscripciones gratuitas durante 3 días!
우리의 모든 앱은 3일 동안 무료로 구독할 수 있습니다!
tất cả các ứng dụng của chúng tôi đều có đăng ký miễn phí trong 3 ngày!
tüm uygulamalarımızın 3 gün boyunca ücretsiz abonelikleri var!
alle appene våre har gratis abonnement i 3 dager!
alla våra appar har gratisprenumerationer i 3 dagar!
все наши приложения имеют бесплатную подписку на 3 дня!
todos os nossos aplicativos têm assinaturas grátis por 3 dias!
tutte le nostre app hanno abbonamenti gratuiti per 3 giorni!
semua aplikasi kami memiliki langganan gratis selama 3 hari!
всі наші програми мають безкоштовну підписку на 3 дні!
我们所有的应用程序都有 3 天的免费订阅！
我們所有的應用程序都有 3 天的免費訂閱！