Hoà Trần
Menu
Send Feedback
PRIVACY POLICY OF MYTV IP – TV ONLINE
This Privacy Policy, part of our overall Terms of Service, describes how and when MyTV IP – TV Online collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Service. We will ask for your consent before collecting or using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect
Device information.
We may collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model and operating system version.
Application information.
We may collect information about your installation, such us the operating system type and application version number.
Information you give us.
When you contact MyTV IP – TV Online, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
Third-party services.
We may use third-party services to help us understand the use of our Service, such as Google Analytics. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address.
Information we share
We do not share or disclose your private personal information unless necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request.
We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as aggregate usage statistics.
Information security
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
In-App Purchases
Whilst MyTV IP – TV Online are free to download and play, you do have the option to purchase virtual items in-app using the app stores.
It is essential that you protect your device to prevent unauthorized charges on your account. If you are concerned about Mobile In-App Purchases, please note that you can create a password to prevent unauthorized charges.
Get the app now!