Privacy Policy
July 8th, 2020
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Anthems Media Inc. (“Anthems”). This policy applies to information we collect when you use our mobile applications, websites and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Service").
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Service to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information you provide when you create an account, post comments or otherwise participate in any interactive features of the Service, fill out a form, participate in a contest or promotion, apply for a job, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your username, email address, password phone number, date of birth, and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide. We may also access photos that you specifically choose to use in connection with the Service, such as for a profile photo, and information from your contacts you specifically choose to let us access, such as if you wish to find or invite friends.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Service
When you access or use our Service, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Device Information:
We collect information about the computer, mobile device, or other consumer electronic device you use to access our Service, including the hardware model, operating system and version, device identifiers and mobile network information
Usage Information:
We receive information about your interactions with our Service, such as the music you listen to, post, like, or comment on; the time spent interacting with User generated content and other features; and the dates and times of your visits.
Location Information:
We may collect general information about your location which we derive from your IP address. We may also collect specific information about the location of your device when you access or use one of our applications, but only with your consent. For more details, please see "Your Choices" below.
Information from Cookies and Similiar Technologies:
We and our service providers collect information using cookies or similar technologies. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Please review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential. We also use third party cookies on the Service. For instance, we use Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. Google provides some additional privacy options described at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ regarding Google Analytics’ cookies.
Information We Collect From Other Sources:
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Service. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Service;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices,
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Anthems and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Service;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Anthems and others;
Personalize and improve the Service, enhance the listener experience, make suggestions and recommendations, and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected
Anthems is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Service or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy: With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf; In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation; If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Anthems or others; In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Service that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information. In addition, you understand that when you use the Service, information you provide in public areas of the Service, such as your profile, content and comments you post, will be available to other users, subject to any available privacy settings . We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
Social Sharing
The Service may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button), which let you share actions you take on our Service with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Service and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, listening activity, sensor data, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Anthems and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Service and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and www.aboutads.info/choices.
Security
Anthems takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 and we do not want it. We will take steps to delete it if we learn we have collected it. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, then you may alert us at info@anthems.fm. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, then we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
Your Choices
Account Information
We collect information about the computer, mobilIf you wish to delete your account or update your account information, please email us at info@anthems.fm but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes, and cancellation or deactivation of your account does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you may have posted or otherwise made available publicly on the Service while you were a registered user. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Location Information
When you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so certain features of the Service will no longer function. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile applications from your device.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Service.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails or text messages from Anthems by following the instructions in those emails or text messages or by. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Anthems
5749 Buchanan St #475533
San Francisco, California 94123
United States
info@anthems.fm
‍