Menu
Tarot Card Meanings
Tarot Cards
Love Tarot
Daily Tarot Reading
Tarot Horoscope
Biorhythms
I Ching
Runes
Spirit Guides
Tarot App
Live Tarot Reading
Log in
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
This is a legal agreement between the person using TrustedTarot.com ("you" or "your") and the owner and operator of TrustedTarot.com ("we", "us" or "our"). This agreement governs your use of the TrustedTarot.com service ("the service"). By accessing materials on the TrustedTarot.com website ("Web Site") you agree with these Trusted Tarot Terms of Service ("Terms of Service") and our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy").
This document is split into two parts:
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Privacy Policy
We disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide the service. Some of our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the service, you consent to the transfer of personal information to the USA, Canada, and other jurisdictions where we, our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations are located.
We may also provide information concerning your account and your use of the service to 3rd parties, at our sole discretion, if:
it is requested by law enforcement authorities.
we have reason to believe that it is in your interest that we provide such information.
it is necessary in order to keep the service running, or to diagnose or fix problems with the service or another network.
we need to investigate and/or follow up on support requests for products and services not sold by Trusted Tarot.
Like most website operators, we collect non-personally-identifying information that browsers and servers typically make available (such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request). Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use the Web Site. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the service.
Certain users of the service choose to interact with the service in a way that requires gathering personally-identifying information. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for additional information about their reading to provide a first name, email address, and other information. Those who engage in transactions with the service – by purchasing a membership, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain activities that are part of the service.
We also track many of the actions you take on the site in order to improve the service.
When you sign up, we will send to you e-mails offering products or services that we think you would be interested in, related to additional information about Tarot, Astrology, Numerology and other topics. You can easily opt-out of these emails by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email. These offers may be from 3rd parties.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. we use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of the service, and their Web Site access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the service, with the drawback that certain features of the service may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
If the service, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or it goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of the service may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads appearing on the service may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by the service and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
By transmitting information to the service and the Web Site, you grant us a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license (with rights to sublicense) to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, edit and distribute the information (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such submission.
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia ("CafeMedia") for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia's data usage,
click here
.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Here is Google's
privacy policy
.
Trusted Tarot is based in Canada, and your data may be processed in Canada, the United States, and other countries or jurisdictions.
We store personal information on secure servers that are managed by us and our service providers, and backups of all website data (including your personal information) are stored in 3rd party services.
We maintain reasonable safeguards to help maintain the data we collect.
For instructions on how you can access the Personal Data you have provided us, how to change such information or to request for it to be deleted, please send an e-mail to support@trustedtarot.com.
Terms of Service
For Entertainment Purposes Only
We think Tarot card readings are a wonderful way to step back and try to evaluate a situation from a unique perspective, but Tarot card readings are not an exact science and we recommend that you do not take the interpretations too literally.
The service is provided for entertainment purposes only
. Please use your best judgment and common sense. The information provided by the service should not be used in place of any recommendations by legal, medical, or financial professionals or other professional counselors.
Refusal of Service
We reserve the right to refuse the service to any person for any reason.
The service should only be used by individuals over the age of 18. Residents of any jurisdiction that may prohibit the service should not access it. It is your responsibility to make sure you are eligible to use the service.
Money, Accounts, and Membership
If you love your free reading as much as we hope you will, we will give you the opportunity to become a member. There are two levels of membership: free and paid. Paid members have access to additional material.
When you request additional information from the service and provide your email address, you automatically become subscribed to a free membership.
While you are subscribed to a membership, we may send you email concerning the service or your account at any time.
You may unsubscribe from and cancel your membership at any time.
You are responsible for any use of your account and membership; consequently, you are responsible for keeping your account password and the email access links you use to access the service secure.
Third Party Links
We sometimes provide referrals to and links to other World Wide Web sites in emails and on the Web Site. These links should not be considered an endorsement, approval or agreement with any information or resources offered at sites you can access through our site. we am not responsible for the content or practices of third party sites.
You should assume that we may have an affiliate relationship and/or another material connection to the providers of goods and services mentioned on this site and we may be compensated when you purchase from a provider. You should always perform due diligence before buying goods or services from anyone on the Internet or offline.
Jurisdiction
This agreement will be governed by the laws of British Columbia, Canada.
If a dispute arises under this agreement, we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Any costs and fees other than solicitors/legal/attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, under the rules of Canadian Arbitration laws. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
Not Professional Advice
Information provided through the service, on the Web Site, and in all the materials we send you is for entertainment purposes only. Information from the service is not intended to be a substitute for professional advice. It must not be used as professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. It must not be used as professional financial or investment advice or guidance. It must not be used as professional legal advice. Never delay or disregard seeking professional advice because of something you have read on the Web Site or the service.
Any and all decisions you make based upon information provided by us or the service shall be your sole and exclusive responsibility.
Limitation of Liability
Use of the service is at your own risk.
The content on the Web Site and delivered through emails is provided to our visitors for entertainment purposes only. we make no claims our readings should be used for any purpose beyond entertainment and we strongly discourage the use of these readings for any reason other than amusement.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL we BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SERVICE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed void, unlawful, or unenforceable for any reason, then that provision shall be severed from the rest of the terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions.
We may update the Terms of Service at any time, but you will not be bound by any updates until 30 days after the changes are posted. Please check back regularly. Your continued use of the service following changes to the terms of service constitutes your acceptance of the amendments.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, contact us at support@trustedtarot.com.
Trusted Tarot, 170 & 300 - 422 Richards St, Vancouver, BC V6B 2Z4, Canada.
©2010 - 2025 Grow Media Limited. All Rights Reserved.
Last updated May 13, 2022