Privacy policy in other regions
Germany
Introduction
This privacy notice describes what personal data is processed by myenergi Ltd (“we”, “us”, “our”) and how you can exercise your data protection rights.
myenergi Ltd is a registered company in England and Wales, company number
10261262
, registered address at Pioneer Business Park, Faraday Way, Stallingborough, Grimsby, United Kingdom, DN41 8FF. We are part of the myenergi Group Ltd that includes myenergi GB Limited, and other International Subsidiaries located in Australia, the Netherlands, Germany, and Ireland.
We are the controller for the personal data we process through the myenergi app and myaccount, myenergi devices, product research and development, marketing, and customer support. We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office:
ZA777484
.
How to Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or the way we process your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@myenergi.com
or write to:
myenergi Ltd,
Pioneer Business Park, Faraday Way, Stallingborough, Grimsby, United Kingdom, DN41 8FF.
If you are an EU citizen or Regulator, for the purposes of GDPR, our appointed representative is myenergi Distribution (Ireland) Limited, M101 Baggot Street Lower, Dublin, Dublin 2, DO2 TY29, Ireland. The appointed representative can be contacted at
dpo@myenergi.com
.
Your personal information
3.1 What is personal information and what is processing of personal information?
Personal information (or data) is any information relating to you and that alone or together with other pieces of information gives the person that collects and processes such information the opportunity to identify you as a person (e.g., your name, address, contact details, location, behaviours, unique identifiers, ethnicity, etc.).
Processing of personal information means any action, for example, collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, use or disclosure by any means.
3.2 What personal information we process and why?
We may process the following types of personal information when you contact us, work for or with us, purchase or use myenergi services or products:
Personal and professional details: if you apply for a job or vacancy, you will provide us with your name, address, contact details, qualifications, employment history, and financial circumstances. For further details, see our
recruitment privacy notice
. In some cases, you may apply via a third party such as Indeed.
Employment details: for persons employed by myenergi, your contact details, work patterns, images, attendance, performance, training, pay, vehicle usage, proof of identification, unique identifiers, right to work, health, etc.
Contractor or supplier details: your personal or business names, addresses, contact details, financial details, performance, etc.
Onsite visitors: your name, dates and purpose of visit, vehicle registration number, and image for a temporary visitor pass.
CCTV: images from cameras located at the myenergi offices for the purposes of health and safety, general crime prevention, etc.
Customer Information: your name, address, contact details, telephone call recordings, and any other information you provide to us in relation to an enquiry, order, installation, payment, delivery, or warranty about our products and services.
Energy consumption, export, and generation data: this data is recorded when a myenergi device is connected to the Internet, so it can be presented in the myenergi app and myaccount. The data includes device status, charging schedules, and usage. It is available to us on our servers to help us understand how the device is working and provide customer support. We will only know who you are if you have registered your device on our App or myenergi myaccount and provided your personal data.
Responses to surveys: your feedback to better understand how you use myenergi products and services and their performance.
Register of sales and Electric Vehicle (EV) charging logs: to comply with The Electric Vehicles (Smart Charge Points) Regulations 2021, we maintain a register of the EV smart charge points sold for the use in Great Britain and, when myenergi EV devices are connected to the internet, EV data is created to enable consumers to monitor how much electricity they are using when charging their vehicle.
Competitions and promotions entries: name and contact details when you take part in any of our promotions and, if you are a winner, your surname, county location and prize winnings may be published or disclosed to help ensure transparency in accordance with the Advertising Standards Authority recommendations.
Events: where we attend, organise, or deliver events, we may process your name and contact details to register your interests or attendance or in some cases, take photographs, videos, or recordings, and use them for marketing purposes.
Community messaging: your username and any messages or opinions you publish on our online customer forums, social media, or other channels. Taking part may require you to create a user account with a third party and adhere to their terms and conditions, for example LinkedIn, Facebook, and our Customer Forum is hosted by tapatalk.
Data analytics and statistical research: help us better understand how our products are used and make suggestions and recommendations to you about the use of our products.
GridPay Services: If you sign up to our Gridpay service, we will share your personal data (name, address, contact details, and myenergi device serial number, energy supplier, and tariff) with our Partner Provider, Axle Limited, to allow them to interact with your myenergi device to manage its usage and modify its settings to charge during off peak hours. Depending on the terms and conditions of the scheme, we may process your bank details if the scheme provides financial rewards or incentives.
Demand Side Response (DSR): We automatically enrol eligible myenergi devices onto our DSR service to offer support to the national grid to modify device settings to help reduce or balance the electricity loads at times of stress. We will process your name, address, and device serial number to obtain the Meter Point Administration Number (MPAN) and will carry out at least four 30 minute tests a year to check your device settings can be amended. We will send you a notification within 24 hours of each test and you can opt-out of the test (via the App) if you wish to do so. You can also opt-out from the DSR service at any time from your myaccount.
Myenergi One: where you take the finance option, your personal data will be held by the Finance Provider as part of your loan arrangement with them, and myenergi GB Ltd to facilitate the order and installation. Information will be shared between both parties about the order, installation, and aftercare (e.g., repairs and replacements).
You may not always be required to provide all the personal information described above, but there may be occasions that if you don’t it may affect your use of our products and services, or the functionality of our products may be reduced.
We only collect special category data if it is necessary and is generally limited to information to support any particular needs or to meet any legal obligations for the purposes of employment, equality monitoring, health and safety.
We may anonymise and aggregate any of the personal information we hold for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our products and services.
We will use the personal information available to us in the event we have to investigate the misuse of a myenergi account, any suspected fraud, or for debt collection.
3.3 Lawful basis for processing personal information
When we process personal data, we need to have a lawful basis for doing so, which include the following:
Contract performance: where we use your information to provide you with your account, product, or service (for example, name, address, contact details to take orders, deliver products, use the myenergi app).
Legal obligation: where we must process your information by law (for example sharing employee data with the HM Revenues and Customs).
Legitimate interest: we are allowed to use personal information where, on balance, there is a legitimate interest and a reasonable benefit to us or to a third party. For example, in the development and maintenance of our products and services, research, data analysis, to facilitate your arrangement with a third party such as your energy supplier, use of CCTV cameras, etc.
Consent: sometimes, we need your consent to process your personal information, for example when you sign up to receive our newsletters or direct marketing. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
3.4 How do we collect your personal information?
We may collect personal information from various sources:
Directly from you: when you apply for a role or business opportunity, create a myenergi account, purchase products or services, complete our forms, enter competitions or promotions, contact us by phone, email or directly in any other way.
Our website, app and myenergi products: that provide us with information about how you use them and the devices in your home that you connect to them.
Third party companies: may provide us with information to help deliver our products and services to you, and to understand you better.
Installers and service engineers: provide us with information about the installation and maintenance of myenergi products.
3.5 Automated decision making
We do not make any automated decisions about you.
3.6 How do we protect your personal information?
We take technical and organisational measures to ensure the personal information is processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of information including protections against unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction, or damage. For example, we implement policies and procedures, access and physical controls to our sites, unique user accounts, access restrictions and user rights, anti-virus software, and encryption.
3.7 Who do we share your personal information with?
We share personal information within the myenergi group for the purposes described in Section 3.2.
We also share personal data with third parties where it is appropriate and lawful to do so, for example:
Installers and service engineers: so that they can book appointments with you and provide installation and product maintenance services.
Delivery companies: to deliver products that you have ordered from us.
Other service providers, suppliers, and advisors: such as companies that support our IT, help us analyse the data we hold, process payments, send communications to our customers, provide us with legal or financial advice and generally help us deliver our services to you.
Market research: occasionally we may ask our market research partners to contact our customers to help us find out how to improve our products and services.
Energy aggregators: if you sign up to one of our energy flexibility schemes, such as GridPay Services, we will share your personal data (name, address, contact details, and myenergi device serial number, energy supplier, and tariff) with the Partner Provider to allow them to interact with your myenergi device to manage its usage and modify its settings, e.g., to charge during off peak hours. Depending on the terms and conditions of the scheme, we may process your bank details if the scheme provides financial rewards or incentives.
Energy suppliers: we will share your personal data (name, location myenergi device serial number, and energy usage) with energy suppliers if you have asked us to or you have taken steps to connect your myenergi account to another company’s products and services (e.g., exploit dynamic tariffs, Open Charge Point Protocol). In some cases, this may allow the energy supplier to interact with your myenergi device to manage its use and modify settings, so you can benefit from flexible tariffs.
Referral Partners: if you have purchased a product through one of our referral partners, we will share information with the referring partner to confirm the purchase and status of the order.
The Government or regulators: where we are required to do so by law or to assist with their investigations.
Police and law enforcement: to assist with the investigation and prevention of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders.
Business Transfers: as we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Third parties analysing the use of our products, although the information we provide is aggregated and anonymised to prevent anyone being identified or more identifiable.
3.8 Transferring your personal information internationally
We process personal data in the UK and the European Union. If personal data is processed outside of these areas, for example within the myenergi group or with contracted parties, we will implement controls and safeguards to comply with the applicable data protection laws, UK GDPR and (EU) GDPR.
3.9 How long do we hold personal information?
We retain your personal data for only as long as necessary. Our retention periods are based on business needs and personal information that is no longer needed is anonymised or destroyed.
4 Marketing
4.1 Direct Marketing
In accordance with the marketing preferences you set when creating your account or that you set with us at another time, we may contact you by email, push notifications via the myenergi app, text, mail, or phone with information about products and services we believe you may be interested in.
If you tell us not to email, send push notifications, mail, or phone you with direct marketing we won’t contact you in that way. You can let us know at any time that you do not wish to receive marketing messages by sending an email to
marketing@myenergi.com
. You can also unsubscribe from our marketing emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email we send you.
4.2 Advertising on other websites and apps
We work with our advertising agencies to show you advertising about our products and services on websites or apps that you visit, at a time and in manner that we feel is relevant to you. To do this, our advertising agencies use anonymised information about the websites, apps, social media content and ads you interact with or view when connected to the Internet, to make sure the advertising you see is more relevant to you. The techniques our advertising agencies use (to determine what advertising to show you), recognise the device you are using but are not aimed at you as a named individual. Typically, cookies and similar technologies are used to target this type of advertising, read more in ‘Cookies’ Section.
5 myenergi app and myaccount
We provide a mobile app and online myaccount to enable you to register your myenergi device(s), manage them remotely (e.g., set charging schedules, timers, boost functions), monitor their performance and the amount and type of energy used.  The App is available to download from the Apple or Google Play Store, and the online myenergi myaccount can be created from the myenergi website.
We aim to collect as little personal data as possible, but you will need to create an account using a single sign-on or an email address and provide your name, the serial number of your myenergi device, the name of your energy supplier and tariff. If you have a dynamic energy tariff, you will need to provide your address or postcode where the myenergi device is located to ensure the right tariff is available. You can also add your name, address, telephone number, type of electric heating and any renewable devices you have; add an email address to share your account within someone else; set your own preferences (e.g., marketing); or join the online myenergi discussion forum. We acknowledge that device telemetry data may infer user behaviours, e.g., charge times.
The lawful basis for processing your personal data is in the performance of a contract to provide the App and online account, but we will rely on legitimate interests when we consider it reasonable to do so, e.g., in the development, maintenance, delivery, and evaluation of the App, myaccount, products and services, to share your data with third parties, (e.g. market research, aggregators, or to allow you to integrate with other services and platforms to access flexible tariffs).
The App and myaccount stores data in the UK and EEA and measures are in place to protect the data and systems from unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction, or damage.
You can edit or delete your information in the App and your myaccount. If you delete your App account, all the data associated to you is permanently deleted from our servers (we don’t hold a ‘recycle bin’ for user accounts),
although we will continue to collect status and usage data from your device whilst it remains connected to the internet. If you remove the App from your mobile device, your account still exists, and your information will remain our servers until you delete your account or is deleted as a dormant account.
The App and myaccount uses technology to remember who you are and keep you logged in unless you choose to sign out. We do not have access to your App account, but the App sends messages to our servers, which is available to us to monitor the status and performance of your myenergi device and provide customer and technical support. Your myaccount data can also be accessed via our servers.
6 Cookies
A cookie is a small text file downloaded onto ‘terminal equipment’ (e.g., a computer or smartphone) when the user accesses a website. It allows the website to recognise that user’s device and store some information about the user’s preferences or past actions. You can configure your browser to be informed about the use of cookies and decide individually about their acceptance on a case-by-case basis or you can configure your browser to generally exclude cookies for certain cases. If you choose not to accept cookies, the functionality of our site may be reduced. Our cookie notice is here:
Cookie Notice
.
7 Your data protection rights
You have the following rights in relation to your personal information:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used.
The right to access the personal information we hold about you.
The right to object to the processing of your personal information, which includes the right to withdraw consent or to opt-out from receiving direct marketing messages.
The right to rectification to correct personal information we hold about you.
The right to erasure to ask us to delete the personal information we hold about you.
The right to restrict the processing of your personal data where the processing does not comply with applicable data protection laws.
The right to data portability to ask us to receive the personal data that you have provided to us or to have it transmitted to a third party without hindrance.
To exercise any of the above rights, or if you have any questions relating to your rights, please contact us by using the details provided in Section 2 above.
Data protection rights are not always absolute and where we cannot fulfil the request, we will explain why. For general information about data rights, see the Information Commissioner’s website at
ico.org.uk/your-data-matters
.
8 Supervisory Authority
You have the right to contact your data protection supervisory authority if you need advice or have any data protection concerns about the way your personal data is processed.
The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) is the UK’s supervisory authority and guidance is available on their website at
www.ico.org.uk
and can be contacted by email, live chat, telephone 0303 123 1113, or in writing to Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow SK9 5AF.
In the EEA, the list of supervisory authorities is here:
Our Members | European Data Protection Board (europa.eu)
.
We are here to help and encourage you to contact us to resolve your complaint first.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://careers.myenergi.com/privacy-policy:
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience.
myenergi and our selected partners use cookies and similar technologies (together “cookies”) that are necessary to present this website, and to ensure you get the best experience of it.

        If you consent to it, we will also use cookies for analytics and marketing purposes.
See our
Cookie Policy
to read more about the cookies we set.
You can withdraw and manage your consent at any time, by clicking “Manage cookies” at the bottom of each website page.
Accept all cookies
Decline all non-necessary cookies
Cookie preferences
Select which cookies you accept
On this site, we always set cookies that are strictly necessary, meaning they are necessary for the site to function properly.
If you consent to it, we will also set other types of cookies. You can provide or withdraw your consent to the different types of cookies using the toggles below. You can change or withdraw your consent at any time, by clicking the link “Manage Cookies”, which is always available at the bottom of the site.
To learn more about what the different types of cookies do, how your data is used when they are set etc, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Strictly necessary
These cookies are necessary to make the site work properly, and are always set when you visit the site.
Vendors
Teamtailor
Analytics
These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used.
Vendors
Teamtailor
Marketing
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. In some cases, they also deliver additional functions on the site.
Vendors
Meta
Accept these cookies
Decline all non-necessary cookies
Privacy policy for the myenergi employer branding and recruitment
Date of publication: 07-06-2024
We at myenergi manage our employer branding and recruitment process through our
career site
(the “Career Site”), and by using a related applicant tracking system.
In this privacy policy, we explain how we process your personal data if:
You visit our Career Site (you being a “Visitor”)
You connect with us via our Career Site, to create a profile with us and receive information about current or future vacancies with us (you being a “Connecting Candidate”)
You apply for a position with us, via our Career Site or a third party service (you being an ”Applying Candidate”)
We collect information about you from other parties, sites and services, since we believe your profile is of interest for our current or future vacancies (you being a “Sourced Candidate”)
We receive information about you from our employees or partners, since they believe your profile is of interest for our current or future vacancies (you being a “Referred Candidate”)
We receive information about you from a Candidate, who lists you as their reference (you being a “Reference”).
This privacy policy also describes what rights you have when we process your personal data, and how you can exercise these rights.
When we use the term “Candidate” in this privacy policy, we are referring to each of  Connecting Candidates; Applying Candidates; Sourced Candidates; and Referred Candidates, unless it’s stated otherwise.
1. About processing of personal data
Personal data is all information that can be directly or indirectly linked to a living, physical person. Examples of personal data are: name, e-mail address, telephone number and IP address. Processing of personal data is any automated use of personal data - such as collecting, creating, analyzing, sharing, and deleting personal data.
There are laws and regulations on how companies may process personal data, so-called data protection laws. Different data protection laws apply to different types of use of personal data, and in different parts of the world. An example of a data protection law that is relevant for our use of your personal data, as described in this privacy policy, is the EU Data Protection Regulation (2016/679, “GDPR”).
Most obligations under the GDPR apply to the so-called data controller. A data controller is the entity that decides for which purposes personal data will be processed, and how the processing will be executed. The data controller can use a so-called data processor. A data processor is an entity that is only allowed to process personal data as instructed by the data controller, and may not use the personal data for its own purposes.
We are the data controller when we process your personal data as described in this Privacy policy.
2. What personal data do we process?
All individuals
Device information
- If you visit our Career Site, we will collect information about your device, such as IP address, browser type and version, session behaviour, traffic source, screen resolution, preferred language, geographic location, operating system and device settings/usage.
Technical and statistical data
- If you visit our Career Site, we will collect technical and statistical data about your use of the site, such as information about which URLs you visit, and your activity on the site.
Communications data
- We will collect and store your communication with us, including the information you provided in the communication. This may include the content of emails, video recordings, messages on social media, the information you add to your account with us, surveys, etc.
Contact details
- Such as your name, email address, telephone number and physical address.
Candidates
Data from interviews, assessments and other information from the recruitment process
- Such as notes from interviews with you, assessments and tests made, salary requirements.
Information in your application
- Such as your CV, cover letter, work samples, references, letters of recommendation and education.
Information in your public profile
- Meaning the information we collect about you from public sources related to your professional experience, such as LinkedIn or the website of your current employer.
Information provided by references
- Meaning the information we receive from our employees or partners who refer you to us, or by the persons you have listed as your references.
3. Where do we receive your personal data from?
All individuals
From the Career Site.
If you visit our Career Site, we collect technical and statistical information about how you use the Career Site, and information from your device.
Directly from you.
Most of the information we process about you, we receive directly from you, for example when you apply for a position with us or connect with us. You can always choose not to provide us with certain information. However, some personal data is necessary in order for us to process your application or provide you the information you request to get from us.
References
From the person for whom you are a reference.
If a Candidate lists you as their reference, we will collect your contact details from the candidate to be able to contact you.
Candidates
From public sources.
We may collect personal data about you from public sources, such as LinkedIn or the website of your current employer.
From our references.
We may receive information about you from our employees or partners (such as recruitment service providers), when they believe your profile is of interest for our current or future vacancies.
From your references.
If you provide us with references, we may collect information about you from them.
Data we create ourselves or in cooperation with you.
Information about your application and profile is usually created by us, or by us in cooperation with you, during the recruitment process. This may for example include notes from interviews with you, assessments and tests made.
4. For what purposes do we process your personal data?
Protect and enforce our rights, interests and the interests of others, for example in connection with legal claims.
Affected individuals: The individual(s) affected by the legal issue - this may include persons from all categories of individuals listed above.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above can be used for this purpose.
Share your personal data with other recipients, for the purposes mentioned in Section 5 below.
Affected individuals: Varies depending on the purpose of the sharing, see Section 5 below.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Collect information about your use of the Career Site, using cookies and other tracking technologies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Affected individuals: Visitors.
Categories of personal data used: Device information.
Maintain, develop, test, and otherwise ensure the security of the Career Site.
Affected individuals: Visitors.
Categories of personal data used: Device information; Technical and statistical data.
Analyse how the Career Site and its content is being used and is performing, to get statistics and to improve operational performance.
Affected individuals: Visitors.
Categories of personal data used: Device information; Technical and statistical data.
Provide you with updates about vacancies with us.
Affected individuals: Connecting Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: Contact details; Communications data.
Review profiles and applications sent to us. This also includes communicating with you about your application and profile.
Affected individuals: Connecting Candidates; Applying Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Collect and evaluate your professional profile on our own initiative. This also includes communicating with you regarding your profile.
Affected individuals: Sourced Candidates; Referred Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Contact you directly about specific, future vacancies with us.
Affected individuals: Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Record the interview(s) with you.
Affected individuals: Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: Communications data.
Contact you to ask for your participation in surveys
Affected individuals: Candidates.
Categories of personal data used: All the categories of personal data listed above may be used for this purpose.
Contact you to ask you to provide information about a Candidate, and evaluate the information you provide.
Affected individuals: References.
Categories of personal data used: Contact details; Communications data.
5. Whom do we share your personal data with?
Our service providers.
We share your personal data with our suppliers who provide services and functionality in our employer branding- and recruitment process. For example, this includes recruitment service providers and the supplier of our Career Site and related applicant tracking system.
Our group companies.
We share your personal data with our group companies, when they provide us services and functionality to our employer branding- and recruitment process, such as access to particular systems and software.
Companies providing cookies on the Career Site.
If you consent to it, cookies are set by other companies than us, who will use the data collected by these cookies in accordance with their own privacy policy. You can find information about which cookies this applies to in our
Cookie Policy
.
To authorities and other public actors - when we are ordered to do so.
We will share your personal data with authorities and other public actors when we have a legal obligation to do so.
To parties involved in legal proceedings.
If needed to protect or defend our rights, we share your personal data with public authorities or with other parties involved in a potential or existing legal proceeding. This can for example be in case of discrimination claims.
Mergers and acquisitions etc.
In connection with a potential merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal data to other parties involved in the process.
6. On what legal bases do we process your personal data?
To be able to process your personal data, we need to have a so-called legal basis. A legal basis is a reason for processing the personal data that is justified under the GDPR.
When we process your personal data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, the legal basis we rely on is normally that the
processing is necessary for our legitimate interest
in being able to recruit talent with the relevant competence for us. We have concluded that we have a legitimate interest in being able to perform the personal data processing for this purpose; that the processing is necessary to achieve that purpose; and that our interest outweighs your right not to have your data processed for this purpose.
You can contact us for more information about how this assessment was made. See Section 9 and 10 below for our contact information.
There may be specific circumstances when the processing is only performed if and when you provide
your consent
to the processing. This is for example the case if we propose to record an interview with you. Please see Section 9 below for more information about your right to withdraw your consent.
7. When do we transfer your personal data outside of the EU/EEA, and how do we protect it then?
We always strive to process your personal data within the EU/EEA area.
However, some of our service providers process your personal data outside of the EU/EEA. We also use suppliers whose parent company, or whose subcontractor’s parent company, is based outside the EU/EEA. In these cases, we have taken into account the risk that the personal data may be disclosed to countries outside the EU/EEA, for example because of an authority request.
In cases where another recipient of your personal data (as described in Section 5 above) is based outside the EU/EEA, this will also mean that your personal data is transferred outside the EU/EEA.
When we, or one of our suppliers, transfer your personal data outside the EU/EEA, we will ensure that a safeguard recognized by the GDPR is used to enable the transfer. We use the following safeguards:
A decision by the EU Commission that the country outside of the EU/EEA to which your personal data is transferred has an adequate level of protection, which corresponds to the level of protection afforded by the GDPR. In particular, we rely on the
EU Commission’s adequacy decision for the US via the so-called EU-US Data Privacy Framework
, and the
adequacy decision for the UK.
Entering into the
EU Commission’s standard clauses
with the recipient of the personal data outside the EU/EEA. This means that the recipient guarantees that the level of protection for your personal data afforded by the GDPR still applies, and that your rights are still protected.
When your personal data is transferred outside the EU/EEA, we also implement appropriate technical and organizational safeguards, to protect the personal data in case of a disclosure. Exactly which protective measures we implement depends on what is technically feasible, and sufficiently effective, for the particular transfer.
If you want more information about the cases in which your personal data is transferred outside the EU/EEA you can contact us using the contact details in Section 9 and 10 below.
8. For how long do we keep your personal data?
All individuals
If we process your personal data for the purpose of being able to protect and enforce our rights, we will keep your personal data until the relevant legal issue has been fully and finally resolved.
Visitors
We keep your personal data for one (1) year for security purposes. The retention periods for cookies are set out in our
Cookie Policy
. We keep your personal data to analyse the performance of the Career Site for as long as we keep personal data about you for other purposes.
Candidates
If you are a Connecting Candidate (only), we keep your personal data for as long as you remain connected with us.
For other types of Candidates, we keep your personal data to decide if you are a suitable candidate for the relevant vacancy(ies) with us.
If you don’t succeed in the initial recruitment process, we keep your personal data for as long as needed to consider, and potentially contact you, for relevant future job openings.
If you are hired, we will keep your personal data during your employment, for other purposes than those stated above, which you will be informed of.
References
We keep your personal data for as long as we keep the personal data of the Candidate for whom you acted as a reference.
9. What rights do you have, and how can you exercise them?
In this section, you will find information about the rights you have when we process your personal data. As described below, some of the rights only come into play when we process your personal data under a particular legal basis.
If you want to exercise any of the rights listed here, we suggest that you:
Visit the
Data & Privacy page
on our Career Site, where we offer features to let you exercise your rights;
Log in
to your account with us, where you can use the settings in the account to exercise your rights; or
Contact us directly at emily.kelsey@myenergi.com.
Right to be informed
You have the right to be informed about how we process your personal data. You also have the right to be informed if we plan to process your personal data for any purpose other than that for which it was originally collected.
We provide you with such information through this privacy policy, through updates on our Career Site (see also Section 11 below), and by answering any questions you may have for us.
Right to access your personal data.
You have the right to know if we process personal data about you, and to receive a copy of the data we process about you. In connection with receiving the copy of your data, you will also receive information about how we process your personal data.
Right to access and to request a transfer of your personal data to another recipient (“data portability”).
You can request a copy of the personal data relating to you that we process for the performance of a contract with you, or based on your consent, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. This will allow you to use this data somewhere else, for example to transfer it to another recipient. If technically feasible, you also have the right to request that we transfer your data directly to another recipient.
Right to have your personal data deleted (“right to be forgotten”).
In some cases, you have the right to have us delete personal data about you. This is for example the case if it’s no longer necessary for us to process the data for the purpose for which we collected it; if you withdraw your consent; if you have objected to the processing and there are no legitimate, overriding justifications for the processing. (For the separate right to object, see below.)
Right to object against our processing of your personal data.
You have the right to object to processing of your personal data which is based on our legitimate interest, by referencing your personal circumstances.
Right to restrict processing.
If you believe that the personal data we process about you is inaccurate, that our processing is unlawful, or that we don’t need the information for a specific purpose, you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of such personal data. If you object to our processing, as described just above, you can also request us to restrict processing of that personal data while we make our assessment of your request.
When our processing of your personal data is restricted, we will (with the exception of storage) only process the data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, to protect the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons relating to an important public interest.
Right to rectification.
You have the right to request that we rectify inaccurate information, and that we complete information about you that you consider incomplete.
Right to withdraw your consent.
When we process your personal data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. If you do so, we will stop processing your data for the purposes you’ve withdrawn your consent for. However, it doesn’t affect the lawfulness of processing that was based on your consent before it was withdrawn.
Right to raise a complaint.
If you have complaints about our processing of your personal data, you can raise a complaint with the data protection authority in United Kingdom. You can find their contact details
here
.
You can also lodge a complaint with your national data protection authority, which you can find listed
here
if you are based in the EU. If you are based in the UK, you can lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office,
here
.
10. Where can you turn with comments or questions?
If you want to get in touch with us to exercise your rights, or if you have any questions, comments or concerns about how we handle your personal data, you can reach us by sending an email to emily.kelsey@myenergi.com.
11. Updates to this Privacy policy
We update this privacy policy when necessary - for example, because we start processing your personal data in a new way, because we want to make the information even clearer to you, or if it’s necessary to do so in order to comply with applicable data protection laws.
We encourage you to regularly check this page for any changes. You can always check the top of this page to see when this privacy policy was last updated.
myenergi are at the forefront of British renewable eco-smart technology innovation and manufacture. Our brand new innovations complex is at the heart of the of the Humber Freeport, the epicentre of green technology in the UK. Our world renowned Zappi product was the world's first solar and wind compatible electric car charger in the world, well and truly putting British manufacturing back on the global stage!
Let’s recruit together and find your next colleague.
@myenergi.com