PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 29, 2019.
Kwok Ho Chung built the WSTicK app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Kwok Ho Chung at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at WSTicK unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
WSTicK takes your privacy very seriously. WSTicK will never collect images and data from customers.
WSTicK is a private work, and other works of the same name or similar are not related to me.
All textures of this program are uploaded by the user, and all texture contents are not related to this program.
This program will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of this program.
This program may be subject to legal restrictions in some areas, so this program is not intended for use by users in the area.
The advertising content of this program is provided by Google AdMob, and the content of the advertisement is not related to this site.
Requested Account Permissions
Permissions requested from your Google account
Some permissions to your account are required for the product to operate. The Service will ask for permissions to access your account to save, update and remove the Sticker Pack file (Json). The permissions granted are used exclusively for the operation of the product limited to the services offered. Below are the specific permission to data access requirements, why they are necessary and how they are used:
Requested Permissions
View and manage the files in your Google Drive
View and manage Google Drive files and folders that you have opened or created with this app
Description
WSTicK uses these permissions to handle the following features
Add a Sticker Pack file to your Google Drive. The file type is (.Json).
Update and remove the Sticker Pack file added by WSTicK in your Google Drive
Search for files in your Google Drive to view the Sticker Pack file added by WSTicK
_
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
ADMOB
Privacy Policy
FIREBASE ANALYTICS
Privacy Policy
CRASHLYTICS
Privacy Policy
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.
This privacy policy page was created at
www.anomoo.com
and modified/generated by
www.anomoo.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en:
Skip to main content
AdMob & AdSense program policies
AdMob policies and restrictions
Next: AdSense Program policies
Publishers who wish to participate in AdMob must comply with our online
AdSense Program policies
.
All publishers are required to adhere to the following policies, so please read them carefully. If you fail to comply with these policies without permission from Google, we reserve the right to disable ad serving to your app and/or disable your AdMob account at any time. If your account is disabled, you will not be eligible for further participation in the AdSense and/or AdMob program(s).
Content policies and restrictions
Behavioral policies
Google Publisher Policies
Google Publisher Restrictions
User-generated content
Exceptions to AdSense policies
Invalid clicks and impressions
Ad placement
Sub-syndication and ad network mediation
App promotion
Personalized advertising
Apps that offer compensation programs
Policies for ads that offer rewards
Invalid activity
Implementation guidance
Invalid activity
How Google prevents invalid activity
How you can prevent invalid activity
Estimated vs. finalized earnings
Implementation guidance
Banner ad guidance
Interstitial ad guidance
AdMob native ads advanced policy compliance guidelines
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Next: AdSense Program policies
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
AdMob & AdSense program policies
1 of 12
AdMob policies and restrictions
2 of 12
AdSense Program policies
3 of 12
App and account appeals
1 of 5
Google Play policy restriction: Disabled app
2 of 5
AdMob policy violation: Disabled app(s) or account
3 of 5
Invalid activity: Disabled account
4 of 5
Invalid activity: Suspended account
5 of 5
Account issues FAQ
4 of 12
Behavioral policies
5 of 12
Implementation guidance
1 of 8
Implementation guidance
2 of 8
Banner ad guidance
3 of 8
Discouraged banner implementations
4 of 8
Recommended banner implementations
5 of 8
Banner ad guidance: 300x250
6 of 8
Interstitial ad guidance
7 of 8
Disallowed interstitial implementations
8 of 8
Recommended interstitial implementations
6 of 12
Ad format specific policies
1 of 1
Policies for ad units that offer rewards
7 of 12
Families
1 of 3
Tag an ad request from an app for child-directed treatment
2 of 3
Comply with Google Play’s Families Policy using AdMob
3 of 3
Ad-serving Protections for Teens
8 of 12
Invalid activity
1 of 7
Invalid traffic
2 of 7
How Google prevents invalid activity
3 of 7
How you can prevent invalid activity
4 of 7
Estimated vs finalized earnings
5 of 7
What is sabotage and how to prevent it
6 of 7
Can I see a record of invalid activity deductions from my earnings?
7 of 7
Common questions about invalid traffic
9 of 12
Deductions from earnings FAQ
10 of 12
Privacy and security
1 of 2
User-generated content
2 of 2
Send non-personalized ad requests to third-party RTB buyers
11 of 12
Advertiser guidelines and policies
12 of 12
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
1 of 3
Helping users comply with the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
2 of 3
Personalized and non-personalized ads for LGPD
3 of 3
Ad Technology Providers for the LGPD
Show your support to promote DEI in Gaming by turning intentions into action!
Check out the newly launched Diversity in Gaming website, where you can find video stories and written pledges from global gaming developers. This campaign centers on 3 pillars: diverse teams, diverse games and diverse audiences showing how diversity is not just good for gamers, but for business as well. Show your support by taking the pledge to promote DEI in Gaming and share it on social!
Learn More
7184988058522417733
true
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Community
Google AdMob
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
true
true
73175
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics:
Skip to main content
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Send feedback
ARCHIVE: Google Analytics for Firebase Use Policy
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
Page last modified: April 12, 2023
This URL (https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics) previously served the
Google Analytics for Firebase Use Policy. That use policy was applicable only to
Google Analytics for Firebase (GA4F) properties, which no longer exist.
GA4F customers who chose to continue using Google Analytics upgraded to Google
Analytics 4 (GA4) properties, which are under the Google Analytics Terms of
Service:
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Sub-policy 2
http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/media/try.crashlytics.com/en//terms/privacy-policy.pdf
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.