Privacy Policy
.
I. Introduction
1. In addition to its online and web services, GreenFlux Assets B.V., Amsterdam, Netherlands (hereinafter referred to as "GFX") also provides a mobile Charging APP to its customers and users, the "CHARGE ASSIST APP".
The CHARGE ASSIST APP provides various functionalities and tools for locating charging stations and handling charging processes in the eMobility sector and may be downloaded onto mobile devices (so-called smart devices).
In this Privacy Statement for the CHARGE ASSIST APP, we explain who we are, how, when and for what purposes we process your personal data in connection with the provision and use of our related SERVICES via the CHARGE ASSIST APP, including information how you can exercise your right to privacy, and any other information that may be relevant to you. This Privacy Statement may be amended from time to time. We will inform you of any significant changes that affect the use of your personal data. You will find the current version under the link
Privacy statement
within the CHARGE ASSIST APP.
In addition to this Privacy Statement for mobile APPs, the currently applicable (general) Privacy Statement of GFX shall apply, which can be found at
www.greenflux.com/privacy
.
2. Please note that the language versions and/or translations of the Data Privacy Statement provided are for convenience only. In the event of a dispute over interpretation, the English text shall always take precedence.
II. Who is responsible for your personal data? / Which Supervisory Authority is responsible for us?
Controller
Data Protection Supervisory Authority
GreenFlux Assets B.V.
Joan Muyskenweg 22
1096 CJ Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Email: info[at]greenflux.com
Fixed Line: +31 20 255 2700
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
Bezuidenhoutseweg 30
2594 AV The Hague
The Netherlands
autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl
III. Which data is processed for the download of (mobile) APPs?
1. When downloading our APPs from the relevant APP stores (e.g. Apple App Store or Google Play), certain personal data required for the download will be transferred from your smart device to the respective APP store.
2. In particular, the e-mail address, the username, the customer number of the downloading account, the individual smart device identification number, payment information in the case of APPs to be paid as well as the time of the download will be transmitted to the APP Store.
3. GFX has no influence on the collection and processing of this data. This data collection and processing is conducted exclusively by the APP store selected by you. GFX is not responsible for this collection and processing; the responsibility for this data processing for the download of APPs lies solely with the respective operator of the APP store.
IV. Which data is processed when using the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP?
The scope of the processing of personal data by GFX in connection with the provision of the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP depends on the services and functionalities used via the respective APP. If the user does not actively close the APP, it will continue to run in the background unless the user's smart device closes it, e.g. for reasons of system maintenance.
In general, GFX only collects and processes personal data insofar as this is necessary (i) for the fulfilment of the contract or provision of the agreed services and functionalities between the APP user and GFX (Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR) or (ii) if data is necessary for the functioning of the APP under legitimate interests and the interests of the user in the protection of his/her personal data do not prevail (Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR).
Depending on the respective use and the services or functionalities provided via the APP, the following types of data may be processed:
1. To Login/registration/authentication
The GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP’s functions to a limited extent without registration or login. Without a registration, the data cannot be assigned by GFX to a person or user.
If the user wishes to use extended functionalities of the GFX CHARGE ASSISST APP, an authentication via registration and activation of the respective user is required for security reasons. The completion of registration process requires the User's consent to this Privacy Statement.
After successful registration, the user can log in to the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP with their respective login data and use the extended functionalities. After a certain time of inactivity, a logout may take place automatically. The User must then login again to use the extended functionalities.
2. (technical) Device information required for providing provide our services.
For the provision of our mobile APP's and/or the provision of the services and functionalities available via the APP's, the collection and processing of device information is required. In particular, the following device information may be processed to provide our services and functionalities:
- IP address
- device style and device name.
- time zone difference to GMT.
- device-specific settings
(e.g. browser, operating system, version status language).
- content of requirements (requested service / functionality).
- APP settings.
- transferred data volume.
- APP features.
- notification whether data exchange was successful / complete.
- date and time of request.
- crash APP / error message.
3. Data which is provided / entered by the user.
If users provide data in the context of using the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP and/or store or upload data in the APP, GFX processes this data in connection with the respective provision of the services and functionalities.
For a registration, data are required such as first name and surname, password as well as optional information such as mobile phone number, landline phone number, birthday, job position and/or charging card number, depending on the respective data fields available.
Furthermore, information on Charging Processes as well as data such as photos, PDFs or other documents and information can be added, which the user voluntarily provides or uploads via his/her smart device while using the APP.
The legal basis for such processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR (performance of contract). The provision of such data is voluntary. If data essential for the provision of the offered services / functionality are not provided, there may be possibly restrictions / limitations on services provided.
4. Location data / navigation data / GPS data of the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP
The GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP only collect and process location data if the user has authorised / grant access to the location data in his/her smart device. The authorisation is automatically requested in the course of the installation of the mobile APP via the operating system and can be subsequently changed again via the settings within the smart device after installation - depending on the respective smart device.
Location data will only be used by GFX CHARGING APP if this is necessary to fulfil the respective services and/or functionalities of the APP (e.g. stop and service point finder, tour processing, etc.).
Location data is processed within the mobile APP on the user's smart device and can be transmitted to the GFX as part of the GFX CHARGING SERVCIES for visualization purposes (track & trace) and/or tour management purposes. In addition, GPS information is used for the support of tour charging and alarms.
5. Retrieval of / access to „data and information provided by the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP
Via the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP, we may offer retrieval of or access to data from central GFX CHARGE Services. This can include, for example, access to tour data, order and delivery documents regarding Charging Processes and/or, the customer addresses.
The scope of the access possibilities depends on the respective service and/or the respective functionalities of the APP as well as on the access authorisations granted to the user by the customer. Legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR.
6. Analyses for the purpose of system security / protection against system breakdowns
The GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP uses Firebase, an analysis and monitoring tool. The service provider is Google Inc. Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4, Ireland) is responsible for the European area. GFX only uses Firebase for crash analysis and related analysis of APP usage on an anonymous or aggregated basis; such analyses are used by GFX exclusively for the purpose of improving / maintaining the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR (legitimate interests); the legitimate interest lies in ensuring system security and improving the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP in this respect. As far as the service provider Google also processes data in the USA for the aforementioned purposes, this currently takes place on the basis of a Data Privacy Framework certification
1
as well as the so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission (Art. 46 (2) and (3) GDPR). Further information from Google on data protection at Firebase can be found at
firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
.
V. Who has access to your personal data?
For the provision of our APP services, we sometimes involve third party service providers who may act on our behalf as part of the service provision. These service providers may come into contact with personal data in the course of providing the service and constitute third parties or recipients within the meaning of GDPR. Where necessary, corresponding Data Processing Agreements (DPA’s) are in place (Art. 28 GDPR). As far as an involvement outside of a Data Processing takes place, we ensure that this occurs exclusively in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR and only if there is a corresponding legal basis.
We use the following service providers for the GFX CHARGE ASSIST APP:
Firebase (Google)
Keycloak (https://www.keycloak.org/)
VI. What rights are users entitled to under the GDPR and how can these rights be asserted?
You have the right of access, rectification, and/or erasure of personal data. In addition, you may also have the right of restriction of processing concerning your personal data, the right to object to processing as well as the right to data portability.
To exercise these rights please contact our Data Protection Officer (see above). You also have the right to file a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data by us.
VII. How can you contact us?
If you have any questions about the way we process your personal data, please read this Privacy Statement first. For additional questions or complaints, please contact:
GreenFlux Assets B.V.
Joan Muyskenweg 22
1096 CJ Amsterdam
The Netherlands
privacy[at]greenflux.com
1
https://www.dataprivacy­framework.gov/list
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.greenflux.com/privacy/:
to content
to footer
Privacy Statement
1. Introduction
This Privacy Statement provides information on the processing of personal data by GreenFlux Assets B.V. (“GreenFlux”). In this Privacy Statement we describe who we are, how, when and for which purposes we process your personal data, how you can exercise your privacy rights and all other information that may be relevant to you. This Privacy Statement may be changed over time. The most up-to-date Privacy Statement is published on
www.greenflux.com/privacy
.
2. Who is responsible for your personal data?
GreenFlux is the controller of the processing of all personal data that fall within the scope of this Privacy Statement.
3. For which purposes do we process your personal data?
3.1. To deliver to you our Charge Assist mobile application (“Charge Assist”)
We process your personal data if you use Charge Assist. We use your billing information to process payments made for charge sessions. We also use your location details to find nearby charge stations in Charge Assist. Furthermore, we collect your charge token ID if you pay for charge sessions. If you use Autocharge, we also process your vehicle ID. We process the following personal data categories:
Contact details (such as name, address, telephone number, email address)
Billing details (such as name, bank account number, credit card information)
Location details
Charge token ID (e.g. NL-GFX-XXXXXXXX)
Vehicle ID (for Autocharge)
3.2. When you do business with us
We may process your personal data in the performance and organization of our business. This includes general management, order management and management of our assets. We may conduct audits and investigations, implement business controls, and manage and use customer directories. Also, we may process your personal data for billing, finance and accounting, archiving and insurance purposes, legal and business consulting and in the context of dispute resolution. For this purpose, we process the following personal data categories about you:
Contact details (such as name, address, telephone number, email address)
Billing details (such as name, bank account number, credit card information)
3.3. For the development and improvement of our products and services
We process your personal data in order to assess, analyse and improve our products and services. We use aggregated personal data to analyse customer accounts and to adjust our products and services accordingly. When you use our products and services, we also process your personal data to compile analytics reports for internal development purposes. For this purpose, we process the following personal data categories about you:
Contact details (such as name, address, telephone number, email address)
Location details
Charge token ID (e.g. NL-GFX-XXXXXXXX)
3.4. When you interact with us
a) To communicate with you (online and offline)
If you get in touch with us via our contact details or via our website, we will use your personal data in order to reply and answer your question. We may use your name, contact details, your correspondence with us, your question and all other personal data which are provided by you or necessary to answer your question.
b) When you use our website
I. To deliver you our website's functionalities and for its technical and functional management
If you use our website, we process technical data to offer you our website functionalities and to allow our website's administrators to manage and improve our website's performance. If you enter data in our website, we process these data to provide you with the requested information or functionalities.
Also, we process your personal data to allow you to save your data (such as preferences) on your device. GreenFlux also uses cookies to ensure you can retrieve information from our website quickly and easily. Read more about cookies on
www.greenflux.com/cookies
.
For this purpose, we process the personal data you have entered into our website or that is generated by the functionalities you have used in our website and the technical data from your device such as its IP address, the internet browser you use, the pages you have visited on our website, your clicking and surfing behaviour and the length of your session.
II. To allow you to connect with us (e.g. via social media)
We are active on social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. When you click one of the corresponding icons on our website, we will refer you to the website or app of the applicable external party.
When you contact us via social media or via our website, we process the personal data you supply to us in order to answer your questions and to respond to your messages. This may include your (user) name, address, email address, gender and other personal data you have included in your message. In addition, when you click one of the buttons displayed, the relevant third party might place cookies on your device. Read more about cookies on
www.greenflux.com/cookies
.
3.5. To send you marketing communications
We will send you communications with promotions, offers or other marketing information about our products and services if you use our products or services, or if you have given your permission to do so. If you do not wish to receive these communications, you may unsubscribe to these communications at any time through the ‘Unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of each communication.
3.6. When you apply for a job at GreenFlux
If you apply for a job at GreenFlux, we process your data in order to facilitate the job application procedure.
For this purpose, we process the personal data that you provide through our or that we collect during the recruitment process including, but not limited to:
Contact details such as full name, email address, phone number
Picture, cover letter, résumé and LinkedIn profile
Work permit status
3.7. To perform marketing analysis
Personal data is also processed in the context of marketing, product- and customer analyses. This processing forms the basis for marketing, process- and business development to optimize our customer offerings. This may also involve profiling.
Profiling means any automated processing of personal data consisting in the use of such personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person. Examples of such profiling include the analysis of data (e.g. based on statistical methods) with the aim of displaying personalized advertising or newsletters.
3.8. To comply with the law
In some cases, we process your personal data to comply with applicable laws and regulations. This could, for example, be the case where tax or business conduct related obligations apply. Also, in order to comply with relevant laws and regulations, we may need to disclose your personal data as a consequence of a request of a regulatory agency or supervisory authority. For this purpose, we may process the following personal data categories about you:
Contact details (such as name, address, telephone number, email address)
Billing details (such as name, bank account number, credit card information)
Location details
Charge token ID (e.g. NL-GFX-XXXXXXXX)
Vehicle ID (for Autocharge)
4. Who has access to your personal data?
4.1. Access to your personal data within GreenFlux
We ensure that your personal data is only shared internally to the extent necessary to serve the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement. Our employees are aware of the need to respect your privacy and are authorized only to access personal data when it is necessary for them to carry out their respective functions.
4.2. Access to your personal data by external parties
The following categories of external parties may have access to your personal data, only if relevant, for providing their products or services to us:
IT partners (to provide technical and operational maintenance)
Payment service providers (to process payments made through Charge Assist)
Marketing service providers (to store personal data in databases that are used for marketing purposes)
When external parties are given access to your personal data, we will take the required contractual, technical and organizational measures to ensure that your personal data are only used by those external parties to the extent that such use is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement. The external parties may only access your personal data in accordance with contractual obligations with GreenFlux and applicable law.
If your personal data are transferred to a recipient in a country outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) that does not provide an adequate level of protection for personal data, we will take measures to ensure that your personal data are adequately protected, such as entering into EU Standard Contractual Clauses with these recipients. In other cases, your personal data will not be supplied to external parties, except where required or permitted by law.
4.3. The use of your personal data by data processors
When an external party processes your personal data solely following GreenFlux’ instructions, it acts as a data processor. Prior to interacting with such data processors, we enter into a data processing agreement with them for the processing of personal data. In this agreement we include obligations to ensure that your personal data are processed by the data processor solely to provide services to us and that this is done subject to the same level of protection as awarded to you by GreenFlux.
5. How are your personal data secured?
GreenFlux has taken adequate safeguards to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data. We have implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access as well as all other forms of unlawful processing (including, but not limited to, unnecessary collection) or further processing.
6. How long are your personal data retained?
GreenFlux ensures that it retains personal data only if it is necessary for specific purposes. Your personal data will be deleted or made anonymous when your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which these personal data were collected.
7. How can you exercise your privacy rights?
You have the right to request access of an overview or copy of your personal data, and under certain conditions, rectification and/or erasure of personal data. In addition, you may also have the right of restriction of processing concerning your personal data, the right to object to processing as well as the right to data portability.
To invoke your right of access, rectification, and/or erasure of personal data, your right of restriction of processing, and/or your right to object to processing as well as to invoke your right to data portability, please contact us by using the contact details at the bottom of this Privacy Statement. Please keep in mind that we may ask for additional information to verify your identity.
If you have given your consent to a certain purpose, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Please keep in mind that withdrawal does not have retroactive effect. You can contact us by using the contact details at the bottom of this Privacy Statement.
8. Can you lodge a complaint?
You can lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority when you have a complaint about the use of your personal data by GreenFlux. For example, if you believe that we do not process your personal data carefully, or because you have sent us a request to access or rectification of your personal data and you are not satisfied with our reply or we did not reply in a timely manner.
The contact details of the Dutch data protection supervisory authority are:
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
Bezuidenhoutseweg 30
2594 AV The Hague
The Netherlands
autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl
9. How can you contact us?
If you have any questions about the way we process your personal data, please read this Privacy Statement first. For additional questions or complaints, please contact:
GreenFlux Assets B.V.
Joan Muyskenweg 22
1096 CJ Amsterdam
The Netherlands
privacy [at] greenflux.com
Home
Privacy Statement
Top