PRIVACY POLICY
Updated and Effective as of April 12, 2022
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.General.
2. Personal Data (types, purposes, legal basis).
3. Ways of using personal information.
4. Third-party processing personal data.
5. Store personal information.
6. Personal data protection.
7. User’s rights.
8. Age required.
9. Specific provisions applicable under California privacy law.
10. Contact details
GENERAL
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community!
This privacy policy describes how our organization Digital Solutions LLC collects, uses, stores, transfers and discloses personal information from our Users in connection with our Services. One way to protect your privacy is to learn how will be used personal information before you give it out. We attach great importance to your privacy right and truthfully explaining why and how we use your information. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and any implementing legislation (the "GDPR"), Digital Solutions LLC will be the data controller responsible for any personal data we process.
In this privacy policy, the following definitions are used:
«
Services
» refers to our Apps, Websites, and any related services or properties we control;
«
Apps
» refers to games, applications, and other products produced by us on any and all platforms;
«
Websites
» refers to websites and other online properties we control;
«
Personal Data
» is used when referring to personal data that relates to you as an identified or identifiable individual;
«
Anonymous data
» does not include data where the identity has been removed;
«
User, consumer
» is any third party that use our Services.
We have the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time
so please be sure to check regularly
. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the primary access points to the Services or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Please read this Policy carefully and do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions at support@digisoapps.com. Where applicable, if you do not provide us the relevant Personal Data, you may not be able to use our Services completely. You should not use the Services if you do not agree with this Policy, our Terms of Use.
How to contact us:
Name: Digital Solutions LLC
Address: 17852 E Purdue Pl Aurora CO 80013A USA
E-mail: support@digisoapps.com
2. PERSONAL DATA (TYPES, PURPOSES, LEGAL BASIS)
2.1. When you use our Services, we may collect, use, receive, process, transfer and share some of your Personal Data for different legitimate purposes. You will find below explanations regarding what Personal Data we may collect, the reasons why we may collect this data and the legal bases relied on in each case. Please, be notice that the types of information that we may collect depend on how you use the Services and interact with us.
Personal Data
Purposes
Legal Basis
User-provided information (In certain cases, we may require certain Registration Information, and in other cases we may simply ask that you voluntarily provide such Registration Information.)
Registration Information
(your name (or nickname); login/name/e-mail address, password, age, gender);
Location information
(IP address; Time zone; Information about your mobile service provider).
To register for the Services (to create an account) – only if its applicable to App.
Contract* (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
To provide and deliver the Services, to enable to track your activity, to show information the app and your progress
Your name, e-mail, content of your question or request, telephone number
To communicate with us (for example: to answer your question and requests).
Legitimate interest* ((art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR)
User generated content (only if user voluntarily provide it):
chat data, pictures, texts, information that you provide in communications with our support team and others.
To provide all features of the Services.
We obtain only the specific images you chose to modify using the App; we do not collect your photo albums even if you grant us your access to them. We take steps to delete any metadata that may be associated with a photograph you provide when you use the App.
Contract (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
User’s pictures: photos (via your camera or camera roll) user provide when he used the App, face data (face picture manipulations)
This data is needed to provide services to Users (to take funny selfies and make funny videos and pictures). Please, be aware that we may collect this kind of data if you have granted us permission to access your camera or photo gallery. We do not collect your photo albums even if you grant us access to them. In order to provide users with our effects, the app needs to access to users face photos (or pictures). We do not use face recognition technologies or other technical means. We do not collect any biometrical data.
Contract (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
Name, e-mail, date of birth, details of your purchase and payment history
For billing (invoicing), account management and other administrative purposes, if applicable.
Contract (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
Automatically collected information
Device Info
: type and model, internet service provider, two-character country code, subdivision of country (e.g., state), city, two-character language code, operating system, model number, device type (phone, tablet), operating system and version number (ex.: ios 7.1.3, android), hardware type, connection type (for example, WiFi, 3G, 4G), network service provider, device motion parameters and carrier.
Identity Data
(only identify a computer, device, browser or Application): IP Address; ID for advertisers (IDFA) (iOS only); Google Advertising ID, or GPS ADID (ID Device) if Google Advertising ID is empty; API level (Android only); Firebase ID.
Usage Data (Events)
: Indicates if the activity happened on mobile or web; Length of user's last session, in seconds; Length of user's current session, in seconds; Number of sessions recorded; Push notification token, i.e., registration token (Android), device token (iOS); clicks on User’s ads; the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed; downloads and installations of applications.
Diagnostic information
: for example, logs, error reports and events and the type, number, date and page relating to this information.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
: Cookies, web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"), embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, fingerprinting, device recognition technologies, in-app tracking methods and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed ("Tracking Technologies") may be used to collect information about interactions with the Service or e-mails, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior.
To analyze, operate, and improve our Services, to customize our Services, to support the existing functions of the Services, to conduct research and create reports for internal use;
To understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
We store Advertising ID to track the success of our advertising and marketing programs;
To store your App Data and App progress;
To connect to our Services;
To comply with legal obligations and law enforcement requests.
Legitimate interest to improve our service (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR)
To provide you with feedback and information about your progress.
To provide you Services
Contract (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
We may send push notifications to the User to send you app updates, high scores and other service-related notifications that may be of importance to you (You can disable this anytime in your phone settings);
To send you information and marketing communications about our services such as tips, offers, and newsletters through emails and push notifications.
Consent* (art. 6(1)(a) of GDPR)
Information received from third parties
If you sign into the Services with Facebook Connect (Instagram) or Google Connect or Apple we will collect information that is visible via your Facebook or Google account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2) Facebook ID/Google ID/Apple ID (3) Profile Picture/URL, city level location
Alternative way to register (only for voluntarily users desires)
Contract (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR)
Analytics information: we integrate certain analytics software, a third-party analytics provider in some of our Apps. (user ID, in-Apps activity data, advertising ID, IP address, location)
To help us optimise our Apps features and events to each User.
To allow us to track performance of our marketing campaigns
Legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR)
Any information that may be required by law
To comply with our legal obligations, including requests from public authorities.
The legal basis* (art. 6(1)(c) of the GDPR)
*We generally process your personal data on the following legal bases:
Contract.
You have entered a contract with us and we need to use some of your personal data to provide services you have requested or take steps that you request prior to providing services. For example, we cannot create an account for you if you do not provide required information like your email address. If you do not provide information indicated as required or mandatory within our service, it will not be available to you.
Legal obligations.
We may have to process or share your personal data to comply with legal obligations, such as to comply with a subpoena or legal process.
Legitimate interests.
We process your personal data for purposes that constitute our legitimate interests, such as fraud prevention and safety; protecting our, your or others’ property rights; exercising or defending legal claims; investigating violations of and enforcing our Terms of Use; analyzing and improving our services; and marketing and advertising.
Consent.
In some cases, we may process your personal data based on your consent, such as where we request access to data on your mobile device through the prompts in your device’s operating system. You have the right to withdraw your consent anytime in the manner indicated at the time consent is requested with no impact on the validity and lawfulness of collection or processing based on the consent made before its withdrawal.
2.2. Our Services allow in-app purchases. In-app purchases are not mandatory and it is up to you whether to pay for accessing such functionality or not. You should know that we don’t process payments directly, payments processed via Apple App Store (Apple, https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/) and through the Google Play Store (Google, https://policies.google.com/privacy). Payment processing takes place through a payment system, integrated into the app store, appropriate for your platform. We may receive the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by someone else (like, Apple or Google, or PayPal, Solidgate, Stripe) such as when you purchase subscription. If you purchase the subscriptions in our apps, our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address and financial information. We don’t collect or store payment data, details or payments-related personal data. However, our’s payment processors may share information with us related to your purchases. We may use this information for purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
2.3. The app requires your permission to access your microphone recordings and your photo and video library when you use the app to activate voice command and to enable you to share your achievements on your social media accounts. However, we do not collect or have access to such data.
2.4. We may anonymize your Personal Data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes. In such cases we may use anonymous information without further notice to you since such information is not considered as Personal Data and cannot be connected with you.
3. WAYS OF USING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Purpose of this Privacy Policy is fulfillment of the provisions of the Terms of Service (“Contract”) concluded between the User and Digital Solutions LLC. We collect user’s personal data when user starts using our Services. For example, we may use the Personal Data in the following ways:
(i) To provide User Service.
Our main aim is to perform our contractual obligation towards User and make our Service available to User. We use information that you submit and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services.
(ii) Account setup and administration:
We use Registration information and information about your device to set up and administer your account, provide technical and customer support and training, verify your identity, and send important account, subscription, and Service information.
(iii) Personalization:
We use Personal Data to personalize your experience with our Services. Some of our Services will ask you to share your geolocation so we can customize your experience and increase the accuracy of the Service. If you agree to share your geolocation with us, you will be able to turn it off at any time by going to the privacy settings on your mobile device or online. For example, we may ask for age verification if we have reasonable doubts regarding your age.
(iv) Providing you with interest-based (behavioural) advertising or other targeted content.
We may use information that is processed automatically for marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based on your preferences). We provide personalized content and information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing. To make choices about Interest-Based Ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance or Network Advertising Initiative consumer opt-out pages, which are located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or http://www.aboutads.info/choices. Users in the European Union should visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
(v) To communicate with you.
We use the information we have to communicate with you through newsletters, i.e. to send you marketing notifications, receive your feedback about our App experience, and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
(vi) Research and development:
We use Personal Data for internal research and development purposes and to improve and test the features and functions of our Services. We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behaviour and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our App.
(vii) Legal obligations:
We may be required to use and retain Personal Data for legal and compliance reasons, such as the prevention, detection, or investigation of a crime; loss prevention; or fraud.
(viii)
Send you
push notifications, related information, including confirmations and reminders
(if you choose to allow that function)—
user can choose to stop disable these at any time, by opting out or changing your browser or device settings.
(ix)
We may use
Automatically Collected
information and Cookies information to maintain and improve our Services, including to do the following things: (a) automatically update the applications on your system; (b) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you access our Services; (c) provide customized third-party advertisements, content and information, unless it will include instructions on how to opt out of receiving these advertisements, content and information in the future; (d) monitor the effectiveness of third-party marketing campaigns; (e) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages accessed.
4. THIRD-PARTY PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
We may share your information to third-party companies to perform certain services, including but not limited to hosting services, payment processing, analytics, customer service and to assist us in our marketing efforts. We share your Personal Data with certain third parties as part of our operation of the Service, whether shared by us or gathered directly by third parties through SDKs integrated into the Service. This data sharing enables us to provide you with the Service in the optimal way, such as serving you personalized, relevant advertisements within the Service. We hereby undertake not to conduct any disclosure or transfer of the User’s personal data to any third parties, except Processors, mentioned in this paragraph, without receipt of personal consent of the User. The following companies are the Processors of the Personal Data of the Services of Digital Solutions LLC (In case you want to learn more about the services and privacy options please consult their websites and privacy policies):
Processor
Purpose
Policy and opt-out
Customer support
Zendesk Inc.
Customer support (Email address
Content of the emails)
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-policy//
Ad Partners: usually collect data via their own tools (Software Development Kits or “SDK”)
Aarki, Inc.
Advertising service. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
You may opt-out of certain features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided in their Privacy Policy.
You may visit www.aboutads.info/choices or www.youronlinechoices.eu (for individuals in the EU) to learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of this form of advertising on your web browser by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) self-regulatory program.
http://corp.aarki.com/privacy
AppLovin Corp
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AdColony, Inc
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
ArabyAds FZ LLC (AdFalcon)
http://adfalcon.com/en/
Chartboost, Inc.
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Fyber N.V
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
IronSource Mobile Ltd.
https://ironsource.mobi/privacypolicy.html
Index Exchange, Inc.
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
F@N Comamunications, Inc. (Nend)
https://www.fancs.com/en/privacy
OpenX Software Ltd.
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Rubicon Project
https://rubiconproject.com/rubicon-project-advertising-technology-privacy-policy/
Smaato, Inc.
https://www.smaato.com
Unity Technologies
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
UnrulyX
https://unruly.co/legal/privacy/
Snap Inc.
https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy/
Tapjoy inc.
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/players/privacy-policy/
TripleLift
https://triplelift.com/privacy/
Twitter, Inc. (MoPub)
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
Verizon Media (Flurry)
https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html
Zucks, Inc.
https://zucks.co.jp/en/privacy/
Analytic companies: provide us with tools and technologies that allow us to better understand how users interact with our services, usually collect data via their own SDKs
AppsFlyer,
Ltd.
https://www.appsflyer.com/we-are-appsflyer/
and its integrated partners https://www.appsflyer.com/partners/
Mobile attribution and analytics. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. AppsFlyer, a mobile marketing platform, helps App-Developers, Brands and Ad-Agencies attribute installs to campaigns and optimize their users’ acquisition funnel. Personal Data collected: Device Info, Identity Data.
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Amplitude, Inc.
Analytics service. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Other partners
Apple, Inc.
To collect and process payments for subscription to the App. Personal Data collected: Payment and banking information and Usage Data.
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210584
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Hosting and backend service
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
BunnyWay d.o.o.
CDN Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
https://bunnycdn.com/privacy
Hetzner Online GmbH
Internet hosting.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data
https://www.hetzner.com/rechtliches/datenschutz/
Facebook Ireland Ltd.
Our Services measures conversions using visitor action pixels from Facebook. This allows an analysis of the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes and their future optimization. Facebook Analytics is an analytics tool provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that may collect or receive information from our Services. You can manage your personalized ad preferences in relation to Facebook directly from your Facebook account. Personal Data collected: Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Google Inc.
To collect and process payments for subscription to the App; AdMob Google Inc. is an advertising service. Personal Data collected: Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data.
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=ru , https://firebase.google.com/terms/analytics/
PayPal
To collect and process payments for subscription to the App
https://www.paypal.com/by/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Solid
https://solidgate.com/privacypolicy
2checkout
https://www.2checkout.com/legal/privacy/
Stripe
https://stripe.com/en-gb-us/privacy
Competent Authorities
To comply with a legal obligation, process or requests.
If we are bound to disclose your personal data by a judicial order or by a governmental or regulatory authority, we will comply and share the personal data with that body.
5. STORE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will keep your Personal Information for the length of time required to provide you with the Service and for the reasons described in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Afterwards, we delete all aforementioned data in our possession within a reasonable timeframe. We do not verify the correctness of personal data that we collect or you provide. In all cases, Digital Solutions LLC does not retain such data for more than 5 years. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account. Except for any legal obligation that sets a longer data retention period, at the end of these periods, the processed personal data will be deleted or anonymized.
6. PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
6.1. Personal data may be processed by both automated and non-automated means, and may be stored at our premises and on our service providers’ servers. We understand that unfortunately, the transmission of Information via the internet is not completely secure. We do all our best to maintain the privacy and integrity of your Information. We have implemented industry standard security measures, which include the encryption to protect your personal information, including all information you input into your habit data or share in Services, and this information is not available to third parties. However, transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure, and you should not provide any personal data if you want to avoid any risk.
6.2. We work in the international space and provide our Services to our Users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. You acknowledge and agree that The locations of servers for the services include:
(1) Cyprus and Germany (The European Union) - the servers located in European Union which automatically process your personal data and obtain the access to your personal data for the purposes of manual processing;
Your data will be processed on our servers which may not be located in your country of residence and can be accessed by our support, engineering around the world. No matter where our servers are located, we will make great efforts to take the appropriate safeguards to guarantee your rights in conformity with this Privacy Policy and any applicable laws. This means that your personal information can be transferred to a third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to the international organization where data protection and confidentiality regulations may not provide the same level of protection of a personal data as your country does. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
7. USER’S RIGHTS
We attach great importance to user’s privacy and would like to explain your data protection rights.
(i)
The right to withdrawal.
It’s important to remember that if we process your data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Withdrawal is made by the mere notification of the Digital Solutions LLC via its Support service, i.e. by sending an e-mail to the address support@digisoapps.com with the topic «Consent withdrawal» or in the Settings menu of the application.
(ii
) The right to know
what Personal Data we hold, how and why we handle your Personal Data. You can ask us for a copy of your Personal Data. If you would like to exercise your right of access, please contact us as described below and let us know what information in particular you would like to receive.
(iii)
The
right to opt-out
of direct or target interest advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings on your device settings menu. Please note that even if you use your right to opt-out it you will still receive advertising, but not direct or target interest. On Apple you can opt-out this by going to Settings > Privacy > Advertising and turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”. On Android you can opt-out by going to Settings > Google services > Ads and turning on choosing “Opt out of Ads Personalization”.
(iv)
The right to request an update or correction (rectify)
to any of your Personal Data which is out of date, incomplete or incorrect (according to Article 16 of the GDPR). In certain specific circumstances you have the right to ask us to delete your Personal Data which we are holding about you.
(v)
The right to delete your personal data. (Right to be forgotten).
You have the right to request that we delete certain of your personal data.
(vi) The right to object.
You have the right to object to ours processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. Object to us processing your personal data at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation Object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes.
(vii) The right to restrict processing of your personal data
under the conditions set out in Article 18 of the GDPR or any other applicable laws in your country of residence.
(viii)
The right to portability of your personal data.
In some circumstances, you may have the right to request that data which you have provided to us is provided to you, so you can transfer this to another data controller.
(ix)
The right to complain
to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Please see this directory for contact details: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en. If you are in Switzerland, please visit this FDPIC site for contact details:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html
.
(x)
The right to Data portability.
You have the right to Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service.
(xi)
The right to request access
to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. You have the right to request us for copies of your personal data. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request. We will respond to your request within 30 business days. The User is empowered to request one copy of the personal data undergoing processing free of charge. Any additional copies are provided on a reimbursement basis.
You may send the request aimed at exercising your rights provided herein to our email or to our business address: 17852 E Purdue Pl Aurora CO 80013A USA. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
8.
AGE REQUIRED
Our Services usually have a minimum age requirement of users and are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data relating to children. Children should never disclose their name, address or phone number, or any personal information, without their parents’ prior permission. We consider a user to be a child if they are under the age of 13, unless more stringent regulation applies in their country of residence. In EU countries, users under the age of 16 are considered children, unless the data protection regulation of their country of residence specifies another age. If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal information without your consent, please contact us and we will take the required steps to delete such information. Moreover, some of the Apps are limited for users that are younger than 18.
9.
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS APPLICABLE UNDER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY LAW
This is additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). We adopted this paragraph to comply with CCPA and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
California law requires us to disclose information about the categories of personal information we collect and how we use them, the categories of sources from which we collect personal information, and the third parties with whom we share personal information. We have provided detailed descriptions above in this policy. In particular, our Services have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
NO
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information), driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data (Hair color, eye color, fingerprints, height, retina scans, facial recognition, voice, and other biometric data).
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Only general information about country and city (NOT GPS)
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information with nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing uses as contemplated by California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code § 1798.83), unless we have your permission. We do share personal information with the Processors of the Personal Data of the Services of Digital Solutions LLC mentioned in paragraph 4.
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below:
You can request information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past
12 months including the categories of personal information collected, the sources from which we collected personal information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information, and the third parties with whom we shared personal information.
You can request a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months. Also, according to the California “Shine the Light” law users who are California residents have the right to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. To make such a request from us, if entitled, please use the contact information listed below.
You can ask us to delete personal information we have collected from you. We may need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete some or all of your information, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.
You have the right to be Free from Discrimination. We may not discriminate against you because you have exercised your rights, including, for example, by denying you access to our online services or charging you different rates or prices for the same online services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data.
You have
the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Information, which is defined in a way that may include the transfer of data to third parties to personalize ads for you. Please note that the CCPA defines the term “sale” very broadly to include any exchange of data for consideration of any kind, not simply selling your data for monetary compensation. Depending upon the circumstances, the term “sale” could include a company providing a resident’s data to another entity to assist the company with targeted advertising. We do not sell to third parties, and within the last 12 months have not sold, any of your personal information. If you opt out of the ‘sale’ of your information, we will not sell your information, including to our advertising partners, but you may continue to receive ads from our Services, which may not be as tailored to your interests.
You may exercise your California privacy rights described above by emailing us. We will need to confirm your identity (e.g. first name, last name, account name, email address, state of residence, etc.) and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
10. CONTACT DETAILS OF THE DIGITAL SOLUTIONS LLC:
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, you may contact us:
How to contact us:
Name: Digital Solutions LLC
Address: 17852 E Purdue Pl Aurora CO 80013A USA
E-mail: support@digisoapps.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).