Sinuo Xing and its affiliate companies (“we”) respect the privacy of its online visitors (“you”). We have adopted a Privacy Policy that explains how we collect, use, and use the information you provide us. We refer to all of our mobile game products, together with our other services and websites as "Services" in this policy.  This policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you.  Your choices include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you. Using our Services indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.
1.What information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.
(1) Information you provide to us
We collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us. Profile Information: We collect information about you when you create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the Services. For example, you have the option of adding a display name, profile photo, age, gender, geographic information and other details to your profile information to be displayed in our Services.  Content you provide through our products: We collect and store content that you send, receive and share when you use the Services. This content includes any information about you that you may choose to include. Examples of content we collect and store include but not limited to: the messages you post, exchange or reply in message boards, forums or chat areas, comments you enter in connection with a survey, information you provide in a contest registrations, and any feedback you provide to us.  Content also includes the files and links you upload to the Services.  Content you provide through our websites: The Services also include our websites owned or operated by us. We collect other content that you submit to these websites, which include social media or social networking websites operated by us. For example, you provide content to us when you provide feedback or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, activities or events. Information you provide through our support channels: The Services also include our customer services and technical support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a Service.  Whether you speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue. Payment Information:  We collect certain payment and billing information when you purchase certain paid Services. You might also provide payment information, such as payment card details, which we collect via secure payment processing services.
(2) Information we collect automatically when you use the Services
We collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites, playing our games and taking certain actions within the Services. Your use of the Services: We keep track of certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Services. This information includes the features you use; the links you click on; the type, size and filenames of attachments you upload to the Services; and how you interact with others on the Services.  Device and Connection Information: We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better Service experience.
(3) Information we receive from other sources
We receive information about you from other Service users, from third-party services, from our related companies, and from our business and channel partners. Other services you link to your account: We receive information about you when you integrate or link a third-party service with our Services.  For example, if you log into the Services using your Google credentials, we receive your name and email address as permitted by your Google profile settings in order to authenticate you. The information we receive when you link or integrate our Services with a third-party service depends on the settings, permissions and privacy policy controlled by that third-party service. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand what data may be disclosed to us or shared with our Services. Other Partners: We receive information about you and your activities on and off the Services from third-party partners, such as advertising and market research partners who provide us with information about your interest in and engagement with, our Services and online advertisements.
Please note that, depending on the Services that you are using, some of the information listed above may not be collected.
2.How we use information we collect
Below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you. We use information about you to fulfill your product or service order; alert you of new products or services, features, or enhancements; handle/route your customer service or technical support questions or issues; to send “Recruit-a-Friend” emails; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities, contests, promotions, or special events and offers. We may enhance or merge the information collected from our Services with data from third parties in order to update your contact information, perform market analysis, or improve our products, services, or systems. We may use your personal information for internal marketing, profiling, or demographic purposes, so we can adapt our Services to better suit your needs. We do this to better understand and serve you. Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.   We also use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.  Where we are using your information, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.
3.How we share information we collect
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our Services. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Service or Use Agreements for our Services, or may be causing injury to or interference (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, other users of our Services, or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities. We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities.
We share information we collect with affiliated companies and, in some cases, with prospective affiliates, in order to operate and improve products and services and to offer other affiliated services to you.  Affiliated companies are companies owned or operated by us.  The protections of this privacy policy apply to the information we share in these circumstances.  As with any business, your information is also an asset of us and will become part of our normal business records. As such, we may also disclose your personal information to a third party if we decide to sell a line of business to that third party, so you can continue to receive service and information in connection with that line of business with as little disruption as possible. Similarly, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, your personal information may be transferred to our successor or assign.
The Services may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit information to any of those third party sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
We may also have message boards, forums, and/or chat areas, where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another. When posting to a message board, forum, or chat area, please be aware that the information is being made publicly available online and the user does so at his or her own risk. For certain forums, anyone posting or replying to a post may be doing so using their full first and last name with the option to also display the name of their primary in-game character. If your personal information is posted on one of our community forums, you may contact us at or our customer service in game to request removal. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
4.How we store and secure information we collect
(1) Information storage and security
We use data hosting service providers in the United States to host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data.   While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
(2) How long we keep information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below.  After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.   We retain your information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services.  We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you.
5.How to access and control your information
You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, to amend your information or to request your information in a structured, electronic format.  If you no longer wish to use our Services, you may be able to deactivate your Services account. For all requests, you may contact us at or our customer service in game. Your request and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we or your administrator are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.  Delete your information: Our Services give you the ability to delete certain information about you from within the Service. For example, you can remove content that contains information about you using the key word search and editing tools associated with that content, and you can remove certain profile information within your profile settings. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.
6.Other important privacy information
(1) Our policy towards children
The Services are not directed to individuals under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact our customer service in game.
(2) Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. The date of the last update indicates the date of the most recent modifications. If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Services.
Your information is controlled by Sinuo Xing.  If you have questions or concerns about how your information is handled, please direct your inquiry to Sinuo Xing. The contact email is
gm@sinuolimit.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated and effective on
May 25, 2018.