Legal
Platform
Terms of Service
Tomorrow.io Product Privacy Policy
Mobile App
App End User License Agreement
App Privacy Policy
Amazon Alexa Terms of Use
Website
Website Terms of Use
Website Privacy Policy
Website Cookie Policy
Compliance
Changelog
Weather by Tomorrow Consumer Mobile App Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 30th, 2021
1. Introduction
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. (“us”, “we” or “Company”) respect the privacy of our users (each, “you” or “User”) and are committed to protect the privacy of Users who access, download, install or register to our mobile application (the “Application”), or any other online services we provide (collectively: the “Services”). The Company has prepared this Privacy Policy to outline our practices with respect to collecting, using and disclosing your information when you use the Services.
Unfortunately, the Services are currently not available to users in the EEC who are under 16 years old. If you are a resident of the EEC and are not at least 16 years old, do not use the Services and do not provide us with any personal data relating to you. We reserve the right to access and verify any Personal Information collected from you by us. In the event that we become aware that an individual under the age of 16 has shared any information, we will discard such information. If you have any reason to believe that a minor has shared any information with us, it will be advisable to contact us at:
support@tomorrow.io
.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy carefully and use it to make informed decisions. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Services constitutes your ongoing agreement to the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services and do not provide us with any information.
The Privacy Policy is a part of the Terms of Service and is incorporated therein by reference.
In this Privacy Policy you will read about, among other things:
▪ What type of information we collect
▪ Mobile analysis and Google Analytics
▪ How we use the information
▪ With whom we share the information and for what purpose
▪ For how long we retain the information
▪ Your privacy rights
▪ How we protect your information
▪ International Transfers
▪ Marketing
▪ How to contact us
2. What type of information we collect
We may collect two types of data and information from our Users.
The first type of information is un-identified and non-identifiable information pertaining to you, which may be made available or gathered via your use of the Services (“Non-personal Information”). We are not aware of the identity from which the Non-personal Information is collected. Non-personal Information which is collected may include your aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, including certain software and hardware information about your device (e.g., the device you use, the type of browser and operating system your device uses, language preference, access time and the website’s domain name from which you linked to the Services, etc.), in order to enhance the functionality of the Services. We may also collect information about your activity on the Services (e.g., clicks, actions, online browsing, etc.).
The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“Personal Information”). Such information may include:
• Account Information:
When you sign-up and register to the Services, you will be asked to provide us certain details about yourself. When you register to the Services through the Application, we may collect from you the following information: full name, phone number, email address, as well as any other information you agreed to share with us.
• Voluntarily Information:
We may collect information which you provide us voluntarily. For instance, when you respond to communications from us, communicate with us via email or share additional information about yourself through your use of the Services. We may also collect the feedback, suggestions, complaints and reports which you send to us. Please note that we may also collect complaints about you from other Users, which may include your Personal Information.
• Device Information:
We may collect Personal Information from your device. Such information may include geolocation data, IP address, unique identifiers, as well as other information which relates to your activity through the Services.
For avoidance of doubt, if we combine Personal Information with Non-personal Information, the combined information will be treated as Personal Information as long as it remains combined.
3. Mobile analysis and Google Analytics
We may use various tracking technologies or methods of web and mobile analysis (e.g., Mixpanel, Pixels, etc.) to gather, store, and track certain information related with your access to and activity through the Services.
We may also use a tool called Google Analytics to collect information about your use of the Services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users access the Services, what pages they visit when they do so, etc. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Services. Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit sites, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the
Google Analytics Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
. For information about opting-out of Google Analytics cookies, click
here
.
4. How we use the information
We use and share Personal Information in the manners described in this Privacy Policy. In addition to the purposes listed above, the information we collect, which may include your Personal Information, is used for the following purposes:
• To set up your account and to provide the Services;
• To allow you to share and view content shared on the Services;
• To identify and authenticate your access to certain features of the Services;
• To send you relevant push notifications, which are based on different activities offered by the Services, such as: weather alerts, etc.
• To communicate with you and to keep you informed of our latest updates (e.g., via text messages and/or email massages);
• To market our website, products and the Services;
• To perform a research or to conduct analytics in order to improve and customize the Services to your needs and interests;
• To support and troubleshoot the Services and to respond to your queries;
• To investigate and resolve disputes in connection with your use of the Services;
• To detect and prevent fraudulent and illegal activity or any other type of activity that may jeopardize or negatively affect the integrity of the Services; and
• To investigate violations and enforce our policies, and as required by law, regulation or other governmental authority, or to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or respond to a government request.
5. With whom we share the information and for what purpose
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with third-parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share Personal Information with the following recipients: (i) our subsidiaries; (ii) affiliated companies; (iii) subcontractors and other third-party service providers (e.g., Drift, HubSpot, SupportYourApp); (iv) auditors or advisers of our business processes; and (v) any potential purchasers or investors in the Company.
In addition to the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, we may share Personal Information with our recipients for any of the following purposes: (i) storing or processing Personal Information on our behalf (e.g., cloud computing service providers – Google Cloud (GCP) and Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)); (ii) processing such information to assist us with our business operations; (iii) performing research, technical diagnostics, personalization and analytics and (iv) communicating promotional and informational materials, in accordance with our marketing policy (see below under “Marketing”).
We may also disclose Personal Information, or any information you submitted via the Services if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our affiliates, our Users, yourself or any third-party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies; and (vii) in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights.
6. Third-party collection of information
Our Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties via the Services (e.g., by clicking on a link to any other website or location) or via other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them.
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the products, services, or descriptions of products or services that you receive from third-party sites or to the content or privacy practices of those sites, and that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any such third-party products and services. You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using third-party sites to purchase products and services. You agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third-party sites and your usage of them.
7. Your privacy rights
We respect your privacy rights and therefore you may contact us at any time and request: (i) to access, delete, change or update any Personal Information relating to you (for example, if you believe that your Personal Information is incorrect, you may ask to have it corrected or deleted); or (ii) that we will cease any further use of your Personal Information (for example, you may ask that we will stop using or sharing your Personal Information with third-parties) or that we shall remove your Personal Information (subject to any other legal obligation that may require us to keep the information).
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your Personal Information, please contact us directly at:
support@tomorrow.io
.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are collecting or processing your Personal Information not in accordance with the laws, you can complain to the applicable data protection authority.
8. For how long we retain the information
Please note that unless you instruct us otherwise and to the extent permitted by applicable law, we will retain personal information about you for the period of time appropriate for us to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements, whichever is longer. We may delete information from our systems, without notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for the purposes set forth above.
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
9. How we protect your information
We take great care in implementing and maintaining the security of the Services and your information. We employ industry standard procedures and policies to ensure the safety of your information, and prevent unauthorized use of any such information. Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse the Services, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.
If you feel that your privacy was treated not in accordance with our Privacy Policy, or if any person attempted to abuse the Services or acted in an inappropriate manner, please contact us directly at
support@tomorrow.io
.
10. Corporate transaction
We may share information, including Personal Information, in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g., sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale of an asset or transfer in the operation thereof) of the Company. In the event of the above, the acquiring company or transferee will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
11. Updates or amendments to the Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, in our sole discretion, and the most current version will always be posted on our website (
tomorrow.io/legal
) or Application (as reflected in the “Last Revised” heading). In the event of a material change to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you through the Services or
via email, or you may be notified within the Application. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your continued use of the Services, following the notification of such amendments, constitutes your acknowledgement of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amendments.
12. International Transfers
Your Personal Information may also be transferred to countries which are not part of the European Union, namely Israel and the USA for storage and for the management of our services, including at our headquarters. In order to ensure an adequate level of security of your personal data in these countries, we provide and maintain the following guarantees: transfer to countries subject to an EC adequacy decision, SCC, and/or privacy shield certification. You hereby consent to the transfer of Personal Information to countries outside the European Union.
13. Marketing
We may use your Personal Information, such as your full name, email address, etc. ourselves or by using our third-party subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials, concerning the Services.
Out of respect to your right to privacy we provide you within such marketing materials with means to decline receiving further marketing offers from us. In addition, at any time, you may request to unsubscribe and discontinue receiving marketing offers by sending us a blank message with the word “remove” to
support@tomorrow.io
.
We may also use personal information to personalize ads displayed to you on our Website. You may opt out of or set your preferences for such use
here (Ad Choice)
.
Please note that even if you unsubscribe from our marketing mailing list, we may continue to send you service-related updates and notifications.
14. How to contact us
If you have any general questions regarding the Services or the information that we collect about you and how we use it, please contact us at
support@tomorrow.io
or use our postal address provided below.
15. Information about us
The details of the Company are as follows: The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
Tomorrow.io Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Revision: 30. März 2021
1. Einführung
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. (“wir”, “wir” oder “Unternehmen”) respektieren die Privatsphäre unserer Benutzer (jeder, “Sie” oder “Benutzer”) und verpflichten sich, die Privatsphäre von Benutzern zu schützen, die auf unsere mobile Anwendung (die “Anwendung”) oder auf alle anderen von uns angebotenen Online-Dienste (zusammen: die “Dienste”) zugreifen, diese herunterladen, installieren oder registrieren. Das Unternehmen hat diese Datenschutzerklärung erstellt, um unsere Praktiken in Bezug auf das Sammeln, Verwenden und Offenlegen Ihrer Daten bei der Nutzung der Dienste zu beschreiben.
Leider sind die Dienste derzeit für Benutzer in der EWG, die unter 16 Jahre alt sind, nicht verfügbar. Wenn Sie Einwohner der EWG sind und nicht mindestens 16 Jahre alt sind, nutzen Sie die Dienste nicht und geben Sie uns keine personenbezogenen Daten über Sie.
Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, auf alle von uns über Sie erfassten personenbezogenen Daten zuzugreifen und diese zu überprüfen. Für den Fall, dass uns bekannt wird, dass eine Person unter 16 Jahren Daten weitergegeben hat, werden wir diese Daten löschen. Wenn Sie Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass ein Minderjähriger Informationen an uns weitergegeben hat, ist es ratsam, uns zu kontaktieren:
support@tomorrow.io
.
Wir empfehlen Ihnen, die Datenschutzerklärung sorgfältig zu lesen und sie zu nutzen, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen. Mit der Nutzung der Dienste erklären Sie sich mit den Bedingungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung einverstanden, und Ihre fortgesetzte Nutzung der Dienste stellt Ihre laufende Zustimmung zur Datenschutzerklärung dar. Wenn Sie mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung nicht einverstanden sind, nutzen Sie bitte die Dienste nicht und geben Sie uns keine Informationen.
Die Datenschutzerklärung ist Teil der Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen und wird dort durch Verweis aufgenommen.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung werden Sie unter anderem darüber informiert:
▪ Welche Art von Informationen wir sammeln
▪ Mobile Analyse und Google Analytics
▪ Wie wir die Informationen verwenden
▪ Mit wem wir die Informationen teilen und zu welchem Zweck
▪ Wie lange wir die Informationen speichern
▪ Ihre Datenschutzrechte
▪ Wie wir Ihre Daten schützen
▪ Internationale Überweisungen
▪ Marketing
▪ So erreichen Sie uns
2. Welche Art von Informationen wir sammeln
Wir können zwei Arten von Daten und Informationen von unseren Benutzern erfassen.
Die erste Art von Informationen sind nicht identifizierte und nicht identifizierbare Informationen über Sie, die durch Ihre Nutzung der Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt oder gesammelt werden können (“Nicht personenbezogene Informationen”). Uns ist nicht bekannt, von welcher Identität die nicht-personenbezogenen Daten erfasst werden. Nicht personenbezogene Daten, die erfasst werden, können Ihre aggregierten Nutzungsinformationen und technischen Informationen beinhalten, die von Ihrem Gerät übertragen werden, einschließlich bestimmter Soft- und Hardwareinformationen über Ihr Gerät (z.B. das von Ihnen verwendete Gerät, der Browser- und Betriebssystemtyp, den Ihr Gerät verwendet, die Spracheinstellung, die Zugriffszeit und der Domänenname der Website, von der aus Sie mit den Diensten verbunden sind, usw.), um die Funktionalität der Dienste zu verbessern. Wir können auch Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf den Diensten sammeln (z.B. Klicks, Aktionen, Online-Browsing, etc.).
Die zweite Art von Informationen sind individuell identifizierbare Informationen, nämlich Informationen, die eine Person identifizieren oder mit angemessenem Aufwand eine Person identifizieren können (“Persönliche Informationen”). Zu diesen Informationen können gehören:
Kontoinformationen:
Wenn Sie sich anmelden und sich für die Dienste registrieren, werden Sie gebeten, uns bestimmte Angaben zu Ihrer Person zu machen. Wenn Sie sich über die Anwendung für die Dienste registrieren, können wir von Ihnen folgende Informationen erfassen: vollständiger Name, Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse sowie alle anderen Informationen, die Sie uns mitgeteilt haben.
Freiwillige Angaben:
Wir erfassen möglicherweise Informationen, die Sie uns freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen. Zum Beispiel, wenn Sie auf Mitteilungen von uns antworten, mit uns per E-Mail kommunizieren oder zusätzliche Informationen über sich selbst durch Ihre Nutzung der Dienste mitteilen. Wir können auch das Feedback, die Vorschläge, Beschwerden und Berichte sammeln, die Sie uns zusenden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir auch Beschwerden von anderen Benutzern über Sie erfassen können, die Ihre personenbezogenen Daten enthalten können.
Geräteinformationen:
Wir erfassen möglicherweise personenbezogene Daten von Ihrem Gerät. Diese Informationen können Geolokalisierungsdaten, IP-Adressen, eindeutige Identifikatoren sowie andere Informationen umfassen, die sich auf Ihre Aktivitäten über die Dienste beziehen.
Um Zweifel auszuschließen, werden die kombinierten Informationen, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten mit nicht-personenbezogenen Daten kombinieren, als personenbezogene Daten behandelt, solange sie kombiniert bleiben.
3. Mobile Analyse und Google Analytics
Wir können verschiedene Tracking-Technologien oder Methoden der Web- und Mobilanalyse (z.B. Mixpanel, Pixel, etc.) verwenden, um bestimmte Informationen im Zusammenhang mit Ihrem Zugriff auf und Ihrer Aktivität über die Dienste zu sammeln, zu speichern und zu verfolgen.
Wir können auch ein Tool namens Google Analytics verwenden, um Informationen über Ihre Nutzung der Dienste zu sammeln. Google Analytics sammelt Informationen wie z.B. wie oft Nutzer auf die Dienste zugreifen, welche Seiten sie dabei besuchen, etc. Wir verwenden die Informationen, die wir von Google Analytics erhalten, nur zur Verbesserung unserer Dienste. Google Analytics erfasst die IP-Adresse, die Ihnen an dem Tag, an dem Sie die Websites besuchen, zugewiesen wird, nicht Ihren Namen oder andere identifizierende Informationen. Wir kombinieren die durch die Verwendung von Google Analytics erfassten Daten nicht mit personenbezogenen Daten. Die Möglichkeit von Google Analytics, Informationen über Ihre Besuche auf dieser Website zu nutzen und weiterzugeben, wird durch die
Nutzungsbedingungen von Google Analytics
und die
Datenschutzerklärung von Google
eingeschränkt. Für Informationen zur Abmeldung von Google Analytics-Cookies klicken Sie bitte
hier
.
4. Wie wir die Informationen verwenden
Wir verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten auf die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebene Weise. Zusätzlich zu den oben genannten Zwecken werden die von uns erfassten Informationen, zu denen auch Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gehören können, für die folgenden Zwecke verwendet:
Um Ihr Konto einzurichten und die Dienste bereitzustellen;
Damit Sie Inhalte, die auf den Diensten freigegeben sind, freigeben und anzeigen können;
Zur Identifizierung und Authentifizierung Ihres Zugangs zu bestimmten Funktionen der Dienste;
Um Ihnen relevante Push-Benachrichtigungen zu senden, die auf verschiedenen Aktivitäten basieren, die von den Diensten angeboten werden, wie z.B.: Wetteralarme, etc.
Um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren und Sie über unsere neuesten Updates auf dem Laufenden zu halten (z.B. durch Textnachrichten und/oder E-Mail-Meldungen und/oder andere Methoden);
Zur Vermarktung unserer Website, Produkte und Dienstleistungen;
Um eine Recherche durchzuführen oder Analysen durchzuführen, um die Dienste zu verbessern und an Ihre Bedürfnisse und Interessen anzupassen;
Zur Unterstützung und Fehlerbehebung der Dienste und zur Beantwortung Ihrer Anfragen;
Zur Untersuchung und Beilegung von Streitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste;
Betrügerische und illegale Aktivitäten oder jede andere Art von Aktivitäten, die die Integrität der Dienste gefährden oder negativ beeinflussen können, aufzudecken und zu verhindern; und
Um Verstöße zu untersuchen und unsere Richtlinien durchzusetzen, und wie es das Gesetz, die Verordnung oder eine andere Regierungsbehörde vorschreibt, oder um einer Vorladung oder einem ähnlichen Rechtsverfahren nachzukommen oder auf eine Regierungsanfrage zu reagieren.
5. Mit wem wir die Informationen teilen und zu welchem Zweck
Wir vermieten, verkaufen oder teilen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht mit Dritten, es sei denn, dies ist in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben.
Wir können personenbezogene Daten an die folgenden Empfänger weitergeben: (i) unsere Tochtergesellschaften; (ii) verbundene Unternehmen; (iii) Subunternehmer und andere Drittdienstleister (z.B. Drift, HubSpot, SupportYourApp); (iv) Auditoren oder Berater unserer Geschäftsprozesse; und (v) alle potenziellen Käufer oder Investoren des Unternehmens.
Zusätzlich zu den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Zwecken können wir personenbezogene Daten für einen der folgenden Zwecke an unsere Empfänger weitergeben: (i) Speicherung oder Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten in unserem Namen (z.B. Cloud Computing Service Provider – Google Cloud (GCP) und Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)); (ii) Verarbeitung dieser Daten zur Unterstützung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit; (iii) Durchführung von Forschung, technischer Diagnose, Personalisierung und Analysen und (iv) Übermittlung von Werbe- und Informationsmaterial in Übereinstimmung mit unserer Marketingpolitik (siehe unten unter “Marketing”).
Wir können auch personenbezogene Daten oder alle Informationen, die Sie über die Dienste übermittelt haben, weitergeben, wenn wir in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Weitergabe dieser Informationen hilfreich oder vernünftigerweise notwendig ist: (i) geltendes Recht, Vorschriften, Gerichtsverfahren oder behördliche Anordnungen einzuhalten; (ii) unsere Richtlinien durchzusetzen, einschließlich der Untersuchung potenzieller Verstöße gegen diese Richtlinien; (iii) illegale Aktivitäten oder andere Fehlverhalten, vermuteten Betrug oder Sicherheitsprobleme zu untersuchen, zu erkennen, zu verhindern oder Maßnahmen zu ergreifen; (iv) unsere Rechte zur Verteidigung gegen Rechtsansprüche einzuführen oder auszuüben; (v) Schäden an den Rechten, dem Eigentum oder der Sicherheit von uns, unseren verbundenen Unternehmen, unseren Nutzern, sich selbst oder Dritten zu verhindern; (vi) zum Zwecke der Zusammenarbeit mit Strafverfolgungsbehörden; und (vii) falls wir es für notwendig halten, um geistiges Eigentum oder andere gesetzliche Rechte durchzusetzen.
6. Sammlung von Informationen durch Dritte
Unsere Datenschutzerklärung bezieht sich nur auf die Verwendung und Weitergabe von Informationen, die wir von Ihnen erfassen. Soweit Sie Ihre Daten über die Dienste (z.B. durch Anklicken eines Links zu einer anderen Website oder einem anderen Standort) oder über andere Websites im gesamten Internet an Dritte weitergeben, können für deren Nutzung oder Weitergabe der von Ihnen an diese weitergebenen Daten andere Regeln gelten.
Sie erkennen an, dass wir nicht für die Produkte, Dienstleistungen oder Beschreibungen von Produkten oder Dienstleistungen verantwortlich sind, die Sie von Websites Dritter oder für den Inhalt oder die Datenschutzpraktiken dieser Websites erhalten, und dass diese Datenschutzrichtlinie nicht für solche Produkte und Dienstleistungen Dritter gilt. Sie übernehmen bewusst und freiwillig alle Risiken der Nutzung von Websites Dritter zum Kauf von Produkten und Dienstleistungen. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass wir keinerlei Haftung in Bezug auf diese Websites Dritter und deren Nutzung übernehmen.
7. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Wir respektieren Ihre Datenschutzrechte und deshalb können Sie uns jederzeit kontaktieren und anfragen: (i) um auf personenbezogene Daten zuzugreifen, zu löschen, zu ändern oder zu aktualisieren (z.B. wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten falsch sind, können Sie darum bitten, diese korrigieren oder löschen zu lassen); oder (ii) dass wir jede weitere Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten einstellen werden (z.B. können Sie verlangen, dass wir die Verwendung oder Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte einstellen) oder dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entfernen werden (vorbehaltlich aller anderen gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen, die uns zur Aufbewahrung der Daten verpflichten).
Wenn Sie eine Beschwerde darüber einreichen möchten, wie wir mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten umgegangen sind, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte direkt unter:
support@tomorrow.io
.
Wenn Sie mit unserer Antwort nicht zufrieden sind oder glauben, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht in Übereinstimmung mit den Gesetzen erfassen oder verarbeiten, können Sie sich an die zuständige Datenschutzbehörde wenden.
8. Wie lange wir die Informationen aufbewahren
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir, sofern Sie uns keine anderslautenden Anweisungen erteilen und soweit dies nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist, personenbezogene Daten über Sie für den Zeitraum speichern, der für die Erfüllung der in dieser Richtlinie genannten Zwecke angemessen ist, oder wenn dies zur Erfüllung unserer gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen, zur Beilegung von Streitigkeiten oder zur Durchsetzung unserer Vereinbarungen erforderlich ist, je nachdem, welcher Zeitraum länger ist. Wir können Informationen aus unseren Systemen löschen, ohne Sie darüber in Kenntnis zu setzen, sobald wir es für die oben genannten Zwecke für nicht mehr erforderlich halten.
Wir können unvollständige oder ungenaue Informationen jederzeit und nach eigenem Ermessen berichtigen, ergänzen oder entfernen.
9. Wie wir Ihre Daten schützen
Wir legen großen Wert auf die Implementierung und Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit der Dienste und Ihrer Daten. Wir verwenden branchenübliche Verfahren und Richtlinien, um die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten zu gewährleisten und die unbefugte Nutzung dieser Daten zu verhindern. Obwohl wir angemessene Maßnahmen zum Schutz der Informationen ergreifen, können wir nicht für die Handlungen derjenigen verantwortlich gemacht werden, die sich unbefugten Zugriff verschaffen oder die Dienste missbrauchen, und wir geben keine ausdrückliche, stillschweigende oder anderweitige Garantie, dass wir diesen Zugriff verhindern werden.
Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass Ihre Privatsphäre nicht in Übereinstimmung mit unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie behandelt wurde, oder wenn eine Person versucht hat, die Dienste zu missbrauchen oder unangemessen zu handeln, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte direkt unter:
support@tomorrow.io
.
10. Unternehmenstransaktion
Wir können Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, im Falle einer Unternehmenstransaktion (z.B. Verkauf eines wesentlichen Teils unseres Geschäfts, Fusion, Konsolidierung oder Verkauf eines Vermögenswertes oder Übertragung im Rahmen seines Betriebs) des Unternehmens weitergeben. In diesem Fall übernimmt die übernehmende Gesellschaft oder der Empfänger die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Rechte und Pflichten.
11. Aktualisierungen oder Ergänzungen der Datenschutzerklärung
Wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit nach eigenem Ermessen überarbeiten, und die aktuellste Version wird immer auf unserer Website (
tomorrow.io/legal
) oder Anwendung (wie in der Rubrik “Letzte Revision” beschrieben) veröffentlicht. Im Falle einer wesentlichen Änderung der Datenschutzerklärung werden wir Sie über die Dienste oder per E-Mail informieren, oder Sie werden innerhalb der Anwendung benachrichtigt. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung regelmäßig auf Änderungen zu überprüfen.
Ihre fortgesetzte Nutzung der Dienste nach der Bekanntgabe solcher Änderungen stellt Ihre Anerkennung solcher Änderungen der Datenschutzerklärung und Ihre Zustimmung dar, an die Bedingungen dieser Änderungen gebunden zu sein.
12. Internationale Transfers
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten können auch in Länder, die nicht zur Europäischen Union gehören, nämlich Israel und die USA, zur Speicherung und Verwaltung unserer Dienstleistungen, auch in unserem Hauptsitz, übertragen werden. Um ein angemessenes Sicherheitsniveau Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in diesen Ländern zu gewährleisten, bieten und erhalten wir folgende Garantien: Übermittlung in Länder, die einer EG-Eignungsentscheidung unterliegen, SCC und/oder Zertifizierung des Datenschutzes. Sie stimmen hiermit der Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten in Länder außerhalb der Europäischen Union zu.
13. Marketing
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wie z.B. Ihren vollständigen Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse usw. selbst oder durch die Verwendung unserer Drittanbieter verwenden, um Ihnen Werbematerial über die Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Aus Respekt vor Ihrem Recht auf Datenschutz stellen wir Ihnen innerhalb solcher Marketingmaterialien Mittel zur Verfügung, um den Erhalt weiterer Marketingangebote von uns abzulehnen. Darüber hinaus können Sie sich jederzeit abmelden und den Erhalt von Marketingangeboten einstellen, indem Sie uns eine leere Nachricht mit dem Wort “remove” an
support@tomorrow.io
senden.
Wir können auch personenbezogene Daten verwenden, um Anzeigen zu personalisieren, die Ihnen auf unserer Website angezeigt werden.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Einstellungen für eine solche Verwendung deaktivieren oder festlegen
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihnen auch dann, wenn Sie sich von unserer Marketing-Mailingliste abmelden, weiterhin servicebezogene Updates und Benachrichtigungen zusenden können.
14. Wie Sie uns erreichen können
Wenn Sie allgemeine Fragen zu den Diensten oder den Informationen, die wir über Sie sammeln und wie wir sie verwenden, haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
support@tomorrow.io
15. Informationen über uns
Details der Gesellschaft:
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
Tomorrow.io Politique de confidentialité
Dernière mise à jour : 30 mars 2021
1. Introduction
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. (“nous”, ou “la Société”) respecte la vie privée de ses utilisateurs (chacun, “vous” ou “Utilisateur”) et s’engage à protéger la vie privée des Utilisateurs qui accèdent, téléchargent, installent ou s’inscrivent à notre application mobile (l’”Application”), ou à tout autre service en ligne que nous fournissons (dénommés collectivement : les “Services”). La Société a rédigé la présente Politique de Confidentialité afin d’exposer nos pratiques concernant la collecte, l’utilisation et la divulgation de vos informations lors de l’utilisation de nos Services.
Malheureusement, les Services ne sont actuellement pas disponibles aux utilisateurs de l’Union européenne âgés de moins de 16 ans. Si vous êtes résident de l’Union européenne et n’êtes pas âgé d’au moins 16 ans, veuillez ne pas utiliser les Services et ne nous fournir aucune donnée personnelle vous concernant.
Nous nous réservons le droit d’accéder, de vérifier toute information personnelle que nous avons collectée sur vous. S’il est porté à notre connaissance qu’une personne âgée de moins de 16 ans a partagé des informations avec nous, nous supprimerons ces informations. Si vous avez des raisons de croire qu’une personne mineure a partagé des informations avec nous, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante : support@tomorrow.io
.
Nous vous encourageons à lire la Politique de Confidentialité attentivement afin de prendre des décisions réfléchies. En utilisant les Services, vous consentez aux termes de la présente Politique de Confidentialité et la poursuite de votre utilisation des Services constitue un accord permanent concernant la  Politique de Confidentialité. Si vous ne consentez pas à la présente Politique de Confidentialité, veuillez ne pas utiliser les Services ni nous fournir aucune information.
La Politique de Confidentialité fait partie des Conditions d’utilisation et fait partie intégrante de celle-ci par référence.
Dans cette Politique de Confidentialité  vous trouverez, entre autres :
▪ Le type d’information que nous recueillons
▪ L’analyse Mobile et Google Analytics
▪ La manière dont nous utilisons les informations
▪ Avec qui nous partageons les informations et à quelles fins
▪ La durée pendant laquelle nous conservons les informations
▪ Vos droits à la vie privée
▪ La manière dont nous protégeons vos informations
▪ Les transferts Internationaux
▪ Le Marketing
▪ Comment nous contacter
2. Le type d’informations que nous collectons
Nous collectons deux types de données et informations auprès de nos Utilisateurs.
Le premier type d’informations est constitué d’informations non-identifiées et non-identifiables vous concernant, qui peuvent être mises à disposition ou rassemblées via votre utilisation des Services (ci-après “Informations non-personnelles”). Nous ne connaissons pas l’identité relative aux informations non-personnelles collectées. Les Informations non personnelles collectées peuvent inclure vos informations d’utilisation agrégées et les informations techniques transmises par votre appareil, y compris certaines informations logicielles et matérielles concernant votre appareil (par exemple, l’appareil que vous utilisez, le type de navigateur et système d’exploitation utilisé sur votre appareil, les préférences concernant la langue, les heures d’accès et le nom de domaine du site à partir duquel vous avez établi un lien vers les Services, etc.), afin d’améliorer les fonctionnalités des Services. Nous pouvons également collecter des informations à propos de votre activité sur les Services (par exemple, les clics, actions, navigation en ligne, etc.).
Le second type d’informations est l’information identifiable individuellement, à savoir les informations qui identifient nommément une personne ou peuvent, assez facilement permettre d’identifier la personne (ci-après “Information personnelle”). Ces informations peuvent inclure :
Informations sur le compte :
en vous inscrivant et vous connectant aux Services, il vous sera demandé de nous fournir certains détails vous concernant. Lorsque vous vous inscrivez aux Services par l’Application, nous pourrons collecter les informations suivantes : nom complet, numéro de téléphone, adresse mail, ainsi que toute autre information que vous avez accepté de partager avec nous.
Informations Volontaire :
Nous pouvons collecter des informations que vous nous avez fournies volontairement. Par exemple, lorsque vous répondez à des communications de notre part, lorsque vous  communiquez avec nous par email ou que vous partagez des informations supplémentaires à votre sujet en utilisant nos Services. Nous pouvons également recueillir les retours, suggestions, réclamations et rapports que vous nous envoyez. Veuillez noter que nous pouvons également collecter les plaintes d’autres utilisateurs à votre sujet, ce qui pourrait inclure vos Informations Personnelles.
Informations sur l’appareil :
Nous pouvons collecter des Informations personnelles sur votre appareil. De telles informations peuvent inclure la géo-location de données, l’adresse IP, les identifiants uniques, ainsi que d’autres informations relatives à votre activité via les Services.
Afin d’écarter tout doute, si nous combinons des Informations Personnelles avec des Informations non-personnelles, les informations combinées seront traitées comme des Informations personnelles tant qu’elles demeurent combinées.
3. Analyse Mobile et Google Analytics
Nous pouvons utiliser plusieurs technologies de suivi ou méthodes d’analyse web et mobile (par exemple, Mixpanel, Pixels, etc.) afin de rassembler, stocker, et suivre certaines informations liées à votre accès et à votre activité via les Services.
Nous pouvons également utiliser un outil appelé Google Analytics pour collecter des informations à propos de votre utilisation des Services. Google Analytics collecte les informations telles que la fréquence à laquelle les utilisateurs accèdent aux Services, les pages qu’ils visitent, à quel moment, etc. Nous utilisons les informations obtenues par Google Analytics uniquement pour améliorer nos Services. Google Analytics collecte l’adresse IP qui vous est attribuée à la date à laquelle vous visitez les sites, plutôt que votre nom ou autres informations permettant de vous identifier. Nous ne combinons pas les informations collectées via Google Analytics avec des informations personnelles. Les capacités de Google à utiliser et partager les informations collectées par Google Analytics à propos de vos visites sur ce site sont limitées par les
Conditions d’utilisation de Google Analytics
et la
Politique de Confidentialité de Google
. Pour plus d’informations concernant le retrait des cookies de Google Analytics, cliquez
ici
.
4. Comment nous utilisons les informations
Nous utilisons et partageons les Informations Personnelles de la manière décrite dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité. Outre les buts énumérés ci-dessus, les informations que nous collectons, qui peuvent inclure vos Informations Personnelles, sont utilisées aux fins suivantes :
Configurer votre compte et fournir les Services;
Vous permettre de partager et afficher du contenu partagé sur les Services;
Identifier et authentifier votre accès à certaines fonctionnalités des Services;
Vous envoyer des notifications push pertinentes, fondées sur différentes activités offertes par les Services, telles que : des alertes météorologiques etc.
Communiquer avec vous et vous maintenir informés de nos dernières mises à jour (par exemple, par messages textes et/ou email et/ou autres méthodes);
Commercialiser notre site internet, produits et Services;
Effectuer une recherche ou des analyses afin d’améliorer et personnaliser les Services à vos besoins et intérêts;
Prendre en charge, dépanner les Services et répondre à vos questions;
Enquêter et résoudre les litiges liés à votre utilisation des Services;
Détecter et empêcher une activité frauduleuse et illégale ou tout autre type d’activité susceptible de compromettre ou d’affecter négativement l’intégrité des Services;
Enquêter sur les violations et appliquer nos politiques, conformément à la loi et à la réglementation ou tout autre autorité gouvernementale, ou pour se soumettre à une assignation à comparaître ou toute autre procédure juridique similaire, ou répondre à une demande gouvernementale.
5. Avec qui partageons-nous vos informations et à quelles fins
Nous ne louons, vendons, ni ne partageons pas vos Informations Personnelles avec des tiers sauf dans les cas énoncés dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
Nous pouvons partager des informations Personnelles avec les personnes suivantes : (i) nos filiales; (ii) sociétés affiliées; (iii) sous-traitants et autres fournisseurs de services tiers (par exemple : Drift, HubSpot, SupportYourApp); (iv) auditeurs ou conseillers de nos processus opérationnels; et (v) tout acquéreur potentiel ou investisseur dans la Société.
Outre les objectifs énumérés dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité, nous pouvons partager des Informations Personnelles avec nos destinataires pour tous les buts suivants : (i) stockage ou traitement des Informations Personnelles pour notre compte (par exemple, fournisseurs de services d’informatique en
cloud
– Google Cloud Platform (GCP) et Amazon Web Services (AWS)); (ii) traitement de ces Informations pour nous aider dans nos activités commerciales opérationnelles; (iii) effectuer des recherches, diagnostics techniques, personnalisations et analyses and (iv) communiquer du contenu promotionnel et informatif, conformément à notre politique marketing (voir ci-après : “Marketing”).
Nous pouvons divulguer des Informations Personnelles, ou toute information que vous avez transmise via les Services si nous croyons, de bonne foi, que la divulgation de ces informations peut être utile ou raisonnablement nécessaire pour : (i) se conformer à toute loi, réglementation, procédure juridique, ou demande gouvernementale; (ii) mettre en œuvre nos politiques, y compris enquêter sur les potentielles violations de celles-ci; (iii) enquêter, détecter, prévenir, ou prendre des mesures concernant des activités illégales ou d’autres actes répréhensibles, des fraudes présumées ou problèmes de sécurité; (iv) établir ou exercer notre droit de nous défendre contre des actions en justice; (v) éviter une atteinte à nos droits, à notre propriété ou sécurité,  pour notre compte ou celui de nos filiales, Utilisateurs, vous-même ou tout autre tiers; (vi) dans le but de collaborer avec les forces de l’ordre; et (vii) si nous le jugeons nécessaire, afin de faire respecter la propriété intellectuelle ou tout autre droit légal.
6. Collecte d’informations par des Tiers
Notre Politique de Confidentialité concerne uniquement l’utilisation et la divulgation d’informations que nous recueillons auprès vous. Dans la mesure où vous divulguez vos informations à des tiers via les Services (par exemple, en cliquant sur un lien vers tout autre site ou lieu) ou via d’autres sites Internet, des règles différentes peuvent s’appliquer à leur utilisation ou à la divulgation d’informations que vous divulguez auprès d’eux.
Vous reconnaissez que nous ne sommes pas responsables des produits, services, ou description des produits ou services que vous recevez de sites tiers ou du contenu ou des politiques de confidentialité de ces sites, et la présente Politique de Confidentialité ne s’applique pas aux produits et services de ces tiers. Vous assumez sciemment et volontairement tous les risques liés à l’utilisation de sites tiers pour l’achat de produits et services. Vous consentez à ce que nous n’ayons aucune responsabilité quelle qu’elle soit concernant ces sites tiers et votre utilisation de ceux-ci.
7. Vos droits au respect de la vie privée
Nous respectons votre droit à la vie privée, par conséquent vous pouvez nous contacter à tout moment et demander: (i) d’accéder, de supprimer, de modifier ou de mettre à jour toute Information Personnelle vous concernant (par exemple, si vous pensez que vos Informations Personnelles sont incorrectes, vous pouvez demander à ce qu’elles soient corrigées ou supprimées); ou (ii) que nous cessions toute utilisation de vos Informations Personnelles (par exemple, vous pouvez demander que nous cessions d’utiliser ou de partager vos Informations Personnelles avec des tiers) ou que nous effacions vos Informations Personnelles (sous réserve de toute autre obligation légale qui nous contraindrait à conserver ces informations).
Si vous souhaitez déposer une réclamation sur la manière dont nous avons traité vos Informations Personnelles, veuillez nous contacter directement à l’adresse suivante :
support@tomorrow.io
.
Si vous n’êtes pas satisfaits de notre réponse ou si vous pensez que nous recueillons ou traitons vos Informations Personnelles d’une manière qui n’est pas en accord avec la loi, vous pouvez adresser une réclamation à l’autorité de protection des données compétente.
8. Pendant combien de temps conservons-nous les informations
Veuillez noter que, sauf indication contraire de votre part, et dans la mesure permise par la Loi, nous conserverons vos Informations Personnelles pendant la période qui nous parait appropriée pour que nous puissions atteindre les objectifs énoncés dans la présente Politique ou nécessaire pour nous conformer à nos obligations légales, mettre fin à des litiges ou appliquer nos accords, selon le délai le plus long.  Nous pouvons supprimer les informations de nos systèmes, sans qu’il soit nécessaire de vous en informer, dès lors que nous estimerons qu’elles ne sont plus nécessaires pour les objectifs susmentionnés.
Nous pouvons rectifier, reconstituer ou supprimer des Informations incomplètes ou inexactes, à tout moment et à notre seule discrétion.
9. Comment protégeons-nous vos informations
Nous accordons un soin particulier à la mise en œuvre et au maintien de la sécurité des Services et de vos informations. Nous utilisons des procédures et politiques standard dans l’industrie standard pour garantir la sécurité de vos informations, et empêcher l’utilisation non-autorisée de telles informations. Bien que nous prenions des mesures raisonnables pour protéger les informations, nous ne pouvons être tenus responsables des actes de ceux qui obtiendraient un accès non-autorisé ou un abus des Services, et nous ne donnons aucune garantie, explicite, implicite ou autre, que nous réussirons à empêcher un tel accès.
Si vous pensez que votre vie privée n’a pas été respectée conformément à notre Politique de Confidentialité, ou dans le cas où toute personne a tenté d’abuser des Services ou agi de manière inappropriée, veuillez nous contacter directement à l’adresse:
support@tomorrow.io
.
10. Transactions d’entreprise
Nous pouvons partager des informations, y compris des Informations Personnelles, dans le cas d’une transaction d’entreprise (par exemple, la vente d’une partie substantielle de notre activité, fusion, consolidation de vente d’un actif ou le transfert dans les opérations susmentionnées) de la Société. Dans ce cas, la Société acheteuse ou le bénéficiaire du transfert assumera les droits et obligations tels qu’énoncés dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
11. Mises à jour ou modifications de la Politique de Confidentialité
Nous pouvons réviser la présente Politique de Confidentialité de temps à autre, à notre discrétion exclusive, et la dernière version sera toujours publiée sur notre site internet (
tomorrow.io/legal
) ou dans l’Application (ci-après dénommée la “Dernière Version”). En cas de changement significatif à la présente Politique de Confidentialité, nous vous informerons par l’intermédiaire des Services ou par email, ou vous pourrez être notifié dans l’Application. Nous vous encourageons à consulter la présente Politique de Confidentialité régulièrement pour tout changement.
Le fait que vous continuiez l’utilisation des Services, suite à la notification de ces modifications, constitue une reconnaissance de votre part concernant les modifications apportées à la Politique de Confidentialité et votre consentement d’être lié  par les termes de ces changements.
12. Transferts Internationaux
Vos informations personnelles peuvent également être transférées vers des pays qui ne sont pas membres de l’Union Européenne, à savoir Israël et les Etats-Unis pour le stockage et la gestion de nos services, y compris à notre siège. Afin d’assurer un niveau de sécurité adéquat de vos données personnelles dans ces pays, nous fournissons et maintenons les garanties suivantes : ne les transférer que vers des pays soumis à une décision de la Cour Européenne, certification SCC, et/ou protection de la vie privée. Vous consentez par la présente au transfert des Informations Personnelles à des pays situés hors de l’Union Européenne.
13. Marketing
Nous pouvons utiliser vos Informations Personnelles, telles que votre nom complet, adresse mail, etc. pour nous ou par l’intermédiaire d’un de nos sous-traitants tiers afin de vous fournir du contenu promotionnel, concernant les Services.
Par respect pour votre droit à la vie privée, nous vous fournissons dans ces contenus marketing des moyens de refuser de recevoir d’autres offres marketing de notre part. En outre, à tout moment, vous avez la possibilité de demander à vous désabonner et ne plus recevoir d’offres promotionnelles en nous envoyant un message comprenant uniquement le mot “
remove
”  à l’adresse
support@tomorrow.io
.
Nous pouvons également utiliser des informations personnelles pour personnaliser les publicités qui vous sont présentées sur notre site Web. Vous pouvez désactiver ou définir vos préférences pour une telle utilisation
ici
.
Veuillez noter que même si vous vous désabonnez de notre liste de diffusion marketing,  nous pouvons continuer à vous envoyer des mises à jour et notifications relatives aux Services.
14. Comment nous contacter
Pour toutes questions concernant les Services ou les informations que nous collectons vous concernant et comment nous les utilisons, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante :
support@tomorrow.io
15. Informations nous concernant
Les détails de la  Société sont les suivants :
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
Política de privacidad de Tomorrow.io
Última revisión: 30 de marzo 2021
1. Introducción
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. (“nosotros”, “nos” o “la Compañía”) respetan la privacidad de nuestros usuarios (cada uno denominado, “usted” o “Usuario”) y se comprometen a proteger la privacidad de los Usuarios que accedan, descarguen, instalen o se registren en nuestra aplicación móvil (la “Aplicación”), o en cualquier otro servicio en línea que proporcionemos (colectivamente denominados: los “Servicios”). La Compañía ha redactado esta Política de Privacidad con el fin de describir nuestras prácticas con respecto a la recopilación, uso y divulgación de su información cuando utiliza los Servicios.
Desafortunadamente, los Servicios no están disponibles para usuarios menores de 16 años en la CEE. Si usted es residente de la CEE y no tiene al menos 16 años, no utilice los Servicios ni nos proporcione ningún dato personal relacionado con usted.
Nos reservamos el derecho de acceder y verificar cualquier Información Personal que hayamos recopilado de usted. En el caso de que nos enteremos de que una persona menor de 16 años ha compartido alguna información, desecharemos dicha información. Si usted tiene alguna razón para creer que un menor de edad ha compartido alguna información con nosotros, será aconsejable que nos contacte a:
support@tomorrow.io.
Le recomendamos que lea atentamente la Política de Privacidad y la utilice para tomar decisiones informadas. Al utilizar los Servicios, usted acepta los términos de esta Política de Privacidad y su uso continuado de los Servicios constituye su aceptación continua de la Política de Privacidad. Si no está de acuerdo con esta Política de Privacidad, por favor no utilice los Servicios y no nos proporcione ninguna información.
La Política de Privacidad forma parte de los Términos de Servicio y se incorpora a los mismos por referencia.
En esta Política de Privacidad leerá, entre otras cosas, acerca de:
▪ Qué tipo de información recolectamos
▪  Análisis móvil y Google Analytics
▪ Cómo utilizamos la información
▪ Con quién compartimos la información y con qué propósito
▪ Durante cuánto tiempo conservamos la información
▪ Sus derechos de privacidad
▪ Cómo protegemos su información
▪ Transferencias internacionales
▪ Comercialización
▪ Cómo contactarnos
2. Qué tipo de información recopilamos
Podemos recopilar dos tipos de datos e información de nuestros Usuarios.
El primer tipo de información es la información no identificada y no identificable que le pertenece, que puede estar disponible o recopilada a través de su uso de los Servicios (“Información no personal”). No conocemos la identidad de a quien le pertenece la Información no personal recogida. La Información no personal que se recopila puede incluir su información de uso agregada e información técnica transmitida por su dispositivo, incluyendo cierta información de software y hardware sobre su dispositivo (por ejemplo, el dispositivo que utiliza, el tipo de navegador y sistema operativo que utiliza su dispositivo, las preferencias de idioma, el tiempo de acceso y el nombre de dominio del sitio web desde el que se enlazó con los Servicios, etc.), a fin de mejorar la funcionalidad de los Servicios. También podemos recopilar información sobre su actividad en los Servicios (por ejemplo, clics, acciones, navegación en línea, etc.).
El segundo tipo de información es la información de identificación individual, es decir, la información que identifica a una persona o que, con un esfuerzo razonable, puede identificar a una persona (“Información personal”). Dicha información puede incluir
– Información de la cuenta:
Cuando se inscriba y se registre en los Servicios, se le pedirá que nos proporcione ciertos detalles sobre usted. Cuando usted se registra en los Servicios a través de la Aplicación, podemos recopilar la siguiente información: nombre completo, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico, así como cualquier otra información que usted haya acordado compartir con nosotros.
– Información voluntaria:
Podemos recopilar información que usted nos proporciona voluntariamente. Por ejemplo, cuando responda a nuestras comunicaciones, se comunique con nosotros por correo electrónico o comparta información adicional sobre usted a través de su uso de los Servicios. También podemos recopilar los comentarios, sugerencias, quejas e informes que nos envíe. Tenga en cuenta que también podemos recopilar quejas sobre usted de otros Usuarios, que pueden incluir su Información Personal.
– Información del dispositivo:
Es posible que recopilemos información personal de su dispositivo. Dicha información puede incluir datos de geolocalización, dirección IP, identificadores únicos, así como otra información relacionada con su actividad a través de los Servicios.
Para evitar dudas, si combinamos Información Personal con Información No Personal, la información combinada será tratada como Información Personal siempre y cuando permanezca combinada.
3. Análisis móvil y Google Analytics
Podemos utilizar diversas tecnologías de seguimiento o métodos de análisis web y móvil (por ejemplo, Mixpanel, Pixels, etc.) para recopilar, almacenar y realizar un seguimiento de cierta información relacionada con su acceso y actividad a través de los Servicios.
También podemos utilizar una herramienta llamada Google Analytics para recopilar información sobre su uso de los Servicios. Google Analytics recopila información como, por ejemplo, la frecuencia con la que los usuarios acceden a los Servicios, las páginas que visitan al hacerlo, etc. Utilizamos la información que obtenemos de Google Analytics sólo para mejorar nuestros Servicios. Google Analytics recopila la dirección IP que se le asignó en la fecha en que visita los sitios web, en lugar de su nombre u otra información de identificación. No combinamos la información recopilada mediante el uso de Google Analytics con información de identificación personal. La capacidad de Google para utilizar y compartir la información recopilada por Google Analytics acerca de sus visitas a este sitio web está restringida por las
Condiciones de servicio de Google Analytics
y la
Política de privacidad de Google
. Para obtener información sobre la inhabilitación de las cookies de Google Analytics, haga clic
aquí
.
4. Cómo utilizamos la información
Usamos y compartimos la información personal de las maneras descritas en esta Política de Privacidad. Además de los fines mencionados anteriormente, la información que recopilamos, que puede incluir su Información Personal, se utiliza para los siguientes fines:
– Para configurar su cuenta y proporcionar los Servicios;
– Para permitirle compartir y ver el contenido compartido en los Servicios;
– Para identificar y autenticar su acceso a ciertas características de los Servicios;
– Para enviarle notificaciones
push
relevantes, que se basan en diferentes actividades ofrecidas por los Servicios, tales como: alertas meteorológicas, etc.
– Para comunicarnos con usted y mantenerlo informado de nuestras últimas actualizaciones (por ejemplo, mediante mensajes de texto y/o masajes por correo electrónico y/o otros métodos);
– Comercializar nuestro sitio web, productos y servicios;
– Realizar una investigación o realizar análisis con el fin de mejorar y personalizar los Servicios a sus necesidades e intereses;
– Para dar soporte y solucionar los problemas de los Servicios y responder a sus preguntas;
– Para investigar y resolver disputas relacionadas con su uso de los Servicios;
– Detectar y prevenir actividades fraudulentas e ilegales o cualquier otro tipo de actividad que pueda poner en peligro o afectar negativamente la integridad de los Servicios; y
– Para investigar violaciones y hacer cumplir nuestras políticas, y según lo exijan las leyes, reglamentos u otras autoridades gubernamentales, o para cumplir con una citación o proceso legal similar o responder a una solicitud del gobierno.
5. Con quién compartimos la información y con qué propósito
No alquilamos, vendemos ni compartimos su información personal con terceros, excepto como se describe en esta Política de Privacidad.
Podemos compartir información personal con los siguientes destinatarios: (i) nuestras subsidiarias; (ii) compañías afiliadas; (iii) subcontratistas y otros proveedores de servicios de terceros (por ejemplo, Drift, HubSpot, SupportYourApp); (iv) auditores o asesores de nuestros procesos de negocio; y (v) cualquier comprador o inversionista potencial en la Compañía.
Además de los fines enumerados en esta Política de Privacidad, podemos compartir Información Personal con nuestros destinatarios para cualquiera de los siguientes fines: (i) almacenar o procesar Información Personal en nuestro nombre (por ejemplo, proveedores de servicios de Cloud Computing – Google Cloud (GCP) y Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)); (ii) procesar dicha información para ayudarnos en nuestras operaciones comerciales; (iii) realizar investigaciones, diagnósticos técnicos, personalización y análisis; y (iv) comunicar materiales promocionales e informativos, de acuerdo con nuestra política de marketing (ver más adelante bajo “Marketing”).
También podemos revelar Información Personal, o cualquier información que usted haya enviado a través de los Servicios si creemos de buena fe que la divulgación de dicha información es útil o razonablemente necesaria para ello: (i) cumplir con cualquier ley, regulación, proceso legal o solicitud gubernamental aplicable; (ii) hacer cumplir nuestras políticas, incluidas las investigaciones de posibles violaciones de las mismas; (iii) investigar, detectar, prevenir o tomar medidas en relación con actividades ilegales u otras irregularidades, sospechas de fraude o cuestiones de seguridad; (iv) para establecer o ejercer nuestros derechos de defensa contra demandas legales; (v) para prevenir daños a los derechos, propiedad o seguridad de nosotros, nuestros afiliados, nuestros usuarios, usted o cualquier tercero; (vi) con el propósito de colaborar con las agencias de aplicación de la ley; y (vii) en caso de que lo consideremos necesario para hacer cumplir la propiedad intelectual u otros derechos legales.
6. Recopilación de información por parte de terceros
Nuestra Política de Privacidad sólo se refiere al uso y divulgación de la información que recopilamos de usted. En la medida en que usted revele su información a terceros a través de los Servicios (por ejemplo, haciendo clic en un enlace a cualquier otro sitio web o ubicación) o a través de otros sitios de Internet, pueden aplicarse diferentes reglas para el uso o divulgación de la información que usted les revele.
Usted reconoce que no somos responsables de los productos, servicios o descripciones de productos o servicios que usted reciba de sitios de terceros o del contenido o las prácticas de privacidad de dichos sitios, y que esta Política de Privacidad no se aplica a ninguno de dichos productos y servicios de terceros. Usted está asumiendo consciente y voluntariamente todos los riesgos de utilizar sitios de terceros para comprar productos y servicios. Usted acepta que no tendremos responsabilidad alguna con respecto a dichos sitios de terceros y al uso que usted haga de ellos.
7. Sus derechos de privacidad
Respetamos sus derechos de privacidad y, por lo tanto, puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros en cualquier momento y solicitarlo: (i) para acceder, borrar, cambiar o actualizar cualquier Información Personal relacionada con usted (por ejemplo, si cree que su Información Personal es incorrecta, puede solicitar que se corrija o elimine); o (ii) que dejaremos de usar su Información Personal (por ejemplo, puede solicitar que dejemos de usar o compartir su Información Personal con terceros) o que eliminemos su Información Personal (sujeto a cualquier otra obligación legal que nos exija conservar la información).
Si desea presentar una queja sobre cómo hemos tratado su información personal, póngase en contacto con nosotros directamente en:
support@tomorrow.io.
Si usted no está satisfecho con nuestra respuesta o cree que estamos recopilando o procesando su Información Personal no de acuerdo con las leyes, puede presentar una queja a la autoridad de protección de datos aplicable.
8. Durante cuánto tiempo conservamos la información
Tenga en cuenta que, a menos que nos indique lo contrario y en la medida en que lo permita la ley aplicable, conservaremos su información personal durante el período de tiempo apropiado para que podamos cumplir con los fines descritos en esta política o según sea necesario para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales, resolver disputas o hacer cumplir nuestros acuerdos, lo que sea más largo. Podemos eliminar información de nuestros sistemas, sin previo aviso, una vez que consideremos que ya no es necesaria para los fines expuestos anteriormente.
Podemos rectificar, reponer o eliminar información incompleta o inexacta, en cualquier momento y a nuestra propia discreción.
9. Cómo protegemos su información
Tomamos gran cuidado en la implementación y mantenimiento de la seguridad de los Servicios y de su información. Empleamos procedimientos y políticas estándar de la industria para garantizar la seguridad de su información y evitar el uso no autorizado de dicha información. Aunque tomamos medidas razonables para salvaguardar la información, no podemos ser responsables de los actos de aquellos que obtienen acceso no autorizado o abusan de los Servicios, y no damos ninguna garantía, expresa, implícita o de otro tipo, de que vamos a impedir dicho acceso.
Si usted siente que su privacidad no fue tratada de acuerdo con nuestra Política de Privacidad, o si alguna persona intentó abusar de los Servicios o actuó de manera inapropiada, por favor contáctenos directamente a:
support@tomorrow.io.
10. Transacción corporativa
Podemos compartir información, incluyendo Información Personal, en el caso de una transacción corporativa (por ejemplo, venta de una parte sustancial de nuestro negocio, fusión, consolidación o venta de activos de un activo o transferencia en la operación de este) de la Compañía. En el caso de lo anterior, la empresa adquirente o cesionaria asumirá los derechos y obligaciones descritos en esta Política de Privacidad.
11. Actualizaciones o enmiendas a la Política de Privacidad
Podemos revisar esta Política de Privacidad de vez en cuando, a nuestra entera discreción, y la versión más actualizada siempre se publicará en nuestro sitio web
(tomorrow.io/legal)
o en la Aplicación (como se refleja en el encabezado “Última revisión”). En caso de que se produzca un cambio importante en la Política de Privacidad, se lo notificaremos a través de los Servicios o por correo electrónico, o bien se le podrá notificar dentro de la Aplicación. Le recomendamos que revise esta Política de Privacidad con regularidad para ver si se han producido cambios.
Su uso continuado de los Servicios, después de la notificación de dichas modificaciones, constituye su reconocimiento de dichas modificaciones a la Política de Privacidad y su acuerdo de estar obligado por los términos de dichas modificaciones.
12. Transferencias Internacionales
Su información personal también puede ser transferida a países que no forman parte de la Unión Europea, como Israel y los EE.UU. para el almacenamiento y la gestión de nuestros servicios, incluso en nuestra sede central. Con el fin de garantizar un nivel adecuado de seguridad de sus datos personales en estos países, ofrecemos y mantenemos las siguientes garantías: transferencia a países sujetos a una decisión de adecuación de la CE, SCC, y/o certificación del escudo de privacidad. Usted consiente la transferencia de información personal a países fuera de la Unión Europea.
13. Comercialización
Podemos utilizar su información personal, como su nombre completo, dirección de correo electrónico, etc., nosotros mismos o a través de nuestros subcontratistas externos con el fin de proporcionarle materiales promocionales relacionados con los Servicios.
Por respeto a su derecho a la privacidad, le proporcionamos, dentro de dichos materiales de marketing, los medios para negarse a recibir más ofertas de marketing de nuestra parte. Además, en cualquier momento, usted puede solicitar la cancelación de su suscripción y dejar de recibir ofertas de marketing enviándonos un mensaje en blanco con la palabra “quitar” a
support@tomorrow.io.
También podríamos utilizar su información personal para personalizar los anuncios que se le muestren en nuestro sitio web. Puede optar por no participar o cambiar sus preferencias en el siguiente
link
.
Tenga en cuenta que incluso si se da de baja de nuestra lista de correo de marketing, podemos seguir enviándole actualizaciones y notificaciones relacionadas con el servicio.
14. Cómo contactarnos
Si tiene alguna pregunta general sobre los Servicios o la información que recopilamos sobre usted y cómo la utilizamos, contáctenos a
support@tomorrow.io
15. Información acerca de nosotros
Los siguientes son los detalles de la empresa:
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
Tomorrow.ioプライバシーポリシー
最終更新日：2019年7月30日
1. 導入
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. （以下、「当社」と呼ぶ) はユーザー（「以下、お客様」または「ユーザー」と呼ぶ）のプライバシーを尊重し、当社のモバイルアプリケーション（以下、「アプリケーション」と呼ぶ）、その他当社の提供するオンラインサービス（以下、総称して「サービス」と呼ぶ）へアクセス、ダウンロード、インストール、登録するユーザーのプライバシーの保護に努めます。本プライバシーポリシーでは、当社のサービスご利用の際のお客様の個人情報の収集、利用、開示についての概要を示します。
現状、当サービスは、欧州経済共同体にお住まいの16歳以下の方はご利用いただけません。該当のお客様は当サービスのご利用および当社への個人情報の提供をご遠慮ください。
当社は収集したお客様の個人情報へアクセスし内容を確認する権利を留保します。当社にて16歳以下のお客様の個人情報の提供が発覚した場合、その情報を破棄いたします。そのような状況にお気付きのお客様がいらっしゃいましたら、当社（
support@tomorrow.io
.
）までご連絡をお願いいたします。
本プライバシーポリシーをよくお読みになった上でサービスをご利用願います。サービスをご利用いただいた場合、本プライバシーポリシーの規定に同意したものとみなします。本プライバシーポリシーに同意できない場合は、当サービスの利用及び個人情報の提供はご遠慮ください。
本プライバシーポリシーは利用規約の一部を構成するものとします。
本プライバシーポリシーでは以下について触れます。
▪ 収集する情報の種類
▪ モバイル分析及びGoogleアナリティクス
▪ 情報の利用方法
▪ 情報の開示先とその目的
▪ 情報を保持する期間
▪ お客様のプライバシーに関する権利
▪ 情報保護の方法
▪ 国際的転送
▪ マーケティング
▪ お問い合わせ
2. 収集する情報の種類
お客様から収集するデータや情報には二種類あります。
一つ目は、お客様のサービス利用中に収集される、個人を特定できないような情報（非個人情報）です。それらの情報の提供元の個人を当社にて特定することはできません。収集される非個人情報には、端末の特定のソフトウェアやハードウェアに関する情報など（ご利用の端末の種類やブラウザ、OS情報、利用言語、当社のサービスを利用する前に閲覧していたウェブサイトのドメイン名やアクセスの時間など）、利用に関する情報やご利用の端末から得られる技術的な情報が含まれ、サービス向上のために利用されます。また、当サービス利用時のお客様の活動履歴（クリック、オンラインブラウジングなど）も収集することがあります。
二つ目は、個人を特定できるような情報（個人情報）です。個人情報には以下が含まれます。
アカウント情報:
サービスに登録する際、お客様の情報の入力が必要となります。アプリケーションを通じてサービスへ登録する場合、氏名、電話番号、メールアドレス、その他お客様に同意いただいた情報を収集いたします。
お客様より提供された情報:
お客様ご自身により当社に提供された情報も収集することがあります。例えば、当社とのやりとりにメールを使用した場合や、サービス利用中に追加の情報をお知らせ頂いた場合などです。また、お客様より当社へご連絡いただいた、フィードバック、クレーム、報告なども収集いたします。他のユーザーからお客様の個人情報を含むクレームが寄せられることがあることもご了承ください。
端末情報:
お客様の端末より個人情報を収集することがあります。そこには位置情報や、IPアドレス、固有識別子、その他、お客様のサービスの利用時の活動に関連した情報が含まれます。
非個人情報と個人情報の両方が含まれる情報を収集する場合、個人情報として取り扱われます。
3. モバイル分析及びGoogleアナリティクス
当社ではお客様のサービスへのアクセスや活動に関する特定の情報を集積、保存、追跡するために、複数のウェブ、モバイル分析など（ミックスパネル、ピクセルなど）の追跡技術を用いることあります。
また、お客様のサービス利用状況に関する情報収集のためにGoogleアナリティクスと呼ばれるツールを使用することがあります。Googleアナリティクスではユーザーのサービスへのアクセス頻度、閲覧するページなどの情報を収集します。これらの情報はサービス向上のみを目的として使用されます。Googleアナリティクスではお客様の氏名やその他の個人を特定するような情報に代わり、ウェブサイトを訪問した日に割り当てられたIPアドレスを収集します。当社ではGoogleアナリティクスで収集した情報と個人を特定できるような情報を結びつけることはしません。Googleアナリティクスで収集されたお客様の訪問履歴に関する情報のGoogleでの利用や共有ついては、
Google Analytics Terms of Service
及び
Google Privacy Policy
で規定されています。Googleアナリティクスのクッキーを無効にするにはこちらをクリックしてください。
4. 情報の利用方法
お客様の個人情報は本プライバシーポリシーに規定された通りに取り扱います。上記の目的以外に、以下の目的で利用することがあります。
お客様のアカウントのセットアップとサービスの提供のため
サービスで提供されるコンテンツをお客様が閲覧、共有できるため
サービスの特定の機能のお客様の利用を認証するため
天気の通知など、サービスで提供される通知をお送りするため
お客様とのやりとりや最新の情報のお知らせのため（テキストメッセージやメール、その他の方法による）
当社のウェブサイト、商品、サービスのマーケティングのため
お客様の興味を反映し、サービス向上に繋げるための調査や分析を行うため
サービスのサポートやトラブルシューティングの実施やお客様へのお問い合わせへの回答のため
お客様のサービス利用に関連した紛争の調査、解決のため
サービスの適正な運営に脅威を与える、または悪影響を及ぼす可能性のある詐欺行為や違法行為、その他の行為を発見、防止するため
法律や規則、その他政府の機関の要求に応じる、または召喚状、その他の法的プロセスへ準拠する、または政府の要求へ応じるよう違反を調査しポリシーの強化をするため
5. 情報の開示先とその目的
本プライバシーポリシーに記載されている理由以外で、お客様の個人情報を貸し出し、販売、共有しません。
当社は次の受取人に対して個人情報を共有することがあります。(i)当社の子会社、(ii) 関連会社、(iii) 提携会社、またその他のサービス提供会社（Drift、HubSpot、SupportYourAppなど） 、(iv) 当社の業務プロセスの監査役またはアドバイザー、(v) 当社の潜在的な買収者または投資者
本プライバシーポリシーに記載された目的以外に次の目的で情報を共有することがあります。(i) 当社の代理で個人情報を保管、処理を委任するため（クラウドコンピューティングサービスプロバイダーのGoogle Cloud (GCP)、 Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)など) 、(ii) それらの情報を当社の事業運営の支援のために処理を依頼するため、 (iii) 調査、技術診断、パーソナライゼーション、分析の依頼のため、(iv) 当社のマーケティングポリシーに即してプロモーション、告知に関するやりとりをするため（「マーケティング」の項目参照）
また、次の目的で合理的に必要と判断した場合には、サービスを通して提供された個人情報やその他の情報を開示することがあります。(i)適用法、規則、法的手続き、政府の要求への準拠、(ii)ポリシーへの潜在的な違反の調査などポリシーの強化のため、（iii）違法行為、その他不正行為、詐欺の疑い、セキュリティに関する問題の調査、発見、防止、対応のため、(iv)法的要求への防御のために当社の権利を行使するため、(v)当社、当社の子会社、ユーザー、お客様やその他の第三者の権利、財産、安全を守るため、(vi)法執行機関への協力のため、(vii)知的財産権、その他法的権利の強化のために必要と当社が判断した場合。
6. 第三者による情報の収集
本プライバシーポリシーは当社がお客様より収集する情報の利用、開示のみを規定します。サービスの利用を通じてお客様が第三者へ情報を開示する場合（他のウェブサイトやURLのリンクをクリックするなど）、またインターネットを利用してその他のサイトを通じて情報を開示する場合、訪問先の別の規定が適用されます。
お客様が第三者のウェブサイトから受ける商品、サービス、またその説明、またそれらのウェブサイトのコンテンツやプライバシーに関する活動に関して当社は一切責任を負いません。また、本プライバシーポリシーはそれらの商品やサービスには適用されません。それらの第三者のウェブサイトを利用し商品やサービスを受けることによる全てのリスクを理解した上でお客様自身が自ら利用したものです。それらのウェブサイトの利用に関連したいかなる損失に関しても当社は一切責任を負いません。
7. お客様のプライバシーに関する権利
当社はお客様のプライバシーを尊重しています。そのため、お客様はいつでも当社へ連絡し、以下を要求する権利を有します。(i) お客様に関連する個人情報へアクセスし、それらを削除、修正、更新する（例えば、お客様の個人情報に誤りがある場合、それらの修正または削除を要求できます）、(ii)お客様の個人情報の利用の停止の要求する（例えば、第三者へのお客様の個人情報の共有の中止を要求できます）、または個人情報の削除を要求する（ただし、当社での情報の保持を義務付ける法的義務が適用されます）。
当社の個人情報の取り扱いに関して、異議がございましたら、当社
support@tomorrow.io
へ直接ご連絡ください。
当社の返答へご満足いただけない場合や当社の個人情報の取り扱いが法律に即していないと感じた場合は、データ保護管轄当局へお問い合わせください。
8. 情報を保持する期間
適用法で認められている範囲内でのお客様からの特別な指示がない場合、当社では、本ポリシーに記載した目的を達成するために必要な適切な期間、または法的義務を果たす、または契約の権利を行使または紛争を解決するのに必要な期間のいずれか長い方の期間、お客様の個人情報を保存します。上記の目的を達成し、当社が必要ないと判断した時点でお客様への通知なしに情報をシステムから削除することがあります。
当社の独断でいつでも不完全または不正確な情報を修正、補充または削除することがあります。
9. 情報保護の方法
当社ではサービスとお客様の情報の安全性の保持に努めています。お客様の情報の安全性を保証し、不正な利用を防ぐために業界標準のプロセスとポリシーを採用しています。情報の保護に合理的な手順を踏んでいますが、不正なアクセス、サービスの悪用への責任を負い兼ねます。明示、黙字を問わず、これらのアクセスの防止を保証するものではありません。
お客様のプライバシーが本プライバシーポリシーに従って取り扱われていないと感じた場合、またはサービスの悪用、不適切な利用を試みている人を発見したら当社
support@tomorrow.io
へお問い合わせください。
10. 企業間取引
会社の企業取引（例：事業の大部分の売却、合併、統合、資産の資産売却、または事業運営中の譲渡）が発生した場合、個人情報を含む情報を共有する場合があります。上記の場合、取得会社または譲受人は、このプライバシーポリシーに記載されている権利と義務を引き継ぎます。
11. プライバシーポリシーの更新または修正
このプライバシーポリシーは、独自の裁量により随時改訂される場合があり、最新のバージョンは常に当社のウェブサイト（tomorrow.io/legal）またはアプリケーション（「最新の改訂」欄にて反映）に掲載されます。プライバシーポリシーに重大な変更があった場合、サービスまたはメールで通知するか、アプリケーション内で通知される場合があります。変更の確認のために、このプライバシーポリシーを定期的に確認することをお勧めします。
かかる修正の通知後のお客様による本サービスの継続的な使用は、プライバシーポリシーの修正の承認、および条件に拘束されることに同意したことを意味します。
12. 国際的転送
お客様の個人情報は、本社を含む当社のサービスの保管および管理のために、欧州連合に属さない国、すなわちイスラエルおよび米国に転送される場合があります。これらの国でお客様の個人データの適切なレベルのセキュリティを確保するために、EC十分性認定、SCC、プライバシーシールド認証を受ける国への転送を保証、提供します。これにより、お客様は欧州連合以外の国への個人情報の転送に同意するものとします。
13. マーケティング
お客様の氏名、メールアドレスなどの個人情報は、当社自身で使用するか、サービスに関するプロモーション資料を提供する目的でサードパーティの下請け業者に共有される場合があります。
プライバシーに対するあなたの権利を尊重し、当社はそのようなマーケティング資料内で、当社からのさらなるマーケティングオファーの受け取りを拒否する手段を提供します。さらに、remove@tomorrow.ioに「remove」という単語を含む空白のメッセージを送信することにより、いつでもマーケティングオファーの購読を中止するように要求できます。
また、当社のウェブサイトに表示される広告をパーソナライズするために個人情報を使用する場合があります。
ここでそ
のような使用をオプトアウトまたは設定できます。
マーケティングメーリングリストの登録を解除した場合でも、サービス関連の更新と通知を引き続き送信する場合があります。
14. お問い合わせ方法
サービスに関する一般的な質問がある場合、または弊社が収集するお客様の情報とその使用方法については、support@tomorrow.ioまでお問い合わせください。
15. 当社についての情報
弊社の所在地は以下の通りです。
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USALegal
Platform
Terms of Service
Tomorrow.io Product Privacy Policy
Mobile App
App End User License Agreement
App Privacy Policy
Amazon Alexa Terms of Use
Website
Website Terms of Use
Website Privacy Policy
Website Cookie Policy
Compliance
Changelog
Weather by Tomorrow Consumer Mobile App Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 30th, 2021
1. Introduction
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. (“us”, “we” or “Company”) respect the privacy of our users (each, “you” or “User”) and are committed to protect the privacy of Users who access, download, install or register to our mobile application (the “Application”), or any other online services we provide (collectively: the “Services”). The Company has prepared this Privacy Policy to outline our practices with respect to collecting, using and disclosing your information when you use the Services.
Unfortunately, the Services are currently not available to users in the EEC who are under 16 years old. If you are a resident of the EEC and are not at least 16 years old, do not use the Services and do not provide us with any personal data relating to you. We reserve the right to access and verify any Personal Information collected from you by us. In the event that we become aware that an individual under the age of 16 has shared any information, we will discard such information. If you have any reason to believe that a minor has shared any information with us, it will be advisable to contact us at:
support@tomorrow.io
.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy carefully and use it to make informed decisions. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Services constitutes your ongoing agreement to the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services and do not provide us with any information.
The Privacy Policy is a part of the Terms of Service and is incorporated therein by reference.
In this Privacy Policy you will read about, among other things:
▪ What type of information we collect
▪ Mobile analysis and Google Analytics
▪ How we use the information
▪ With whom we share the information and for what purpose
▪ For how long we retain the information
▪ Your privacy rights
▪ How we protect your information
▪ International Transfers
▪ Marketing
▪ How to contact us
2. What type of information we collect
We may collect two types of data and information from our Users.
The first type of information is un-identified and non-identifiable information pertaining to you, which may be made available or gathered via your use of the Services (“Non-personal Information”). We are not aware of the identity from which the Non-personal Information is collected. Non-personal Information which is collected may include your aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, including certain software and hardware information about your device (e.g., the device you use, the type of browser and operating system your device uses, language preference, access time and the website’s domain name from which you linked to the Services, etc.), in order to enhance the functionality of the Services. We may also collect information about your activity on the Services (e.g., clicks, actions, online browsing, etc.).
The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“Personal Information”). Such information may include:
• Account Information:
When you sign-up and register to the Services, you will be asked to provide us certain details about yourself. When you register to the Services through the Application, we may collect from you the following information: full name, phone number, email address, as well as any other information you agreed to share with us.
• Voluntarily Information:
We may collect information which you provide us voluntarily. For instance, when you respond to communications from us, communicate with us via email or share additional information about yourself through your use of the Services. We may also collect the feedback, suggestions, complaints and reports which you send to us. Please note that we may also collect complaints about you from other Users, which may include your Personal Information.
• Device Information:
We may collect Personal Information from your device. Such information may include geolocation data, IP address, unique identifiers, as well as other information which relates to your activity through the Services.
For avoidance of doubt, if we combine Personal Information with Non-personal Information, the combined information will be treated as Personal Information as long as it remains combined.
3. Mobile analysis and Google Analytics
We may use various tracking technologies or methods of web and mobile analysis (e.g., Mixpanel, Pixels, etc.) to gather, store, and track certain information related with your access to and activity through the Services.
We may also use a tool called Google Analytics to collect information about your use of the Services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users access the Services, what pages they visit when they do so, etc. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Services. Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit sites, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the
Google Analytics Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
. For information about opting-out of Google Analytics cookies, click
here
.
4. How we use the information
We use and share Personal Information in the manners described in this Privacy Policy. In addition to the purposes listed above, the information we collect, which may include your Personal Information, is used for the following purposes:
• To set up your account and to provide the Services;
• To allow you to share and view content shared on the Services;
• To identify and authenticate your access to certain features of the Services;
• To send you relevant push notifications, which are based on different activities offered by the Services, such as: weather alerts, etc.
• To communicate with you and to keep you informed of our latest updates (e.g., via text messages and/or email massages);
• To market our website, products and the Services;
• To perform a research or to conduct analytics in order to improve and customize the Services to your needs and interests;
• To support and troubleshoot the Services and to respond to your queries;
• To investigate and resolve disputes in connection with your use of the Services;
• To detect and prevent fraudulent and illegal activity or any other type of activity that may jeopardize or negatively affect the integrity of the Services; and
• To investigate violations and enforce our policies, and as required by law, regulation or other governmental authority, or to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or respond to a government request.
5. With whom we share the information and for what purpose
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with third-parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share Personal Information with the following recipients: (i) our subsidiaries; (ii) affiliated companies; (iii) subcontractors and other third-party service providers (e.g., Drift, HubSpot, SupportYourApp); (iv) auditors or advisers of our business processes; and (v) any potential purchasers or investors in the Company.
In addition to the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, we may share Personal Information with our recipients for any of the following purposes: (i) storing or processing Personal Information on our behalf (e.g., cloud computing service providers – Google Cloud (GCP) and Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)); (ii) processing such information to assist us with our business operations; (iii) performing research, technical diagnostics, personalization and analytics and (iv) communicating promotional and informational materials, in accordance with our marketing policy (see below under “Marketing”).
We may also disclose Personal Information, or any information you submitted via the Services if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our affiliates, our Users, yourself or any third-party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies; and (vii) in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights.
6. Third-party collection of information
Our Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties via the Services (e.g., by clicking on a link to any other website or location) or via other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them.
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the products, services, or descriptions of products or services that you receive from third-party sites or to the content or privacy practices of those sites, and that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any such third-party products and services. You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using third-party sites to purchase products and services. You agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third-party sites and your usage of them.
7. Your privacy rights
We respect your privacy rights and therefore you may contact us at any time and request: (i) to access, delete, change or update any Personal Information relating to you (for example, if you believe that your Personal Information is incorrect, you may ask to have it corrected or deleted); or (ii) that we will cease any further use of your Personal Information (for example, you may ask that we will stop using or sharing your Personal Information with third-parties) or that we shall remove your Personal Information (subject to any other legal obligation that may require us to keep the information).
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your Personal Information, please contact us directly at:
support@tomorrow.io
.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are collecting or processing your Personal Information not in accordance with the laws, you can complain to the applicable data protection authority.
8. For how long we retain the information
Please note that unless you instruct us otherwise and to the extent permitted by applicable law, we will retain personal information about you for the period of time appropriate for us to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements, whichever is longer. We may delete information from our systems, without notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for the purposes set forth above.
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
9. How we protect your information
We take great care in implementing and maintaining the security of the Services and your information. We employ industry standard procedures and policies to ensure the safety of your information, and prevent unauthorized use of any such information. Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse the Services, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.
If you feel that your privacy was treated not in accordance with our Privacy Policy, or if any person attempted to abuse the Services or acted in an inappropriate manner, please contact us directly at
support@tomorrow.io
.
10. Corporate transaction
We may share information, including Personal Information, in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g., sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale of an asset or transfer in the operation thereof) of the Company. In the event of the above, the acquiring company or transferee will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
11. Updates or amendments to the Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, in our sole discretion, and the most current version will always be posted on our website (
tomorrow.io/legal
) or Application (as reflected in the “Last Revised” heading). In the event of a material change to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you through the Services or
via email, or you may be notified within the Application. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your continued use of the Services, following the notification of such amendments, constitutes your acknowledgement of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amendments.
12. International Transfers
Your Personal Information may also be transferred to countries which are not part of the European Union, namely Israel and the USA for storage and for the management of our services, including at our headquarters. In order to ensure an adequate level of security of your personal data in these countries, we provide and maintain the following guarantees: transfer to countries subject to an EC adequacy decision, SCC, and/or privacy shield certification. You hereby consent to the transfer of Personal Information to countries outside the European Union.
13. Marketing
We may use your Personal Information, such as your full name, email address, etc. ourselves or by using our third-party subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials, concerning the Services.
Out of respect to your right to privacy we provide you within such marketing materials with means to decline receiving further marketing offers from us. In addition, at any time, you may request to unsubscribe and discontinue receiving marketing offers by sending us a blank message with the word “remove” to
support@tomorrow.io
.
We may also use personal information to personalize ads displayed to you on our Website. You may opt out of or set your preferences for such use
here (Ad Choice)
.
Please note that even if you unsubscribe from our marketing mailing list, we may continue to send you service-related updates and notifications.
14. How to contact us
If you have any general questions regarding the Services or the information that we collect about you and how we use it, please contact us at
support@tomorrow.io
or use our postal address provided below.
15. Information about us
The details of the Company are as follows: The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
Tomorrow.io Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Revision: 30. März 2021
1. Einführung
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. (“wir”, “wir” oder “Unternehmen”) respektieren die Privatsphäre unserer Benutzer (jeder, “Sie” oder “Benutzer”) und verpflichten sich, die Privatsphäre von Benutzern zu schützen, die auf unsere mobile Anwendung (die “Anwendung”) oder auf alle anderen von uns angebotenen Online-Dienste (zusammen: die “Dienste”) zugreifen, diese herunterladen, installieren oder registrieren. Das Unternehmen hat diese Datenschutzerklärung erstellt, um unsere Praktiken in Bezug auf das Sammeln, Verwenden und Offenlegen Ihrer Daten bei der Nutzung der Dienste zu beschreiben.
Leider sind die Dienste derzeit für Benutzer in der EWG, die unter 16 Jahre alt sind, nicht verfügbar. Wenn Sie Einwohner der EWG sind und nicht mindestens 16 Jahre alt sind, nutzen Sie die Dienste nicht und geben Sie uns keine personenbezogenen Daten über Sie.
Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, auf alle von uns über Sie erfassten personenbezogenen Daten zuzugreifen und diese zu überprüfen. Für den Fall, dass uns bekannt wird, dass eine Person unter 16 Jahren Daten weitergegeben hat, werden wir diese Daten löschen. Wenn Sie Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass ein Minderjähriger Informationen an uns weitergegeben hat, ist es ratsam, uns zu kontaktieren:
support@tomorrow.io
.
Wir empfehlen Ihnen, die Datenschutzerklärung sorgfältig zu lesen und sie zu nutzen, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen. Mit der Nutzung der Dienste erklären Sie sich mit den Bedingungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung einverstanden, und Ihre fortgesetzte Nutzung der Dienste stellt Ihre laufende Zustimmung zur Datenschutzerklärung dar. Wenn Sie mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung nicht einverstanden sind, nutzen Sie bitte die Dienste nicht und geben Sie uns keine Informationen.
Die Datenschutzerklärung ist Teil der Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen und wird dort durch Verweis aufgenommen.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung werden Sie unter anderem darüber informiert:
▪ Welche Art von Informationen wir sammeln
▪ Mobile Analyse und Google Analytics
▪ Wie wir die Informationen verwenden
▪ Mit wem wir die Informationen teilen und zu welchem Zweck
▪ Wie lange wir die Informationen speichern
▪ Ihre Datenschutzrechte
▪ Wie wir Ihre Daten schützen
▪ Internationale Überweisungen
▪ Marketing
▪ So erreichen Sie uns
2. Welche Art von Informationen wir sammeln
Wir können zwei Arten von Daten und Informationen von unseren Benutzern erfassen.
Die erste Art von Informationen sind nicht identifizierte und nicht identifizierbare Informationen über Sie, die durch Ihre Nutzung der Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt oder gesammelt werden können (“Nicht personenbezogene Informationen”). Uns ist nicht bekannt, von welcher Identität die nicht-personenbezogenen Daten erfasst werden. Nicht personenbezogene Daten, die erfasst werden, können Ihre aggregierten Nutzungsinformationen und technischen Informationen beinhalten, die von Ihrem Gerät übertragen werden, einschließlich bestimmter Soft- und Hardwareinformationen über Ihr Gerät (z.B. das von Ihnen verwendete Gerät, der Browser- und Betriebssystemtyp, den Ihr Gerät verwendet, die Spracheinstellung, die Zugriffszeit und der Domänenname der Website, von der aus Sie mit den Diensten verbunden sind, usw.), um die Funktionalität der Dienste zu verbessern. Wir können auch Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf den Diensten sammeln (z.B. Klicks, Aktionen, Online-Browsing, etc.).
Die zweite Art von Informationen sind individuell identifizierbare Informationen, nämlich Informationen, die eine Person identifizieren oder mit angemessenem Aufwand eine Person identifizieren können (“Persönliche Informationen”). Zu diesen Informationen können gehören:
Kontoinformationen:
Wenn Sie sich anmelden und sich für die Dienste registrieren, werden Sie gebeten, uns bestimmte Angaben zu Ihrer Person zu machen. Wenn Sie sich über die Anwendung für die Dienste registrieren, können wir von Ihnen folgende Informationen erfassen: vollständiger Name, Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse sowie alle anderen Informationen, die Sie uns mitgeteilt haben.
Freiwillige Angaben:
Wir erfassen möglicherweise Informationen, die Sie uns freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen. Zum Beispiel, wenn Sie auf Mitteilungen von uns antworten, mit uns per E-Mail kommunizieren oder zusätzliche Informationen über sich selbst durch Ihre Nutzung der Dienste mitteilen. Wir können auch das Feedback, die Vorschläge, Beschwerden und Berichte sammeln, die Sie uns zusenden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir auch Beschwerden von anderen Benutzern über Sie erfassen können, die Ihre personenbezogenen Daten enthalten können.
Geräteinformationen:
Wir erfassen möglicherweise personenbezogene Daten von Ihrem Gerät. Diese Informationen können Geolokalisierungsdaten, IP-Adressen, eindeutige Identifikatoren sowie andere Informationen umfassen, die sich auf Ihre Aktivitäten über die Dienste beziehen.
Um Zweifel auszuschließen, werden die kombinierten Informationen, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten mit nicht-personenbezogenen Daten kombinieren, als personenbezogene Daten behandelt, solange sie kombiniert bleiben.
3. Mobile Analyse und Google Analytics
Wir können verschiedene Tracking-Technologien oder Methoden der Web- und Mobilanalyse (z.B. Mixpanel, Pixel, etc.) verwenden, um bestimmte Informationen im Zusammenhang mit Ihrem Zugriff auf und Ihrer Aktivität über die Dienste zu sammeln, zu speichern und zu verfolgen.
Wir können auch ein Tool namens Google Analytics verwenden, um Informationen über Ihre Nutzung der Dienste zu sammeln. Google Analytics sammelt Informationen wie z.B. wie oft Nutzer auf die Dienste zugreifen, welche Seiten sie dabei besuchen, etc. Wir verwenden die Informationen, die wir von Google Analytics erhalten, nur zur Verbesserung unserer Dienste. Google Analytics erfasst die IP-Adresse, die Ihnen an dem Tag, an dem Sie die Websites besuchen, zugewiesen wird, nicht Ihren Namen oder andere identifizierende Informationen. Wir kombinieren die durch die Verwendung von Google Analytics erfassten Daten nicht mit personenbezogenen Daten. Die Möglichkeit von Google Analytics, Informationen über Ihre Besuche auf dieser Website zu nutzen und weiterzugeben, wird durch die
Nutzungsbedingungen von Google Analytics
und die
Datenschutzerklärung von Google
eingeschränkt. Für Informationen zur Abmeldung von Google Analytics-Cookies klicken Sie bitte
hier
.
4. Wie wir die Informationen verwenden
Wir verwenden und teilen personenbezogene Daten auf die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebene Weise. Zusätzlich zu den oben genannten Zwecken werden die von uns erfassten Informationen, zu denen auch Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gehören können, für die folgenden Zwecke verwendet:
Um Ihr Konto einzurichten und die Dienste bereitzustellen;
Damit Sie Inhalte, die auf den Diensten freigegeben sind, freigeben und anzeigen können;
Zur Identifizierung und Authentifizierung Ihres Zugangs zu bestimmten Funktionen der Dienste;
Um Ihnen relevante Push-Benachrichtigungen zu senden, die auf verschiedenen Aktivitäten basieren, die von den Diensten angeboten werden, wie z.B.: Wetteralarme, etc.
Um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren und Sie über unsere neuesten Updates auf dem Laufenden zu halten (z.B. durch Textnachrichten und/oder E-Mail-Meldungen und/oder andere Methoden);
Zur Vermarktung unserer Website, Produkte und Dienstleistungen;
Um eine Recherche durchzuführen oder Analysen durchzuführen, um die Dienste zu verbessern und an Ihre Bedürfnisse und Interessen anzupassen;
Zur Unterstützung und Fehlerbehebung der Dienste und zur Beantwortung Ihrer Anfragen;
Zur Untersuchung und Beilegung von Streitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste;
Betrügerische und illegale Aktivitäten oder jede andere Art von Aktivitäten, die die Integrität der Dienste gefährden oder negativ beeinflussen können, aufzudecken und zu verhindern; und
Um Verstöße zu untersuchen und unsere Richtlinien durchzusetzen, und wie es das Gesetz, die Verordnung oder eine andere Regierungsbehörde vorschreibt, oder um einer Vorladung oder einem ähnlichen Rechtsverfahren nachzukommen oder auf eine Regierungsanfrage zu reagieren.
5. Mit wem wir die Informationen teilen und zu welchem Zweck
Wir vermieten, verkaufen oder teilen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht mit Dritten, es sei denn, dies ist in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben.
Wir können personenbezogene Daten an die folgenden Empfänger weitergeben: (i) unsere Tochtergesellschaften; (ii) verbundene Unternehmen; (iii) Subunternehmer und andere Drittdienstleister (z.B. Drift, HubSpot, SupportYourApp); (iv) Auditoren oder Berater unserer Geschäftsprozesse; und (v) alle potenziellen Käufer oder Investoren des Unternehmens.
Zusätzlich zu den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Zwecken können wir personenbezogene Daten für einen der folgenden Zwecke an unsere Empfänger weitergeben: (i) Speicherung oder Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten in unserem Namen (z.B. Cloud Computing Service Provider – Google Cloud (GCP) und Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)); (ii) Verarbeitung dieser Daten zur Unterstützung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit; (iii) Durchführung von Forschung, technischer Diagnose, Personalisierung und Analysen und (iv) Übermittlung von Werbe- und Informationsmaterial in Übereinstimmung mit unserer Marketingpolitik (siehe unten unter “Marketing”).
Wir können auch personenbezogene Daten oder alle Informationen, die Sie über die Dienste übermittelt haben, weitergeben, wenn wir in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Weitergabe dieser Informationen hilfreich oder vernünftigerweise notwendig ist: (i) geltendes Recht, Vorschriften, Gerichtsverfahren oder behördliche Anordnungen einzuhalten; (ii) unsere Richtlinien durchzusetzen, einschließlich der Untersuchung potenzieller Verstöße gegen diese Richtlinien; (iii) illegale Aktivitäten oder andere Fehlverhalten, vermuteten Betrug oder Sicherheitsprobleme zu untersuchen, zu erkennen, zu verhindern oder Maßnahmen zu ergreifen; (iv) unsere Rechte zur Verteidigung gegen Rechtsansprüche einzuführen oder auszuüben; (v) Schäden an den Rechten, dem Eigentum oder der Sicherheit von uns, unseren verbundenen Unternehmen, unseren Nutzern, sich selbst oder Dritten zu verhindern; (vi) zum Zwecke der Zusammenarbeit mit Strafverfolgungsbehörden; und (vii) falls wir es für notwendig halten, um geistiges Eigentum oder andere gesetzliche Rechte durchzusetzen.
6. Sammlung von Informationen durch Dritte
Unsere Datenschutzerklärung bezieht sich nur auf die Verwendung und Weitergabe von Informationen, die wir von Ihnen erfassen. Soweit Sie Ihre Daten über die Dienste (z.B. durch Anklicken eines Links zu einer anderen Website oder einem anderen Standort) oder über andere Websites im gesamten Internet an Dritte weitergeben, können für deren Nutzung oder Weitergabe der von Ihnen an diese weitergebenen Daten andere Regeln gelten.
Sie erkennen an, dass wir nicht für die Produkte, Dienstleistungen oder Beschreibungen von Produkten oder Dienstleistungen verantwortlich sind, die Sie von Websites Dritter oder für den Inhalt oder die Datenschutzpraktiken dieser Websites erhalten, und dass diese Datenschutzrichtlinie nicht für solche Produkte und Dienstleistungen Dritter gilt. Sie übernehmen bewusst und freiwillig alle Risiken der Nutzung von Websites Dritter zum Kauf von Produkten und Dienstleistungen. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass wir keinerlei Haftung in Bezug auf diese Websites Dritter und deren Nutzung übernehmen.
7. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Wir respektieren Ihre Datenschutzrechte und deshalb können Sie uns jederzeit kontaktieren und anfragen: (i) um auf personenbezogene Daten zuzugreifen, zu löschen, zu ändern oder zu aktualisieren (z.B. wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten falsch sind, können Sie darum bitten, diese korrigieren oder löschen zu lassen); oder (ii) dass wir jede weitere Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten einstellen werden (z.B. können Sie verlangen, dass wir die Verwendung oder Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte einstellen) oder dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entfernen werden (vorbehaltlich aller anderen gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen, die uns zur Aufbewahrung der Daten verpflichten).
Wenn Sie eine Beschwerde darüber einreichen möchten, wie wir mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten umgegangen sind, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte direkt unter:
support@tomorrow.io
.
Wenn Sie mit unserer Antwort nicht zufrieden sind oder glauben, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht in Übereinstimmung mit den Gesetzen erfassen oder verarbeiten, können Sie sich an die zuständige Datenschutzbehörde wenden.
8. Wie lange wir die Informationen aufbewahren
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir, sofern Sie uns keine anderslautenden Anweisungen erteilen und soweit dies nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist, personenbezogene Daten über Sie für den Zeitraum speichern, der für die Erfüllung der in dieser Richtlinie genannten Zwecke angemessen ist, oder wenn dies zur Erfüllung unserer gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen, zur Beilegung von Streitigkeiten oder zur Durchsetzung unserer Vereinbarungen erforderlich ist, je nachdem, welcher Zeitraum länger ist. Wir können Informationen aus unseren Systemen löschen, ohne Sie darüber in Kenntnis zu setzen, sobald wir es für die oben genannten Zwecke für nicht mehr erforderlich halten.
Wir können unvollständige oder ungenaue Informationen jederzeit und nach eigenem Ermessen berichtigen, ergänzen oder entfernen.
9. Wie wir Ihre Daten schützen
Wir legen großen Wert auf die Implementierung und Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit der Dienste und Ihrer Daten. Wir verwenden branchenübliche Verfahren und Richtlinien, um die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten zu gewährleisten und die unbefugte Nutzung dieser Daten zu verhindern. Obwohl wir angemessene Maßnahmen zum Schutz der Informationen ergreifen, können wir nicht für die Handlungen derjenigen verantwortlich gemacht werden, die sich unbefugten Zugriff verschaffen oder die Dienste missbrauchen, und wir geben keine ausdrückliche, stillschweigende oder anderweitige Garantie, dass wir diesen Zugriff verhindern werden.
Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass Ihre Privatsphäre nicht in Übereinstimmung mit unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie behandelt wurde, oder wenn eine Person versucht hat, die Dienste zu missbrauchen oder unangemessen zu handeln, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte direkt unter:
support@tomorrow.io
.
10. Unternehmenstransaktion
Wir können Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, im Falle einer Unternehmenstransaktion (z.B. Verkauf eines wesentlichen Teils unseres Geschäfts, Fusion, Konsolidierung oder Verkauf eines Vermögenswertes oder Übertragung im Rahmen seines Betriebs) des Unternehmens weitergeben. In diesem Fall übernimmt die übernehmende Gesellschaft oder der Empfänger die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Rechte und Pflichten.
11. Aktualisierungen oder Ergänzungen der Datenschutzerklärung
Wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit nach eigenem Ermessen überarbeiten, und die aktuellste Version wird immer auf unserer Website (
tomorrow.io/legal
) oder Anwendung (wie in der Rubrik “Letzte Revision” beschrieben) veröffentlicht. Im Falle einer wesentlichen Änderung der Datenschutzerklärung werden wir Sie über die Dienste oder per E-Mail informieren, oder Sie werden innerhalb der Anwendung benachrichtigt. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung regelmäßig auf Änderungen zu überprüfen.
Ihre fortgesetzte Nutzung der Dienste nach der Bekanntgabe solcher Änderungen stellt Ihre Anerkennung solcher Änderungen der Datenschutzerklärung und Ihre Zustimmung dar, an die Bedingungen dieser Änderungen gebunden zu sein.
12. Internationale Transfers
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten können auch in Länder, die nicht zur Europäischen Union gehören, nämlich Israel und die USA, zur Speicherung und Verwaltung unserer Dienstleistungen, auch in unserem Hauptsitz, übertragen werden. Um ein angemessenes Sicherheitsniveau Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in diesen Ländern zu gewährleisten, bieten und erhalten wir folgende Garantien: Übermittlung in Länder, die einer EG-Eignungsentscheidung unterliegen, SCC und/oder Zertifizierung des Datenschutzes. Sie stimmen hiermit der Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten in Länder außerhalb der Europäischen Union zu.
13. Marketing
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wie z.B. Ihren vollständigen Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse usw. selbst oder durch die Verwendung unserer Drittanbieter verwenden, um Ihnen Werbematerial über die Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Aus Respekt vor Ihrem Recht auf Datenschutz stellen wir Ihnen innerhalb solcher Marketingmaterialien Mittel zur Verfügung, um den Erhalt weiterer Marketingangebote von uns abzulehnen. Darüber hinaus können Sie sich jederzeit abmelden und den Erhalt von Marketingangeboten einstellen, indem Sie uns eine leere Nachricht mit dem Wort “remove” an
support@tomorrow.io
senden.
Wir können auch personenbezogene Daten verwenden, um Anzeigen zu personalisieren, die Ihnen auf unserer Website angezeigt werden.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Einstellungen für eine solche Verwendung deaktivieren oder festlegen
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihnen auch dann, wenn Sie sich von unserer Marketing-Mailingliste abmelden, weiterhin servicebezogene Updates und Benachrichtigungen zusenden können.
14. Wie Sie uns erreichen können
Wenn Sie allgemeine Fragen zu den Diensten oder den Informationen, die wir über Sie sammeln und wie wir sie verwenden, haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
support@tomorrow.io
15. Informationen über uns
Details der Gesellschaft:
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
Tomorrow.io Politique de confidentialité
Dernière mise à jour : 30 mars 2021
1. Introduction
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. (“nous”, ou “la Société”) respecte la vie privée de ses utilisateurs (chacun, “vous” ou “Utilisateur”) et s’engage à protéger la vie privée des Utilisateurs qui accèdent, téléchargent, installent ou s’inscrivent à notre application mobile (l’”Application”), ou à tout autre service en ligne que nous fournissons (dénommés collectivement : les “Services”). La Société a rédigé la présente Politique de Confidentialité afin d’exposer nos pratiques concernant la collecte, l’utilisation et la divulgation de vos informations lors de l’utilisation de nos Services.
Malheureusement, les Services ne sont actuellement pas disponibles aux utilisateurs de l’Union européenne âgés de moins de 16 ans. Si vous êtes résident de l’Union européenne et n’êtes pas âgé d’au moins 16 ans, veuillez ne pas utiliser les Services et ne nous fournir aucune donnée personnelle vous concernant.
Nous nous réservons le droit d’accéder, de vérifier toute information personnelle que nous avons collectée sur vous. S’il est porté à notre connaissance qu’une personne âgée de moins de 16 ans a partagé des informations avec nous, nous supprimerons ces informations. Si vous avez des raisons de croire qu’une personne mineure a partagé des informations avec nous, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante : support@tomorrow.io
.
Nous vous encourageons à lire la Politique de Confidentialité attentivement afin de prendre des décisions réfléchies. En utilisant les Services, vous consentez aux termes de la présente Politique de Confidentialité et la poursuite de votre utilisation des Services constitue un accord permanent concernant la  Politique de Confidentialité. Si vous ne consentez pas à la présente Politique de Confidentialité, veuillez ne pas utiliser les Services ni nous fournir aucune information.
La Politique de Confidentialité fait partie des Conditions d’utilisation et fait partie intégrante de celle-ci par référence.
Dans cette Politique de Confidentialité  vous trouverez, entre autres :
▪ Le type d’information que nous recueillons
▪ L’analyse Mobile et Google Analytics
▪ La manière dont nous utilisons les informations
▪ Avec qui nous partageons les informations et à quelles fins
▪ La durée pendant laquelle nous conservons les informations
▪ Vos droits à la vie privée
▪ La manière dont nous protégeons vos informations
▪ Les transferts Internationaux
▪ Le Marketing
▪ Comment nous contacter
2. Le type d’informations que nous collectons
Nous collectons deux types de données et informations auprès de nos Utilisateurs.
Le premier type d’informations est constitué d’informations non-identifiées et non-identifiables vous concernant, qui peuvent être mises à disposition ou rassemblées via votre utilisation des Services (ci-après “Informations non-personnelles”). Nous ne connaissons pas l’identité relative aux informations non-personnelles collectées. Les Informations non personnelles collectées peuvent inclure vos informations d’utilisation agrégées et les informations techniques transmises par votre appareil, y compris certaines informations logicielles et matérielles concernant votre appareil (par exemple, l’appareil que vous utilisez, le type de navigateur et système d’exploitation utilisé sur votre appareil, les préférences concernant la langue, les heures d’accès et le nom de domaine du site à partir duquel vous avez établi un lien vers les Services, etc.), afin d’améliorer les fonctionnalités des Services. Nous pouvons également collecter des informations à propos de votre activité sur les Services (par exemple, les clics, actions, navigation en ligne, etc.).
Le second type d’informations est l’information identifiable individuellement, à savoir les informations qui identifient nommément une personne ou peuvent, assez facilement permettre d’identifier la personne (ci-après “Information personnelle”). Ces informations peuvent inclure :
Informations sur le compte :
en vous inscrivant et vous connectant aux Services, il vous sera demandé de nous fournir certains détails vous concernant. Lorsque vous vous inscrivez aux Services par l’Application, nous pourrons collecter les informations suivantes : nom complet, numéro de téléphone, adresse mail, ainsi que toute autre information que vous avez accepté de partager avec nous.
Informations Volontaire :
Nous pouvons collecter des informations que vous nous avez fournies volontairement. Par exemple, lorsque vous répondez à des communications de notre part, lorsque vous  communiquez avec nous par email ou que vous partagez des informations supplémentaires à votre sujet en utilisant nos Services. Nous pouvons également recueillir les retours, suggestions, réclamations et rapports que vous nous envoyez. Veuillez noter que nous pouvons également collecter les plaintes d’autres utilisateurs à votre sujet, ce qui pourrait inclure vos Informations Personnelles.
Informations sur l’appareil :
Nous pouvons collecter des Informations personnelles sur votre appareil. De telles informations peuvent inclure la géo-location de données, l’adresse IP, les identifiants uniques, ainsi que d’autres informations relatives à votre activité via les Services.
Afin d’écarter tout doute, si nous combinons des Informations Personnelles avec des Informations non-personnelles, les informations combinées seront traitées comme des Informations personnelles tant qu’elles demeurent combinées.
3. Analyse Mobile et Google Analytics
Nous pouvons utiliser plusieurs technologies de suivi ou méthodes d’analyse web et mobile (par exemple, Mixpanel, Pixels, etc.) afin de rassembler, stocker, et suivre certaines informations liées à votre accès et à votre activité via les Services.
Nous pouvons également utiliser un outil appelé Google Analytics pour collecter des informations à propos de votre utilisation des Services. Google Analytics collecte les informations telles que la fréquence à laquelle les utilisateurs accèdent aux Services, les pages qu’ils visitent, à quel moment, etc. Nous utilisons les informations obtenues par Google Analytics uniquement pour améliorer nos Services. Google Analytics collecte l’adresse IP qui vous est attribuée à la date à laquelle vous visitez les sites, plutôt que votre nom ou autres informations permettant de vous identifier. Nous ne combinons pas les informations collectées via Google Analytics avec des informations personnelles. Les capacités de Google à utiliser et partager les informations collectées par Google Analytics à propos de vos visites sur ce site sont limitées par les
Conditions d’utilisation de Google Analytics
et la
Politique de Confidentialité de Google
. Pour plus d’informations concernant le retrait des cookies de Google Analytics, cliquez
ici
.
4. Comment nous utilisons les informations
Nous utilisons et partageons les Informations Personnelles de la manière décrite dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité. Outre les buts énumérés ci-dessus, les informations que nous collectons, qui peuvent inclure vos Informations Personnelles, sont utilisées aux fins suivantes :
Configurer votre compte et fournir les Services;
Vous permettre de partager et afficher du contenu partagé sur les Services;
Identifier et authentifier votre accès à certaines fonctionnalités des Services;
Vous envoyer des notifications push pertinentes, fondées sur différentes activités offertes par les Services, telles que : des alertes météorologiques etc.
Communiquer avec vous et vous maintenir informés de nos dernières mises à jour (par exemple, par messages textes et/ou email et/ou autres méthodes);
Commercialiser notre site internet, produits et Services;
Effectuer une recherche ou des analyses afin d’améliorer et personnaliser les Services à vos besoins et intérêts;
Prendre en charge, dépanner les Services et répondre à vos questions;
Enquêter et résoudre les litiges liés à votre utilisation des Services;
Détecter et empêcher une activité frauduleuse et illégale ou tout autre type d’activité susceptible de compromettre ou d’affecter négativement l’intégrité des Services;
Enquêter sur les violations et appliquer nos politiques, conformément à la loi et à la réglementation ou tout autre autorité gouvernementale, ou pour se soumettre à une assignation à comparaître ou toute autre procédure juridique similaire, ou répondre à une demande gouvernementale.
5. Avec qui partageons-nous vos informations et à quelles fins
Nous ne louons, vendons, ni ne partageons pas vos Informations Personnelles avec des tiers sauf dans les cas énoncés dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
Nous pouvons partager des informations Personnelles avec les personnes suivantes : (i) nos filiales; (ii) sociétés affiliées; (iii) sous-traitants et autres fournisseurs de services tiers (par exemple : Drift, HubSpot, SupportYourApp); (iv) auditeurs ou conseillers de nos processus opérationnels; et (v) tout acquéreur potentiel ou investisseur dans la Société.
Outre les objectifs énumérés dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité, nous pouvons partager des Informations Personnelles avec nos destinataires pour tous les buts suivants : (i) stockage ou traitement des Informations Personnelles pour notre compte (par exemple, fournisseurs de services d’informatique en
cloud
– Google Cloud Platform (GCP) et Amazon Web Services (AWS)); (ii) traitement de ces Informations pour nous aider dans nos activités commerciales opérationnelles; (iii) effectuer des recherches, diagnostics techniques, personnalisations et analyses and (iv) communiquer du contenu promotionnel et informatif, conformément à notre politique marketing (voir ci-après : “Marketing”).
Nous pouvons divulguer des Informations Personnelles, ou toute information que vous avez transmise via les Services si nous croyons, de bonne foi, que la divulgation de ces informations peut être utile ou raisonnablement nécessaire pour : (i) se conformer à toute loi, réglementation, procédure juridique, ou demande gouvernementale; (ii) mettre en œuvre nos politiques, y compris enquêter sur les potentielles violations de celles-ci; (iii) enquêter, détecter, prévenir, ou prendre des mesures concernant des activités illégales ou d’autres actes répréhensibles, des fraudes présumées ou problèmes de sécurité; (iv) établir ou exercer notre droit de nous défendre contre des actions en justice; (v) éviter une atteinte à nos droits, à notre propriété ou sécurité,  pour notre compte ou celui de nos filiales, Utilisateurs, vous-même ou tout autre tiers; (vi) dans le but de collaborer avec les forces de l’ordre; et (vii) si nous le jugeons nécessaire, afin de faire respecter la propriété intellectuelle ou tout autre droit légal.
6. Collecte d’informations par des Tiers
Notre Politique de Confidentialité concerne uniquement l’utilisation et la divulgation d’informations que nous recueillons auprès vous. Dans la mesure où vous divulguez vos informations à des tiers via les Services (par exemple, en cliquant sur un lien vers tout autre site ou lieu) ou via d’autres sites Internet, des règles différentes peuvent s’appliquer à leur utilisation ou à la divulgation d’informations que vous divulguez auprès d’eux.
Vous reconnaissez que nous ne sommes pas responsables des produits, services, ou description des produits ou services que vous recevez de sites tiers ou du contenu ou des politiques de confidentialité de ces sites, et la présente Politique de Confidentialité ne s’applique pas aux produits et services de ces tiers. Vous assumez sciemment et volontairement tous les risques liés à l’utilisation de sites tiers pour l’achat de produits et services. Vous consentez à ce que nous n’ayons aucune responsabilité quelle qu’elle soit concernant ces sites tiers et votre utilisation de ceux-ci.
7. Vos droits au respect de la vie privée
Nous respectons votre droit à la vie privée, par conséquent vous pouvez nous contacter à tout moment et demander: (i) d’accéder, de supprimer, de modifier ou de mettre à jour toute Information Personnelle vous concernant (par exemple, si vous pensez que vos Informations Personnelles sont incorrectes, vous pouvez demander à ce qu’elles soient corrigées ou supprimées); ou (ii) que nous cessions toute utilisation de vos Informations Personnelles (par exemple, vous pouvez demander que nous cessions d’utiliser ou de partager vos Informations Personnelles avec des tiers) ou que nous effacions vos Informations Personnelles (sous réserve de toute autre obligation légale qui nous contraindrait à conserver ces informations).
Si vous souhaitez déposer une réclamation sur la manière dont nous avons traité vos Informations Personnelles, veuillez nous contacter directement à l’adresse suivante :
support@tomorrow.io
.
Si vous n’êtes pas satisfaits de notre réponse ou si vous pensez que nous recueillons ou traitons vos Informations Personnelles d’une manière qui n’est pas en accord avec la loi, vous pouvez adresser une réclamation à l’autorité de protection des données compétente.
8. Pendant combien de temps conservons-nous les informations
Veuillez noter que, sauf indication contraire de votre part, et dans la mesure permise par la Loi, nous conserverons vos Informations Personnelles pendant la période qui nous parait appropriée pour que nous puissions atteindre les objectifs énoncés dans la présente Politique ou nécessaire pour nous conformer à nos obligations légales, mettre fin à des litiges ou appliquer nos accords, selon le délai le plus long.  Nous pouvons supprimer les informations de nos systèmes, sans qu’il soit nécessaire de vous en informer, dès lors que nous estimerons qu’elles ne sont plus nécessaires pour les objectifs susmentionnés.
Nous pouvons rectifier, reconstituer ou supprimer des Informations incomplètes ou inexactes, à tout moment et à notre seule discrétion.
9. Comment protégeons-nous vos informations
Nous accordons un soin particulier à la mise en œuvre et au maintien de la sécurité des Services et de vos informations. Nous utilisons des procédures et politiques standard dans l’industrie standard pour garantir la sécurité de vos informations, et empêcher l’utilisation non-autorisée de telles informations. Bien que nous prenions des mesures raisonnables pour protéger les informations, nous ne pouvons être tenus responsables des actes de ceux qui obtiendraient un accès non-autorisé ou un abus des Services, et nous ne donnons aucune garantie, explicite, implicite ou autre, que nous réussirons à empêcher un tel accès.
Si vous pensez que votre vie privée n’a pas été respectée conformément à notre Politique de Confidentialité, ou dans le cas où toute personne a tenté d’abuser des Services ou agi de manière inappropriée, veuillez nous contacter directement à l’adresse:
support@tomorrow.io
.
10. Transactions d’entreprise
Nous pouvons partager des informations, y compris des Informations Personnelles, dans le cas d’une transaction d’entreprise (par exemple, la vente d’une partie substantielle de notre activité, fusion, consolidation de vente d’un actif ou le transfert dans les opérations susmentionnées) de la Société. Dans ce cas, la Société acheteuse ou le bénéficiaire du transfert assumera les droits et obligations tels qu’énoncés dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
11. Mises à jour ou modifications de la Politique de Confidentialité
Nous pouvons réviser la présente Politique de Confidentialité de temps à autre, à notre discrétion exclusive, et la dernière version sera toujours publiée sur notre site internet (
tomorrow.io/legal
) ou dans l’Application (ci-après dénommée la “Dernière Version”). En cas de changement significatif à la présente Politique de Confidentialité, nous vous informerons par l’intermédiaire des Services ou par email, ou vous pourrez être notifié dans l’Application. Nous vous encourageons à consulter la présente Politique de Confidentialité régulièrement pour tout changement.
Le fait que vous continuiez l’utilisation des Services, suite à la notification de ces modifications, constitue une reconnaissance de votre part concernant les modifications apportées à la Politique de Confidentialité et votre consentement d’être lié  par les termes de ces changements.
12. Transferts Internationaux
Vos informations personnelles peuvent également être transférées vers des pays qui ne sont pas membres de l’Union Européenne, à savoir Israël et les Etats-Unis pour le stockage et la gestion de nos services, y compris à notre siège. Afin d’assurer un niveau de sécurité adéquat de vos données personnelles dans ces pays, nous fournissons et maintenons les garanties suivantes : ne les transférer que vers des pays soumis à une décision de la Cour Européenne, certification SCC, et/ou protection de la vie privée. Vous consentez par la présente au transfert des Informations Personnelles à des pays situés hors de l’Union Européenne.
13. Marketing
Nous pouvons utiliser vos Informations Personnelles, telles que votre nom complet, adresse mail, etc. pour nous ou par l’intermédiaire d’un de nos sous-traitants tiers afin de vous fournir du contenu promotionnel, concernant les Services.
Par respect pour votre droit à la vie privée, nous vous fournissons dans ces contenus marketing des moyens de refuser de recevoir d’autres offres marketing de notre part. En outre, à tout moment, vous avez la possibilité de demander à vous désabonner et ne plus recevoir d’offres promotionnelles en nous envoyant un message comprenant uniquement le mot “
remove
”  à l’adresse
support@tomorrow.io
.
Nous pouvons également utiliser des informations personnelles pour personnaliser les publicités qui vous sont présentées sur notre site Web. Vous pouvez désactiver ou définir vos préférences pour une telle utilisation
ici
.
Veuillez noter que même si vous vous désabonnez de notre liste de diffusion marketing,  nous pouvons continuer à vous envoyer des mises à jour et notifications relatives aux Services.
14. Comment nous contacter
Pour toutes questions concernant les Services ou les informations que nous collectons vous concernant et comment nous les utilisons, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante :
support@tomorrow.io
15. Informations nous concernant
Les détails de la  Société sont les suivants :
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
Política de privacidad de Tomorrow.io
Última revisión: 30 de marzo 2021
1. Introducción
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. (“nosotros”, “nos” o “la Compañía”) respetan la privacidad de nuestros usuarios (cada uno denominado, “usted” o “Usuario”) y se comprometen a proteger la privacidad de los Usuarios que accedan, descarguen, instalen o se registren en nuestra aplicación móvil (la “Aplicación”), o en cualquier otro servicio en línea que proporcionemos (colectivamente denominados: los “Servicios”). La Compañía ha redactado esta Política de Privacidad con el fin de describir nuestras prácticas con respecto a la recopilación, uso y divulgación de su información cuando utiliza los Servicios.
Desafortunadamente, los Servicios no están disponibles para usuarios menores de 16 años en la CEE. Si usted es residente de la CEE y no tiene al menos 16 años, no utilice los Servicios ni nos proporcione ningún dato personal relacionado con usted.
Nos reservamos el derecho de acceder y verificar cualquier Información Personal que hayamos recopilado de usted. En el caso de que nos enteremos de que una persona menor de 16 años ha compartido alguna información, desecharemos dicha información. Si usted tiene alguna razón para creer que un menor de edad ha compartido alguna información con nosotros, será aconsejable que nos contacte a:
support@tomorrow.io.
Le recomendamos que lea atentamente la Política de Privacidad y la utilice para tomar decisiones informadas. Al utilizar los Servicios, usted acepta los términos de esta Política de Privacidad y su uso continuado de los Servicios constituye su aceptación continua de la Política de Privacidad. Si no está de acuerdo con esta Política de Privacidad, por favor no utilice los Servicios y no nos proporcione ninguna información.
La Política de Privacidad forma parte de los Términos de Servicio y se incorpora a los mismos por referencia.
En esta Política de Privacidad leerá, entre otras cosas, acerca de:
▪ Qué tipo de información recolectamos
▪  Análisis móvil y Google Analytics
▪ Cómo utilizamos la información
▪ Con quién compartimos la información y con qué propósito
▪ Durante cuánto tiempo conservamos la información
▪ Sus derechos de privacidad
▪ Cómo protegemos su información
▪ Transferencias internacionales
▪ Comercialización
▪ Cómo contactarnos
2. Qué tipo de información recopilamos
Podemos recopilar dos tipos de datos e información de nuestros Usuarios.
El primer tipo de información es la información no identificada y no identificable que le pertenece, que puede estar disponible o recopilada a través de su uso de los Servicios (“Información no personal”). No conocemos la identidad de a quien le pertenece la Información no personal recogida. La Información no personal que se recopila puede incluir su información de uso agregada e información técnica transmitida por su dispositivo, incluyendo cierta información de software y hardware sobre su dispositivo (por ejemplo, el dispositivo que utiliza, el tipo de navegador y sistema operativo que utiliza su dispositivo, las preferencias de idioma, el tiempo de acceso y el nombre de dominio del sitio web desde el que se enlazó con los Servicios, etc.), a fin de mejorar la funcionalidad de los Servicios. También podemos recopilar información sobre su actividad en los Servicios (por ejemplo, clics, acciones, navegación en línea, etc.).
El segundo tipo de información es la información de identificación individual, es decir, la información que identifica a una persona o que, con un esfuerzo razonable, puede identificar a una persona (“Información personal”). Dicha información puede incluir
– Información de la cuenta:
Cuando se inscriba y se registre en los Servicios, se le pedirá que nos proporcione ciertos detalles sobre usted. Cuando usted se registra en los Servicios a través de la Aplicación, podemos recopilar la siguiente información: nombre completo, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico, así como cualquier otra información que usted haya acordado compartir con nosotros.
– Información voluntaria:
Podemos recopilar información que usted nos proporciona voluntariamente. Por ejemplo, cuando responda a nuestras comunicaciones, se comunique con nosotros por correo electrónico o comparta información adicional sobre usted a través de su uso de los Servicios. También podemos recopilar los comentarios, sugerencias, quejas e informes que nos envíe. Tenga en cuenta que también podemos recopilar quejas sobre usted de otros Usuarios, que pueden incluir su Información Personal.
– Información del dispositivo:
Es posible que recopilemos información personal de su dispositivo. Dicha información puede incluir datos de geolocalización, dirección IP, identificadores únicos, así como otra información relacionada con su actividad a través de los Servicios.
Para evitar dudas, si combinamos Información Personal con Información No Personal, la información combinada será tratada como Información Personal siempre y cuando permanezca combinada.
3. Análisis móvil y Google Analytics
Podemos utilizar diversas tecnologías de seguimiento o métodos de análisis web y móvil (por ejemplo, Mixpanel, Pixels, etc.) para recopilar, almacenar y realizar un seguimiento de cierta información relacionada con su acceso y actividad a través de los Servicios.
También podemos utilizar una herramienta llamada Google Analytics para recopilar información sobre su uso de los Servicios. Google Analytics recopila información como, por ejemplo, la frecuencia con la que los usuarios acceden a los Servicios, las páginas que visitan al hacerlo, etc. Utilizamos la información que obtenemos de Google Analytics sólo para mejorar nuestros Servicios. Google Analytics recopila la dirección IP que se le asignó en la fecha en que visita los sitios web, en lugar de su nombre u otra información de identificación. No combinamos la información recopilada mediante el uso de Google Analytics con información de identificación personal. La capacidad de Google para utilizar y compartir la información recopilada por Google Analytics acerca de sus visitas a este sitio web está restringida por las
Condiciones de servicio de Google Analytics
y la
Política de privacidad de Google
. Para obtener información sobre la inhabilitación de las cookies de Google Analytics, haga clic
aquí
.
4. Cómo utilizamos la información
Usamos y compartimos la información personal de las maneras descritas en esta Política de Privacidad. Además de los fines mencionados anteriormente, la información que recopilamos, que puede incluir su Información Personal, se utiliza para los siguientes fines:
– Para configurar su cuenta y proporcionar los Servicios;
– Para permitirle compartir y ver el contenido compartido en los Servicios;
– Para identificar y autenticar su acceso a ciertas características de los Servicios;
– Para enviarle notificaciones
push
relevantes, que se basan en diferentes actividades ofrecidas por los Servicios, tales como: alertas meteorológicas, etc.
– Para comunicarnos con usted y mantenerlo informado de nuestras últimas actualizaciones (por ejemplo, mediante mensajes de texto y/o masajes por correo electrónico y/o otros métodos);
– Comercializar nuestro sitio web, productos y servicios;
– Realizar una investigación o realizar análisis con el fin de mejorar y personalizar los Servicios a sus necesidades e intereses;
– Para dar soporte y solucionar los problemas de los Servicios y responder a sus preguntas;
– Para investigar y resolver disputas relacionadas con su uso de los Servicios;
– Detectar y prevenir actividades fraudulentas e ilegales o cualquier otro tipo de actividad que pueda poner en peligro o afectar negativamente la integridad de los Servicios; y
– Para investigar violaciones y hacer cumplir nuestras políticas, y según lo exijan las leyes, reglamentos u otras autoridades gubernamentales, o para cumplir con una citación o proceso legal similar o responder a una solicitud del gobierno.
5. Con quién compartimos la información y con qué propósito
No alquilamos, vendemos ni compartimos su información personal con terceros, excepto como se describe en esta Política de Privacidad.
Podemos compartir información personal con los siguientes destinatarios: (i) nuestras subsidiarias; (ii) compañías afiliadas; (iii) subcontratistas y otros proveedores de servicios de terceros (por ejemplo, Drift, HubSpot, SupportYourApp); (iv) auditores o asesores de nuestros procesos de negocio; y (v) cualquier comprador o inversionista potencial en la Compañía.
Además de los fines enumerados en esta Política de Privacidad, podemos compartir Información Personal con nuestros destinatarios para cualquiera de los siguientes fines: (i) almacenar o procesar Información Personal en nuestro nombre (por ejemplo, proveedores de servicios de Cloud Computing – Google Cloud (GCP) y Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)); (ii) procesar dicha información para ayudarnos en nuestras operaciones comerciales; (iii) realizar investigaciones, diagnósticos técnicos, personalización y análisis; y (iv) comunicar materiales promocionales e informativos, de acuerdo con nuestra política de marketing (ver más adelante bajo “Marketing”).
También podemos revelar Información Personal, o cualquier información que usted haya enviado a través de los Servicios si creemos de buena fe que la divulgación de dicha información es útil o razonablemente necesaria para ello: (i) cumplir con cualquier ley, regulación, proceso legal o solicitud gubernamental aplicable; (ii) hacer cumplir nuestras políticas, incluidas las investigaciones de posibles violaciones de las mismas; (iii) investigar, detectar, prevenir o tomar medidas en relación con actividades ilegales u otras irregularidades, sospechas de fraude o cuestiones de seguridad; (iv) para establecer o ejercer nuestros derechos de defensa contra demandas legales; (v) para prevenir daños a los derechos, propiedad o seguridad de nosotros, nuestros afiliados, nuestros usuarios, usted o cualquier tercero; (vi) con el propósito de colaborar con las agencias de aplicación de la ley; y (vii) en caso de que lo consideremos necesario para hacer cumplir la propiedad intelectual u otros derechos legales.
6. Recopilación de información por parte de terceros
Nuestra Política de Privacidad sólo se refiere al uso y divulgación de la información que recopilamos de usted. En la medida en que usted revele su información a terceros a través de los Servicios (por ejemplo, haciendo clic en un enlace a cualquier otro sitio web o ubicación) o a través de otros sitios de Internet, pueden aplicarse diferentes reglas para el uso o divulgación de la información que usted les revele.
Usted reconoce que no somos responsables de los productos, servicios o descripciones de productos o servicios que usted reciba de sitios de terceros o del contenido o las prácticas de privacidad de dichos sitios, y que esta Política de Privacidad no se aplica a ninguno de dichos productos y servicios de terceros. Usted está asumiendo consciente y voluntariamente todos los riesgos de utilizar sitios de terceros para comprar productos y servicios. Usted acepta que no tendremos responsabilidad alguna con respecto a dichos sitios de terceros y al uso que usted haga de ellos.
7. Sus derechos de privacidad
Respetamos sus derechos de privacidad y, por lo tanto, puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros en cualquier momento y solicitarlo: (i) para acceder, borrar, cambiar o actualizar cualquier Información Personal relacionada con usted (por ejemplo, si cree que su Información Personal es incorrecta, puede solicitar que se corrija o elimine); o (ii) que dejaremos de usar su Información Personal (por ejemplo, puede solicitar que dejemos de usar o compartir su Información Personal con terceros) o que eliminemos su Información Personal (sujeto a cualquier otra obligación legal que nos exija conservar la información).
Si desea presentar una queja sobre cómo hemos tratado su información personal, póngase en contacto con nosotros directamente en:
support@tomorrow.io.
Si usted no está satisfecho con nuestra respuesta o cree que estamos recopilando o procesando su Información Personal no de acuerdo con las leyes, puede presentar una queja a la autoridad de protección de datos aplicable.
8. Durante cuánto tiempo conservamos la información
Tenga en cuenta que, a menos que nos indique lo contrario y en la medida en que lo permita la ley aplicable, conservaremos su información personal durante el período de tiempo apropiado para que podamos cumplir con los fines descritos en esta política o según sea necesario para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales, resolver disputas o hacer cumplir nuestros acuerdos, lo que sea más largo. Podemos eliminar información de nuestros sistemas, sin previo aviso, una vez que consideremos que ya no es necesaria para los fines expuestos anteriormente.
Podemos rectificar, reponer o eliminar información incompleta o inexacta, en cualquier momento y a nuestra propia discreción.
9. Cómo protegemos su información
Tomamos gran cuidado en la implementación y mantenimiento de la seguridad de los Servicios y de su información. Empleamos procedimientos y políticas estándar de la industria para garantizar la seguridad de su información y evitar el uso no autorizado de dicha información. Aunque tomamos medidas razonables para salvaguardar la información, no podemos ser responsables de los actos de aquellos que obtienen acceso no autorizado o abusan de los Servicios, y no damos ninguna garantía, expresa, implícita o de otro tipo, de que vamos a impedir dicho acceso.
Si usted siente que su privacidad no fue tratada de acuerdo con nuestra Política de Privacidad, o si alguna persona intentó abusar de los Servicios o actuó de manera inapropiada, por favor contáctenos directamente a:
support@tomorrow.io.
10. Transacción corporativa
Podemos compartir información, incluyendo Información Personal, en el caso de una transacción corporativa (por ejemplo, venta de una parte sustancial de nuestro negocio, fusión, consolidación o venta de activos de un activo o transferencia en la operación de este) de la Compañía. En el caso de lo anterior, la empresa adquirente o cesionaria asumirá los derechos y obligaciones descritos en esta Política de Privacidad.
11. Actualizaciones o enmiendas a la Política de Privacidad
Podemos revisar esta Política de Privacidad de vez en cuando, a nuestra entera discreción, y la versión más actualizada siempre se publicará en nuestro sitio web
(tomorrow.io/legal)
o en la Aplicación (como se refleja en el encabezado “Última revisión”). En caso de que se produzca un cambio importante en la Política de Privacidad, se lo notificaremos a través de los Servicios o por correo electrónico, o bien se le podrá notificar dentro de la Aplicación. Le recomendamos que revise esta Política de Privacidad con regularidad para ver si se han producido cambios.
Su uso continuado de los Servicios, después de la notificación de dichas modificaciones, constituye su reconocimiento de dichas modificaciones a la Política de Privacidad y su acuerdo de estar obligado por los términos de dichas modificaciones.
12. Transferencias Internacionales
Su información personal también puede ser transferida a países que no forman parte de la Unión Europea, como Israel y los EE.UU. para el almacenamiento y la gestión de nuestros servicios, incluso en nuestra sede central. Con el fin de garantizar un nivel adecuado de seguridad de sus datos personales en estos países, ofrecemos y mantenemos las siguientes garantías: transferencia a países sujetos a una decisión de adecuación de la CE, SCC, y/o certificación del escudo de privacidad. Usted consiente la transferencia de información personal a países fuera de la Unión Europea.
13. Comercialización
Podemos utilizar su información personal, como su nombre completo, dirección de correo electrónico, etc., nosotros mismos o a través de nuestros subcontratistas externos con el fin de proporcionarle materiales promocionales relacionados con los Servicios.
Por respeto a su derecho a la privacidad, le proporcionamos, dentro de dichos materiales de marketing, los medios para negarse a recibir más ofertas de marketing de nuestra parte. Además, en cualquier momento, usted puede solicitar la cancelación de su suscripción y dejar de recibir ofertas de marketing enviándonos un mensaje en blanco con la palabra “quitar” a
support@tomorrow.io.
También podríamos utilizar su información personal para personalizar los anuncios que se le muestren en nuestro sitio web. Puede optar por no participar o cambiar sus preferencias en el siguiente
link
.
Tenga en cuenta que incluso si se da de baja de nuestra lista de correo de marketing, podemos seguir enviándole actualizaciones y notificaciones relacionadas con el servicio.
14. Cómo contactarnos
Si tiene alguna pregunta general sobre los Servicios o la información que recopilamos sobre usted y cómo la utilizamos, contáctenos a
support@tomorrow.io
15. Información acerca de nosotros
Los siguientes son los detalles de la empresa:
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
Tomorrow.ioプライバシーポリシー
最終更新日：2019年7月30日
1. 導入
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. （以下、「当社」と呼ぶ) はユーザー（「以下、お客様」または「ユーザー」と呼ぶ）のプライバシーを尊重し、当社のモバイルアプリケーション（以下、「アプリケーション」と呼ぶ）、その他当社の提供するオンラインサービス（以下、総称して「サービス」と呼ぶ）へアクセス、ダウンロード、インストール、登録するユーザーのプライバシーの保護に努めます。本プライバシーポリシーでは、当社のサービスご利用の際のお客様の個人情報の収集、利用、開示についての概要を示します。
現状、当サービスは、欧州経済共同体にお住まいの16歳以下の方はご利用いただけません。該当のお客様は当サービスのご利用および当社への個人情報の提供をご遠慮ください。
当社は収集したお客様の個人情報へアクセスし内容を確認する権利を留保します。当社にて16歳以下のお客様の個人情報の提供が発覚した場合、その情報を破棄いたします。そのような状況にお気付きのお客様がいらっしゃいましたら、当社（
support@tomorrow.io
.
）までご連絡をお願いいたします。
本プライバシーポリシーをよくお読みになった上でサービスをご利用願います。サービスをご利用いただいた場合、本プライバシーポリシーの規定に同意したものとみなします。本プライバシーポリシーに同意できない場合は、当サービスの利用及び個人情報の提供はご遠慮ください。
本プライバシーポリシーは利用規約の一部を構成するものとします。
本プライバシーポリシーでは以下について触れます。
▪ 収集する情報の種類
▪ モバイル分析及びGoogleアナリティクス
▪ 情報の利用方法
▪ 情報の開示先とその目的
▪ 情報を保持する期間
▪ お客様のプライバシーに関する権利
▪ 情報保護の方法
▪ 国際的転送
▪ マーケティング
▪ お問い合わせ
2. 収集する情報の種類
お客様から収集するデータや情報には二種類あります。
一つ目は、お客様のサービス利用中に収集される、個人を特定できないような情報（非個人情報）です。それらの情報の提供元の個人を当社にて特定することはできません。収集される非個人情報には、端末の特定のソフトウェアやハードウェアに関する情報など（ご利用の端末の種類やブラウザ、OS情報、利用言語、当社のサービスを利用する前に閲覧していたウェブサイトのドメイン名やアクセスの時間など）、利用に関する情報やご利用の端末から得られる技術的な情報が含まれ、サービス向上のために利用されます。また、当サービス利用時のお客様の活動履歴（クリック、オンラインブラウジングなど）も収集することがあります。
二つ目は、個人を特定できるような情報（個人情報）です。個人情報には以下が含まれます。
アカウント情報:
サービスに登録する際、お客様の情報の入力が必要となります。アプリケーションを通じてサービスへ登録する場合、氏名、電話番号、メールアドレス、その他お客様に同意いただいた情報を収集いたします。
お客様より提供された情報:
お客様ご自身により当社に提供された情報も収集することがあります。例えば、当社とのやりとりにメールを使用した場合や、サービス利用中に追加の情報をお知らせ頂いた場合などです。また、お客様より当社へご連絡いただいた、フィードバック、クレーム、報告なども収集いたします。他のユーザーからお客様の個人情報を含むクレームが寄せられることがあることもご了承ください。
端末情報:
お客様の端末より個人情報を収集することがあります。そこには位置情報や、IPアドレス、固有識別子、その他、お客様のサービスの利用時の活動に関連した情報が含まれます。
非個人情報と個人情報の両方が含まれる情報を収集する場合、個人情報として取り扱われます。
3. モバイル分析及びGoogleアナリティクス
当社ではお客様のサービスへのアクセスや活動に関する特定の情報を集積、保存、追跡するために、複数のウェブ、モバイル分析など（ミックスパネル、ピクセルなど）の追跡技術を用いることあります。
また、お客様のサービス利用状況に関する情報収集のためにGoogleアナリティクスと呼ばれるツールを使用することがあります。Googleアナリティクスではユーザーのサービスへのアクセス頻度、閲覧するページなどの情報を収集します。これらの情報はサービス向上のみを目的として使用されます。Googleアナリティクスではお客様の氏名やその他の個人を特定するような情報に代わり、ウェブサイトを訪問した日に割り当てられたIPアドレスを収集します。当社ではGoogleアナリティクスで収集した情報と個人を特定できるような情報を結びつけることはしません。Googleアナリティクスで収集されたお客様の訪問履歴に関する情報のGoogleでの利用や共有ついては、
Google Analytics Terms of Service
及び
Google Privacy Policy
で規定されています。Googleアナリティクスのクッキーを無効にするにはこちらをクリックしてください。
4. 情報の利用方法
お客様の個人情報は本プライバシーポリシーに規定された通りに取り扱います。上記の目的以外に、以下の目的で利用することがあります。
お客様のアカウントのセットアップとサービスの提供のため
サービスで提供されるコンテンツをお客様が閲覧、共有できるため
サービスの特定の機能のお客様の利用を認証するため
天気の通知など、サービスで提供される通知をお送りするため
お客様とのやりとりや最新の情報のお知らせのため（テキストメッセージやメール、その他の方法による）
当社のウェブサイト、商品、サービスのマーケティングのため
お客様の興味を反映し、サービス向上に繋げるための調査や分析を行うため
サービスのサポートやトラブルシューティングの実施やお客様へのお問い合わせへの回答のため
お客様のサービス利用に関連した紛争の調査、解決のため
サービスの適正な運営に脅威を与える、または悪影響を及ぼす可能性のある詐欺行為や違法行為、その他の行為を発見、防止するため
法律や規則、その他政府の機関の要求に応じる、または召喚状、その他の法的プロセスへ準拠する、または政府の要求へ応じるよう違反を調査しポリシーの強化をするため
5. 情報の開示先とその目的
本プライバシーポリシーに記載されている理由以外で、お客様の個人情報を貸し出し、販売、共有しません。
当社は次の受取人に対して個人情報を共有することがあります。(i)当社の子会社、(ii) 関連会社、(iii) 提携会社、またその他のサービス提供会社（Drift、HubSpot、SupportYourAppなど） 、(iv) 当社の業務プロセスの監査役またはアドバイザー、(v) 当社の潜在的な買収者または投資者
本プライバシーポリシーに記載された目的以外に次の目的で情報を共有することがあります。(i) 当社の代理で個人情報を保管、処理を委任するため（クラウドコンピューティングサービスプロバイダーのGoogle Cloud (GCP)、 Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)など) 、(ii) それらの情報を当社の事業運営の支援のために処理を依頼するため、 (iii) 調査、技術診断、パーソナライゼーション、分析の依頼のため、(iv) 当社のマーケティングポリシーに即してプロモーション、告知に関するやりとりをするため（「マーケティング」の項目参照）
また、次の目的で合理的に必要と判断した場合には、サービスを通して提供された個人情報やその他の情報を開示することがあります。(i)適用法、規則、法的手続き、政府の要求への準拠、(ii)ポリシーへの潜在的な違反の調査などポリシーの強化のため、（iii）違法行為、その他不正行為、詐欺の疑い、セキュリティに関する問題の調査、発見、防止、対応のため、(iv)法的要求への防御のために当社の権利を行使するため、(v)当社、当社の子会社、ユーザー、お客様やその他の第三者の権利、財産、安全を守るため、(vi)法執行機関への協力のため、(vii)知的財産権、その他法的権利の強化のために必要と当社が判断した場合。
6. 第三者による情報の収集
本プライバシーポリシーは当社がお客様より収集する情報の利用、開示のみを規定します。サービスの利用を通じてお客様が第三者へ情報を開示する場合（他のウェブサイトやURLのリンクをクリックするなど）、またインターネットを利用してその他のサイトを通じて情報を開示する場合、訪問先の別の規定が適用されます。
お客様が第三者のウェブサイトから受ける商品、サービス、またその説明、またそれらのウェブサイトのコンテンツやプライバシーに関する活動に関して当社は一切責任を負いません。また、本プライバシーポリシーはそれらの商品やサービスには適用されません。それらの第三者のウェブサイトを利用し商品やサービスを受けることによる全てのリスクを理解した上でお客様自身が自ら利用したものです。それらのウェブサイトの利用に関連したいかなる損失に関しても当社は一切責任を負いません。
7. お客様のプライバシーに関する権利
当社はお客様のプライバシーを尊重しています。そのため、お客様はいつでも当社へ連絡し、以下を要求する権利を有します。(i) お客様に関連する個人情報へアクセスし、それらを削除、修正、更新する（例えば、お客様の個人情報に誤りがある場合、それらの修正または削除を要求できます）、(ii)お客様の個人情報の利用の停止の要求する（例えば、第三者へのお客様の個人情報の共有の中止を要求できます）、または個人情報の削除を要求する（ただし、当社での情報の保持を義務付ける法的義務が適用されます）。
当社の個人情報の取り扱いに関して、異議がございましたら、当社
support@tomorrow.io
へ直接ご連絡ください。
当社の返答へご満足いただけない場合や当社の個人情報の取り扱いが法律に即していないと感じた場合は、データ保護管轄当局へお問い合わせください。
8. 情報を保持する期間
適用法で認められている範囲内でのお客様からの特別な指示がない場合、当社では、本ポリシーに記載した目的を達成するために必要な適切な期間、または法的義務を果たす、または契約の権利を行使または紛争を解決するのに必要な期間のいずれか長い方の期間、お客様の個人情報を保存します。上記の目的を達成し、当社が必要ないと判断した時点でお客様への通知なしに情報をシステムから削除することがあります。
当社の独断でいつでも不完全または不正確な情報を修正、補充または削除することがあります。
9. 情報保護の方法
当社ではサービスとお客様の情報の安全性の保持に努めています。お客様の情報の安全性を保証し、不正な利用を防ぐために業界標準のプロセスとポリシーを採用しています。情報の保護に合理的な手順を踏んでいますが、不正なアクセス、サービスの悪用への責任を負い兼ねます。明示、黙字を問わず、これらのアクセスの防止を保証するものではありません。
お客様のプライバシーが本プライバシーポリシーに従って取り扱われていないと感じた場合、またはサービスの悪用、不適切な利用を試みている人を発見したら当社
support@tomorrow.io
へお問い合わせください。
10. 企業間取引
会社の企業取引（例：事業の大部分の売却、合併、統合、資産の資産売却、または事業運営中の譲渡）が発生した場合、個人情報を含む情報を共有する場合があります。上記の場合、取得会社または譲受人は、このプライバシーポリシーに記載されている権利と義務を引き継ぎます。
11. プライバシーポリシーの更新または修正
このプライバシーポリシーは、独自の裁量により随時改訂される場合があり、最新のバージョンは常に当社のウェブサイト（tomorrow.io/legal）またはアプリケーション（「最新の改訂」欄にて反映）に掲載されます。プライバシーポリシーに重大な変更があった場合、サービスまたはメールで通知するか、アプリケーション内で通知される場合があります。変更の確認のために、このプライバシーポリシーを定期的に確認することをお勧めします。
かかる修正の通知後のお客様による本サービスの継続的な使用は、プライバシーポリシーの修正の承認、および条件に拘束されることに同意したことを意味します。
12. 国際的転送
お客様の個人情報は、本社を含む当社のサービスの保管および管理のために、欧州連合に属さない国、すなわちイスラエルおよび米国に転送される場合があります。これらの国でお客様の個人データの適切なレベルのセキュリティを確保するために、EC十分性認定、SCC、プライバシーシールド認証を受ける国への転送を保証、提供します。これにより、お客様は欧州連合以外の国への個人情報の転送に同意するものとします。
13. マーケティング
お客様の氏名、メールアドレスなどの個人情報は、当社自身で使用するか、サービスに関するプロモーション資料を提供する目的でサードパーティの下請け業者に共有される場合があります。
プライバシーに対するあなたの権利を尊重し、当社はそのようなマーケティング資料内で、当社からのさらなるマーケティングオファーの受け取りを拒否する手段を提供します。さらに、remove@tomorrow.ioに「remove」という単語を含む空白のメッセージを送信することにより、いつでもマーケティングオファーの購読を中止するように要求できます。
また、当社のウェブサイトに表示される広告をパーソナライズするために個人情報を使用する場合があります。
ここでそ
のような使用をオプトアウトまたは設定できます。
マーケティングメーリングリストの登録を解除した場合でも、サービス関連の更新と通知を引き続き送信する場合があります。
14. お問い合わせ方法
サービスに関する一般的な質問がある場合、または弊社が収集するお客様の情報とその使用方法については、support@tomorrow.ioまでお問い合わせください。
15. 当社についての情報
弊社の所在地は以下の通りです。
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.tomorrow.io/legal/website-cookie-policy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
Tomorrow.io uses cookies to personalize content/ads, analyze traffic, and share data with our partners. Learn more and adjust anytime via our
Privacy Policy
.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
CrazyEgg
1
Learn more about this provider
_ce.cch
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Matomo
1
Learn more about this provider
mtm_consent_removed
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Piano Software
3
Learn more about this provider
_cookie_test [x3]
This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies.
Stripe
3
Learn more about this provider
m
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
__stripe_mid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
__stripe_sid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
apps.entail.ai
t.entail-insights.com
widgets.entail.ai
3
INGRESSCOOKIE [x3]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
axios.com
blog.postman.com
economist.com
fs.hubspotusercontent00.net
hsadspixel.net
hs-banner.com
t.co
tomorrow.io
www.earlywarningnetwork.com.au
17
__cf_bm [x17]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
blogs.nvidia.com
2
AWSALB
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBCORS
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
cdn.ampproject.org
1
ak_bmsc
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
cdn.cookielaw.org
2
OptanonConsent
Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry.
usprivacy
Detects whether the user has checked the Do Not Sell My Personal Information-button on the website. This feature is a part of the CCPA.
economist.com
hsforms.com
www.earlywarningnetwork.com.au
zoominfo.com
5
_cfuvid [x5]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
influ2.com
1
R
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
m.stripe.com
3
Learn more about this provider
_ab
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
_mf
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
id
Pending
s.go-mpulse.net
1
RT
This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example.
ws.zoominfo.com
1
visitorId
Preserves users states across page requests.
www.tomorrow.io
1
elementor
Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Bizzabo.com
1
Learn more about this provider
bz-cookie
Pending
m.stripe.com
1
Learn more about this provider
1
This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.
www.tomorrow.io
1
wistia-video-progress-#
Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
CrazyEgg
4
Learn more about this provider
_ce.clock_data
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_ce.s
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
cebs
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
cebsp_
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Matomo
3
Learn more about this provider
_pk_id#
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_pk_ref#
Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to identify the referring website from which the visitor has come.
_pk_ses#
Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to track page requests from the visitor during the session.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
VWO
10
Learn more about this provider
_vis_opt_s
Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment.
_vis_opt_test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
_vwo_ds
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content.
_vwo_referrer
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
_vwo_sn
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_vwo_uuid
Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment.
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
v.gif
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
vwo_apm_sent
Pending
vwoSn
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
cdn.ampproject.org
5
browser_id
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
user_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
sentryReplaySession
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
ce_fvd
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
cetabid
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
ws.zoominfo.com
2
ziwsSession
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
ziwsSessionId
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
www.datadoghq-browser-agent.com
2
_dd_s
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
dd_cookie_test_#
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
www.tomorrow.io
3
mapbox.eventData.uuid:#
Pending
mapbox.eventData:#
Pending
wistia
Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Hubspot
1
Learn more about this provider
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Spotify
2
Learn more about this provider
sp_landing
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
sp_t
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
Twitter Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
VWO
1
Learn more about this provider
s.gif
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
YouTube
21
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
cdn.ampproject.org
3
_boomr_akamaiXhrRetry
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
i/jot/embeds
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
edge.fullstory.com
1
_fs_tab_id
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
tribl.io
1
ti_
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
www.tomorrow.io
6
gclid
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
utm_campaign
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_content
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
utm_medium
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_source
Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing.
utm_term
Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing.
Unclassified
17
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
cdn.ampproject.org
2
amp-store:https://#.#
Pending
mtClientConfig_cachedSource_xp_amp_podcasts_paf
Pending
cdn.entail-insights.com
3
en-insights-id
Pending
en-insights-lp
Pending
en-insights-sid
Pending
cdn.entail-insights.com
www.tomorrow.io
6
en_did [x2]
Pending
en_lp [x2]
Pending
en_sid [x2]
Pending
tfca.earth
1
_next/image
Pending
www.tomorrow.io
5
#-evergreen_due_date
Pending
#-evergreen_interval
Pending
cpiper:closed
Pending
en_locale
Pending
industryId
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/24/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our
Privacy Policy
.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Allow all
Customize
Allow selection
Deny
Tomorrow.io Just Launched Its 7th and 8th Satellites, Transforming How the World Prepares for Weather. Learn More
X
Skip to content
Legal
Platform
Terms of Service
Tomorrow.io Product Privacy Policy
Mobile App
App End User License Agreement
App Privacy Policy
Amazon Alexa Terms of Use
Website
Website Terms of Use
Website Privacy Policy
Website Cookie Policy
Compliance
Changelog
Tomorrow.io Website Cookie Policy
Last modified: March 30th 2021
Welcome to www.tomorrow.io (the “Website”). The Website is owned and operated by Tomorrow.io Inc. (the “Company”, “we”, “our”).
The Website uses various types of cookies which help us administer and operate the Website. This cookie policy applies to visitors of our Website who are not registered users of Tomorrow.io products.
What are cookies
Cookies are small text files sent by a web server to your web browser when you access a website. Different types of cookies are used for different purposes, such as to:
Collect statistical information about your use of a website,
Save you the need to re-enter your login information on a website,
Remember your actions and preferences on the website over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site, and
Collect behavioral information about your surfing on other websites which then helps advertisers deliver ads that are more relevant to you.
Cookies are classified into two major categories: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporarily stored on your computer while you are visiting a given website. They are deleted once you leave the website. Persistent cookies, on the other hand, remain on your computer for a more extended period of time specified in the cookie file, after your leave the website. This type of cookie remains available for retrieval by the web server when you return to visit the website.
Cookies are further classified into “first party cookies” and “third party cookies”. First party cookies are those sent to your browser by the server of the very website you are visiting. Third party cookies are those sent to your browser by servers other than of the website you are visiting (e.g., the server of an advertising network to which the website you are visiting is subscribed).
How we use cookies
We use first party cookies for Website analytics purposes, such as collecting information pertaining to your activities on our Website, including your session durations, the Website content you accessed and your interactions and user-interface clicks with respect to such content, the Internet protocol (IP) address of the device from which you accessed our websites, the browser you used, its version and language (i.e. locale) preferences, and the approximate city from which you accessed the Website.
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to report usage statistics of the Website. To view a list of third-party cookies that we use, please view our Cookies Table. [insert link]
Analytics
We may use third-party web analytics services (such as those of Google Analytics, Hubspot, and LinkedIn) on our Website to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar tools; engage in auditing, research, or reporting; assist with fraud prevention; and provide certain features to you. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking
here
.
If you receive email from us,
we may use certain analytics tools, such as clear GIFs to capture data such as when you open our message or click on any links or banners our email contains. This data allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns.
How to control cookies
If you wish to block cookies, you may do so through your browser’s settings. You can delete cookies that are already on your computer and you can set your browser to prevent them from being placed thereafter. Please refer to the browser’s help menu for further information. Some of the third party cookies services listed here, such as Hubspot, among others, provide an option of opting-out of their cookies. Please also bear in mind that disabling cookies may adversely affect your user experience on the Website.
For information about opting-out of Google Analytics cookies,
click here
.
For information about data we collect and the ways we use this data please refer to
tomorrow.io/website-privacy-policy
Contact us
If you have any questions about our cookie policy, you may contact us by sending an email to
support@tomorrow.io
or at our head office address: The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
See Tomorrow.io in Action
Reserve Your Customized Demo Time Now
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
First Name
(Required)
Last Name
(Required)
Email
(Required)
Company
(Required)
Number of Employees
(Required)
Number of Employees*
1-10
11-50
51-200
201-500
501-1,000
1,001-5,000
5,001-10,000
10,001+
Industry
(Required)
Select Industry*
Aerospace & Defense
Agriculture
Automotive
Airline
Airport
Business Services
State & Local Government
Construction
UAS/Drones
Education
Energy + Utilities
ESG
Finance & Financial Services
Food/Beverage
Federal Government
Healthcare
Hospitality
Insurance
Intermodal
Logistics / Transportation
Maritime & Port Operations
Media & Internet
Manufacturing
Metals & Mining
On-Demand Technology
Outdoor & Sports
Railroads
Retail
Telecommunications
Trucking
Warehouses
Other
TOS
(Required)
I agree to Tomorrow.io's
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
Notifications
Sub-policy 1
https://www.tomorrow.io/legal/product-privacy-policy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
Tomorrow.io uses cookies to personalize content/ads, analyze traffic, and share data with our partners. Learn more and adjust anytime via our
Privacy Policy
.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
CrazyEgg
1
Learn more about this provider
_ce.cch
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Matomo
1
Learn more about this provider
mtm_consent_removed
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Piano Software
3
Learn more about this provider
_cookie_test [x3]
This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies.
Stripe
3
Learn more about this provider
m
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
__stripe_mid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
__stripe_sid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
apps.entail.ai
t.entail-insights.com
widgets.entail.ai
3
INGRESSCOOKIE [x3]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
axios.com
blog.postman.com
economist.com
fs.hubspotusercontent00.net
hsadspixel.net
hs-banner.com
t.co
tomorrow.io
www.earlywarningnetwork.com.au
17
__cf_bm [x17]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
blogs.nvidia.com
2
AWSALB
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBCORS
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
cdn.ampproject.org
1
ak_bmsc
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
cdn.cookielaw.org
2
OptanonConsent
Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry.
usprivacy
Detects whether the user has checked the Do Not Sell My Personal Information-button on the website. This feature is a part of the CCPA.
economist.com
hsforms.com
www.earlywarningnetwork.com.au
zoominfo.com
5
_cfuvid [x5]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
influ2.com
1
R
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
m.stripe.com
3
Learn more about this provider
_ab
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
_mf
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
id
Pending
s.go-mpulse.net
1
RT
This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example.
ws.zoominfo.com
1
visitorId
Preserves users states across page requests.
www.tomorrow.io
1
elementor
Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Bizzabo.com
1
Learn more about this provider
bz-cookie
Pending
m.stripe.com
1
Learn more about this provider
1
This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.
www.tomorrow.io
1
wistia-video-progress-#
Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
CrazyEgg
4
Learn more about this provider
_ce.clock_data
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_ce.s
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
cebs
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
cebsp_
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Matomo
3
Learn more about this provider
_pk_id#
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_pk_ref#
Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to identify the referring website from which the visitor has come.
_pk_ses#
Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to track page requests from the visitor during the session.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
VWO
10
Learn more about this provider
_vis_opt_s
Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment.
_vis_opt_test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
_vwo_ds
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content.
_vwo_referrer
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
_vwo_sn
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_vwo_uuid
Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment.
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
v.gif
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
vwo_apm_sent
Pending
vwoSn
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
cdn.ampproject.org
5
browser_id
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
user_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
sentryReplaySession
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
ce_fvd
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
cetabid
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
ws.zoominfo.com
2
ziwsSession
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
ziwsSessionId
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
www.datadoghq-browser-agent.com
2
_dd_s
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
dd_cookie_test_#
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
www.tomorrow.io
3
mapbox.eventData.uuid:#
Pending
mapbox.eventData:#
Pending
wistia
Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Hubspot
1
Learn more about this provider
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Spotify
2
Learn more about this provider
sp_landing
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
sp_t
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
Twitter Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
VWO
1
Learn more about this provider
s.gif
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
YouTube
21
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
cdn.ampproject.org
3
_boomr_akamaiXhrRetry
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
i/jot/embeds
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
edge.fullstory.com
1
_fs_tab_id
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
tribl.io
1
ti_
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
www.tomorrow.io
6
gclid
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
utm_campaign
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_content
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
utm_medium
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_source
Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing.
utm_term
Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing.
Unclassified
17
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
cdn.ampproject.org
2
amp-store:https://#.#
Pending
mtClientConfig_cachedSource_xp_amp_podcasts_paf
Pending
cdn.entail-insights.com
3
en-insights-id
Pending
en-insights-lp
Pending
en-insights-sid
Pending
cdn.entail-insights.com
www.tomorrow.io
6
en_did [x2]
Pending
en_lp [x2]
Pending
en_sid [x2]
Pending
tfca.earth
1
_next/image
Pending
www.tomorrow.io
5
#-evergreen_due_date
Pending
#-evergreen_interval
Pending
cpiper:closed
Pending
en_locale
Pending
industryId
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/24/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our
Privacy Policy
.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Allow all
Customize
Allow selection
Deny
Tomorrow.io Just Launched Its 7th and 8th Satellites, Transforming How the World Prepares for Weather. Learn More
X
Skip to content
Legal
Platform
Terms of Service
Tomorrow.io Product Privacy Policy
Mobile App
App End User License Agreement
App Privacy Policy
Amazon Alexa Terms of Use
Website
Website Terms of Use
Website Privacy Policy
Website Cookie Policy
Compliance
Changelog
Tomorrow.io Product Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 17, 2024
Welcome to “Tomorrow.io”, an online weather forecasting platform that provides advanced weather tools for generating high-definition weather maps for its users (“you” and “your”) through Microweather API and/or Weather Intelligence Platform™ (the “Platform”) and our mobile application (the “App”) (collectively: the “Service”).
The Service is owned and operated by Tomorrow.io Inc. (the “Company”, “we”, “us” and “our”), and is available through our website tomorrow.io (the “Website”).
This privacy policy (the “Policy”) describes our privacy practices with respect to the Service, including the ways your personal information and data is collected, stored, used and shared. Providing us your information is optional and voluntary on your part – you are not legally obligated to provide us information. We do, however, require it in order to allow you to use certain features of our Service.
This Policy is incorporated by reference to the Terms of Service (the “Terms”) as agreed upon and signed between Tomorrow.io and your organization, and constitutes an integral part of them.
Information we collect
Registration. When you first subscribe for the Service you will be asked to provide information, such as your company name, full name, mobile phone number, job position, and business address (“User Profile”). Additionally, to use the Service, you will need to provide your email address and set a password used as login to access your account on the Service.
Use. We may also collect information about your geolocation and any information you provide us in order for us to create, update, and analyze weather maps we create for you.
Analytics and device information. When you access or use the Platform, whether as a registered user or not, we, through the use of third party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, automatically collect information about your use of the Platform. This information includes your session durations, the content you accessed on the Platform, your interactions and user-interface clicks with respect to such content, referring URLs, the frequency and scope of your use of the Platform, the Internet protocol (IP) address of the device from which you accessed the Service, unique identifiers, the browser you use, its version and language (i.e. locale) preferences, and the general geographic area from which you accessed the Platform.
Inquiries. When you submit a customer-service request to us or a request for a demonstration, we may ask you to provide additional personal information depending on the nature of the request.
Surveys and Feedback. We may collect information from you when you participate in surveys, feedback forms, or questionnaires on the Website or via other communication channels. This data may include your opinions, preferences, suggestions, and experiences related to our products, services, or overall customer experience. We use this information to improve our offerings and better serve you. Your participation in surveys or feedback requests is voluntary, and you are free to provide as much or as little information as you choose.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information about children who are under 16 years of age.
The Service is not designated to individuals under the age of 16. If you are under 16 years old, you should not use the Service or provide any personal information to us.
We reserve the right to access and verify any personal information collected from you by us. In the event that we become aware that an individual under the age of 16 has shared any information, we will discard such information. If you have any reason to believe that a minor has shared any information with us, it will be advisable to contact us at:
support@tomorrow.io
.
Using collected information
We use the information we collect, as outlined above for the following purposes:
Operating, the Platform and the Service, and providing you with its features (mainly to create and analyze weather maps);
Sending you Service-related alerts via text messages and/or email massages;
Improving and customizing the Service and developing new services;
Contacting you about new features, services, products and other Service-related updates and announcements;
Providing you with support, handling complaints and contact you when we believe it to be necessary;
Collecting statistical and aggregated information about users of the Service and their use of the Service;
Enforcing the Terms and this Policy and preventing misuse of the Service;
Complying with any applicable law and assisting law enforcement agencies and competent authorities, if we believe it is necessary or justified; and
Taking any action in any case of a dispute or abuse report involving you, with respect or in relation to the Service
Sharing collected information
Other than as described below, we will not knowingly or intentionally share your personal information, including email address or other identifier, with third parties.
We may share the information about you, in whole or in part, with others in any of the following instances:
We may share the information we collect about you with service providers, suppliers, third party vendors (e.g., Twilio, MailGun, Salesforce, Salesloft, Intercom, Drift), in order to operate, maintain and enhance the Service; we may also share the information we collect about you with cloud computing service providers (e.g., Google Cloud (GCP) and Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)) in order to store or process information on our behalf.
We may use aggregated or statistical information for the purpose of examining usage patterns and system performance.
If you have breached the Terms, abused your rights to use the Service, or violated any applicable law. Your information may be shared with competent authorities and with any third party, if we believe it is necessary or justified;
In any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind involving you with respect to the Service;
If the operation of the Service is organized within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition), provided that those entities agree to be bound by the provisions of this Policy, with reasonably necessary changes taken into consideration;
We may share personally identifiable information with our corporate group entities, but their use of such information must comply with the Policy.
In any case other than the above, your personal information will only be shared with others if you provide your explicit prior consent.
Accessing, updating or deleting your personal information and obtaining a copy of it
You may ask to access the personal information about you that is stored in our systems, or have us update, correct or delete such information. Depending on applicable law, you may also be entitled to obtain from us the personal data you provided us (excluding data we obtained from other sources) in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and have the right to transmit those data to another company. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact us at:
support@tomorrow.io
.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are collecting or processing your personal information not in accordance with the applicable laws, you can complain to the applicable data protection authority.
Retaining and deleting collected information
We may store and retain all information you provide us, including your User Profile information, but are not obligated to do so. We encourage you to access, review, correct and update your profile regularly.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we will retain personal information about you for the period of time appropriate for us to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements, whichever is longer. We may delete information from our systems, without notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for the purposes set forth above.
If you wish to delete your profile on the Platform along with all information related thereto please contact us at:
support@tomorrow.io
. In order to process your request, we may require additional information or corroborative documents from you, to verify your account and confirm your identity.
Once we complete processing your request, we will delete your information from our systems (unless we require the data to establish, exercise or defend against legal claims). However, be advised that following such deletion, some information, though not accessible in the ordinary course of business, may still be retrievable from back-up copies or may still residually reside in our systems.
Aggregated information
We may use the information we collect from you to create de-identified, statistical or aggregated information. We may use and share, publish, post, disseminate, transmit or otherwise communicate or make available such deidentified, statistical or aggregated information with other third party, in our sole discretion, provided however, that we will not knowingly, or intentionally share information that can be reasonably used to reveal your identity without your explicit consent.
Cookies
We and our third party website analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies or methods of web and mobile analysis (e.g., Mixpanel, LocalStorage, TrackJS, Pixels) on the Service. “Cookies” are packets of information sent by our servers to your web browser and then sent back by the browser each time it accesses our servers. The cookies may contain a variety of information, such as the web pages you have accessed, session durations and IP addresses. Cookies are used for various purposes, such as to collect statistical information about your use of the Service and save you the need to re-login with your username and password when you use the Service.
Cookies are saved on your computer’s hard drive. If you wish to block cookies, you may do so through your browser’s settings. Please refer to the browser’s help menu for further information. HOWEVER, BEAR IN MIND THAT DISABLING COOKIES MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT YOUR USER EXPERIENCE ON THE SERVICE.
For more information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please refer to our
Cookies Policy
.
We may also use a tool called Google Analytics to collect information about your use of the Service. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users access the Service, what pages they visit when they do so, etc. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Service. Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit sites, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the
Google Analytics Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
.
Transfer of data outside your territory
We may store and process information in the United States. We may also process information using cloud services, using servers located in other countries. The laws in those other countries may provide a lesser degree of data protection than the laws of your own country. You agree to the transfer of your information to such other countries for the purpose of processing as described in this Policy, including through cloud services.
California Residents
The following disclosure is made pursuant to California Online Privacy Act (CA Civil Code § 22575): When you use our Service and Alexa Skill, other parties, such as Google, may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services.
Information Security
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure your personal information, it is not guaranteed and you cannot expect that the Service will be immune from information security risks.
If you believe that your privacy was not treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy, or if any person attempted to abuse our Service or acted in an inappropriate manner, it will be advisable to contact us directly at:
support@tomorrow.io
.
Third-party collection of information
Our Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties via the Service (e.g. by clicking on a link to any other website or location) or via other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them.
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the products, services, or descriptions of products or services that you receive from third-party sites or to the content or privacy practices of those sites, and that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any such third-party products and services. You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using third-party sites to purchase products and services. You agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third-party sites and your usage of them.
Surveys and Feedback
We may collect information from you when you participate in surveys, feedback forms, or questionnaires on the Website or via other communication channels. This data may include your opinions, preferences, suggestions, and experiences related to our products, services, or overall customer experience. We use this information to improve our offerings and better serve you. Your participation in surveys or feedback requests is voluntary, and you are free to provide as much or as little information as you choose.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time. Substantial changes will take effect 30 days after we give you notice of such changes through the Service or by other means. Other changes will take effect 7 days after we give you notice of such changes. However, if the Policy is amended to comply with legal requirements, the amendments will become effective immediately upon their initial posting, or as required. The most up-to-date Policy will always be accessible through our Website and App.
In any event, we will seek your explicit consent if we wish to have substantial changes to the Policy apply to personal information we collected prior to those changes.
Your explicit consent to the amended Policy, or continued use of the Service after the changes take effect, each indicates your acceptance of the amended Policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Policy, you may contact us by sending an email to
support@tomorrow.io
or use our postal address provided below.
Information about us
The details of the Company are as follows: The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Ave. RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
See Tomorrow.io in Action
Reserve Your Customized Demo Time Now
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
First Name
(Required)
Last Name
(Required)
Email
(Required)
Company
(Required)
Number of Employees
(Required)
Number of Employees*
1-10
11-50
51-200
201-500
501-1,000
1,001-5,000
5,001-10,000
10,001+
Industry
(Required)
Select Industry*
Aerospace & Defense
Agriculture
Automotive
Airline
Airport
Business Services
State & Local Government
Construction
UAS/Drones
Education
Energy + Utilities
ESG
Finance & Financial Services
Food/Beverage
Federal Government
Healthcare
Hospitality
Insurance
Intermodal
Logistics / Transportation
Maritime & Port Operations
Media & Internet
Manufacturing
Metals & Mining
On-Demand Technology
Outdoor & Sports
Railroads
Retail
Telecommunications
Trucking
Warehouses
Other
TOS
(Required)
I agree to Tomorrow.io's
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
Notifications
Sub-policy 2
https://www.tomorrow.io/legal/website-privacy-policy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
Tomorrow.io uses cookies to personalize content/ads, analyze traffic, and share data with our partners. Learn more and adjust anytime via our
Privacy Policy
.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
CrazyEgg
1
Learn more about this provider
_ce.cch
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Matomo
1
Learn more about this provider
mtm_consent_removed
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Piano Software
3
Learn more about this provider
_cookie_test [x3]
This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies.
Stripe
3
Learn more about this provider
m
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
__stripe_mid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
__stripe_sid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
apps.entail.ai
t.entail-insights.com
widgets.entail.ai
3
INGRESSCOOKIE [x3]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
axios.com
blog.postman.com
economist.com
fs.hubspotusercontent00.net
hsadspixel.net
hs-banner.com
t.co
tomorrow.io
www.earlywarningnetwork.com.au
17
__cf_bm [x17]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
blogs.nvidia.com
2
AWSALB
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBCORS
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
cdn.ampproject.org
1
ak_bmsc
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
cdn.cookielaw.org
2
OptanonConsent
Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry.
usprivacy
Detects whether the user has checked the Do Not Sell My Personal Information-button on the website. This feature is a part of the CCPA.
economist.com
hsforms.com
www.earlywarningnetwork.com.au
zoominfo.com
5
_cfuvid [x5]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
influ2.com
1
R
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
m.stripe.com
3
Learn more about this provider
_ab
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
_mf
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
id
Pending
s.go-mpulse.net
1
RT
This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example.
ws.zoominfo.com
1
visitorId
Preserves users states across page requests.
www.tomorrow.io
1
elementor
Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Bizzabo.com
1
Learn more about this provider
bz-cookie
Pending
m.stripe.com
1
Learn more about this provider
1
This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.
www.tomorrow.io
1
wistia-video-progress-#
Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
CrazyEgg
4
Learn more about this provider
_ce.clock_data
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_ce.s
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
cebs
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
cebsp_
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Matomo
3
Learn more about this provider
_pk_id#
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_pk_ref#
Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to identify the referring website from which the visitor has come.
_pk_ses#
Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to track page requests from the visitor during the session.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
VWO
10
Learn more about this provider
_vis_opt_s
Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment.
_vis_opt_test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
_vwo_ds
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content.
_vwo_referrer
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
_vwo_sn
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_vwo_uuid
Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment.
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
v.gif
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
vwo_apm_sent
Pending
vwoSn
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
cdn.ampproject.org
5
browser_id
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
user_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
sentryReplaySession
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
ce_fvd
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
cetabid
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
ws.zoominfo.com
2
ziwsSession
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
ziwsSessionId
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
www.datadoghq-browser-agent.com
2
_dd_s
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
dd_cookie_test_#
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
www.tomorrow.io
3
mapbox.eventData.uuid:#
Pending
mapbox.eventData:#
Pending
wistia
Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Hubspot
1
Learn more about this provider
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Spotify
2
Learn more about this provider
sp_landing
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
sp_t
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
Twitter Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
VWO
1
Learn more about this provider
s.gif
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
YouTube
21
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
cdn.ampproject.org
3
_boomr_akamaiXhrRetry
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
i/jot/embeds
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
edge.fullstory.com
1
_fs_tab_id
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
tribl.io
1
ti_
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
www.tomorrow.io
6
gclid
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
utm_campaign
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_content
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
utm_medium
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_source
Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing.
utm_term
Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing.
Unclassified
17
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
cdn.ampproject.org
2
amp-store:https://#.#
Pending
mtClientConfig_cachedSource_xp_amp_podcasts_paf
Pending
cdn.entail-insights.com
3
en-insights-id
Pending
en-insights-lp
Pending
en-insights-sid
Pending
cdn.entail-insights.com
www.tomorrow.io
6
en_did [x2]
Pending
en_lp [x2]
Pending
en_sid [x2]
Pending
tfca.earth
1
_next/image
Pending
www.tomorrow.io
5
#-evergreen_due_date
Pending
#-evergreen_interval
Pending
cpiper:closed
Pending
en_locale
Pending
industryId
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/24/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our
Privacy Policy
.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Allow all
Customize
Allow selection
Deny
Tomorrow.io Just Launched Its 7th and 8th Satellites, Transforming How the World Prepares for Weather. Learn More
X
Skip to content
Legal
Platform
Terms of Service
Tomorrow.io Product Privacy Policy
Mobile App
App End User License Agreement
App Privacy Policy
Amazon Alexa Terms of Use
Website
Website Terms of Use
Website Privacy Policy
Website Cookie Policy
Compliance
Changelog
Tomorrow.io Website Privacy Policy
Last modified: December 17, 2024
The Tomorrow Companies Inc. (the “Company”, “we” and “our”) respects your privacy. This policy explains our privacy practices for this website (the “Website”). It describes the ways your personal information is collected and used.
This policy does not govern the privacy practices related to our products and services other than the Website itself.
If you reside or are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) Company is the data controller of all personal information collected via the Website, as set out in this policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Device and analytical data. We collect basic information about the personal computer or mobile device you use to access the Website, including its model, its operating system, unique device identifiers, browser type, mobile network information, the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the Website and the approximate city from which you accessed the Website. We also collect analytical data about your use of the Website. For example, we collect the pages and items on the Website that you viewed or interacted with, clicks, access time, etc.
Inquiries. If you contact us for questions or inquiries, or submit an inquiry using our “Request a Demo” form, we will collect the information related to your inquiry. This may include your full name, job title, email address, phone number, work address and other contact information, depending on the nature of your inquiry.
Surveys and Feedback. We may collect information from you when you participate in surveys, feedback forms, or questionnaires on the Website or via other communication channels. This data may include your opinions, preferences, suggestions, and experiences related to our products, services, or overall customer experience. We use this information to improve our offerings and better serve you. Your participation in surveys or feedback requests is voluntary, and you are free to provide as much or as little information as you choose.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information regarding children who are under 16 years of age.
We reserve the right to access and verify any personal information collected from you by us. In the event that we become aware that an individual under the age of 16 has shared any personal information, we will discard such information. If you have any reason to believe that a minor has shared any information with us, it will be advisable to contact us at:
support@tomorrow.io
.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
We may use the information outlined above for the following purposes:
To facilitate the access to and use of the Website, and to manage the operational and administrative aspects of the Website;
If you provided your contact details or submitted an inquiry, we may use your personal information to contact you, either directly or through others on our behalf, including by e-mail messages;
To improve and enhance the content offered on the Website;
To enforce this policy, and prevent misuse of the Website and our services;
To comply with any applicable law and assist law enforcement agencies and authorities, if we believe it is necessary or justified; and
Take any action in any case of dispute involving you with respect to the Website
SHARING COLLECTED INFORMATION
We may share personal information outlined in this policy, with others, in any of the following instances:
With our service providers (e.g., Drift) – in order to operate, maintain and enhance the Website, facilitate our email communications with you and perform research, technical diagnostics, personalization and analytics; we may also share the information we collect about you with cloud computing service providers (e.g., Google Cloud (GCP) and Amazon Cloud Services (AWS)) in order to store or process information on our behalf;
If you abused your rights to use the Website, or violated any applicable law – your information may be shared with authorities or other third parties, if we believe it is necessary or justified;
With attorneys, courts and relevant third parties, in any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind involving you with respect to the Website;
If the operation of the Website is organized within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition), provided that those entities agree to be bound by the provisions of this policy, with reasonably necessary changes taken into consideration; and
We may share personal information with our corporate group entities (companies that we control, control us, or are under common control with us – whether directly or indirectly), but their use of such information must comply with the policy.
Communicating promotional and informational materials, in accordance with our marketing policy (see below under “Marketing”).
In any case other than above, your personal information will be shared with others only if you provide your explicit prior consent.
ACCESSING, UPDATING OR DELETING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OBTAINING A COPY OF IT
If you would like information in relation to your rights or would like to exercise any of them, you may contact us via support@tomorrow.io or our postal address provided below.
If you reside or are located in the EEA, you may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Opt-out
. Stop sending you direct marketing communications. You may continue to receive services-related and other non-marketing emails.
Access
. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct
. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete
. Delete your personal information.
Transfer
. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict
. Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object
. (i) Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights, and (ii) object to processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us at support@tomorrow.io or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
AGGREGATED INFORMATION
We may use the information we collect, as outlined above, to compile anonymized or aggregated information, either by ourselves or with the assistance of third parties such as Google Analytics. We may share, sell or otherwise communicate and make available such anonymized or aggregated information to any other third party, at our sole discretion.
THIRD PARTIES AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES
When you use our Website, other parties, such as Google, may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites.
Website users can link to other websites of third-parties that provide useful information/services. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to this third-party and is subject to that third-party’s provider’s privacy policy. We do not have access to the information collected by such partners. Except as described above, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites to which we link. Links from our Website to third-parties or other websites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of each website before providing them with personal information. We cannot be held responsible for any third-party websites and accessing their content will be subject to their own privacy policies, which again – we advise you to check.
TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE YOUR TERRITORY
We may store and process information in countries such as the United States and elsewhere. We may also process information using cloud services. In certain cases the laws in some of these countries may provide a lesser degree of data protection than the laws of your own country. Nevertheless, when we transfer your personal information to recipients in other countries, including the USA, we will protect that personal information as described in this policy and in compliance with applicable law. You agree to the transfer of your information to such other countries for the purpose of processing as described in this Policy, including through cloud services.
We take measures to comply with applicable legal requirements for the transfer of personal information to recipients in countries outside of the EEA that do not provide an adequate level of data protection. We use a variety of measures to ensure that your personal data transferred to these countries receives adequate protection in accordance with data protection rules; this includes signing the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, verifying the recipient has adopted Binding Corporate Rules or adheres to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, no measure can provide absolute information security. We cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse our Website, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.
If you believe that your privacy was not treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy, or if any person attempted to abuse our Website or acted in an inappropriate manner, it will be advisable to contact us directly at:
support@tomorrow.io
.
RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we will retain personal information about you for the period of time appropriate for us to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements, whichever is longer.
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you), in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
MARKETING
We may use your personal information, such as your full name, email address, etc. ourselves or by using our third-party subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials, concerning our services.
Out of respect to your right to privacy we provide you within such marketing materials with means to decline receiving further marketing offers from us. In addition, at any time, you may request to unsubscribe and discontinue receiving marketing offers by sending us a blank message with the word “remove” to
support@tomorrow.io
.
Please note that even if you unsubscribe from our marketing mailing list, we may continue to send you service-related updates and notifications.
COOKIES AND GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags and other identifiers (e.g., LinkedIn Pixel, Google Analytics, Google DoubleClick, HubSpot, YouTube Pixel, Facebook Pixel, FreeGeoIP.app, Mixpanel) in order to remember your preferences, to understand how our Websites is used and to customize our marketing offerings. For more information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please refer to our
Cookies Policy
.
A “cookie” is a small piece of information that a website assign to your device while you are viewing a website. Cookies are very helpful and may be used for various different purposes. These purposes include, among other things, allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, enabling automatic activation of certain features, remembering your preferences and making the interaction between you and the Website quicker, easier and smoother.
You may remove the cookies by following the instructions of your device preferences. However, if you choose to disable cookies, some features of the Website may not operate properly and your online experience may be limited.
We also use a tool called Google Analytics to collect information about your use of the Website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users access the Website, what pages they visit when they do so, etc. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Website. Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit sites, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the
Google Analytics Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
. For information about opting-out of Google Analytics cookies,
click here
.
MISCELLANEOUS
We do not respond to browsers’ “Do Not Track” requests.
You may have a right to submit a complaint to the relevant supervisory data protection authority, pursuant to the law.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this policy from time to time by posting the modified policy on the website.
In the event of a material change to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you through the Website or via email. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your continued use of the Website, following the notification of such amendments, constitutes your acknowledgement and consent of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amendments.
COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS
If you have any comments, requests or questions about this policy, please contact us at
support@tomorrow.io
or use our postal address provided below.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
The details of the Company are as follows: The Tomorrow Companies Inc. 25 Dorchester Avenue RM 52150 Boston MA 02205 USA
See Tomorrow.io in Action
Reserve Your Customized Demo Time Now
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
First Name
(Required)
Last Name
(Required)
Email
(Required)
Company
(Required)
Number of Employees
(Required)
Number of Employees*
1-10
11-50
51-200
201-500
501-1,000
1,001-5,000
5,001-10,000
10,001+
Industry
(Required)
Select Industry*
Aerospace & Defense
Agriculture
Automotive
Airline
Airport
Business Services
State & Local Government
Construction
UAS/Drones
Education
Energy + Utilities
ESG
Finance & Financial Services
Food/Beverage
Federal Government
Healthcare
Hospitality
Insurance
Intermodal
Logistics / Transportation
Maritime & Port Operations
Media & Internet
Manufacturing
Metals & Mining
On-Demand Technology
Outdoor & Sports
Railroads
Retail
Telecommunications
Trucking
Warehouses
Other
TOS
(Required)
I agree to Tomorrow.io's
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
Notifications
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps