Our Privacy Policy
1. General
1.1. What is personal data?
Personal data is information that discloses or can disclose the identity of the user. We adhere to the principle of data avoidance. As far as possible, we do not collect personal data.
1.2. Dealing with personal data
Personal data is used solely for the purpose of establishing the contract, structuring its content, and implementing or processing the contractual relationship (Art. 6 I S. 1 b GDPR).

  In addition, personal data will only be processed if we have received your consent to do so(Art. 6 I S. 1 a GDPR) or if it concerns data whose processing is necessary for our legitimate interests and if the assessment shows that there are no overriding interests, fundamental rights or fundamental freedoms on your part(Art. 6 I S. 1 f GDPR).

  We may use contract processors to process your personal data, but will not pass on your personal data to third parties.

  The necessary payment data will only be passed on to the bank commissioned with the payment and, if applicable, to the commissioned and selected payment service provider for the processing of payments.

  Your personal data will only be processed within the EU unless otherwise stated below.
1.3. Data access
By downloading and using the app, we gain access to the following data types:

  - Terminal
  - Type of terminal device
  - Time zone
  - Country of origin
  - Photos/Media/Data
  - GPS data (if enabled)

  This data is required for the assignment of the user and the functions of our app. In particular, however, it is also intended to prevent misuse by the user.
1.4. Usage data
When accessing the database via the app, general technical information is collected. This includes the IP address used, time of day, duration of the visit and the type of device. This usage data is registered in a log file for technical reasons and can be used and stored for the purpose of statistical evaluation. This usage data is not linked with your other personal data.
1.5. Registration data
Registration is required for the comprehensive use of the functions of our app. The registration data is collected through your corresponding entries and used for the specific purpose stated in accordance with your consent (Art. 6 I S. 1 a GDPR).
1.6. Data for creating a training plan
The following data is required to create an individual training plan:
  - Gender
  - Height
  - Weight
  - Age
  - Role on the football pitch (Goalkeeper, Defender, Midfielder, Forward)
- Football Position (Centre-Back, Attacking Midfielder, Striker, etc)
  - Start Date of Training Plan
  - End Date of Training Plan
  - Desired training time per day
  - Training Level (Amateur, Semi-Pro, Pro)
  - Age Group (U21, U20, U18, etc)
1.7. Data storage duration
After the end of the purpose for which the data was collected, we only store your personal data for as long as this is necessary due to legal (in particular tax) regulations.
2. Your Rights
2.1. Information
You can request information from us as to whether we process your personal data. If so, you have a right to information about this personal data and the further information specified in Art. 15 GDPR.
2.2. Right to Correction
You have the right to rectify the incorrect personal data concerning you and may request the completion of incomplete personal data in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR.
2.3. Right to Cancellation
You have the right to demand that we delete your personal data immediately. We are obliged to delete them immediately, in particular, if one of the following reasons applies:

  - Your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
  - You revoke your consent on which the processing of your data was based and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
  - Your data have been processed unlawfully.

  The right to deletion does not exist insofar as your personal data is necessary for the assertion, exercise or defence of our legal claims.
2.4. Right to Limitation of Processing
You have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data if:

  - you dispute the accuracy of the data and we, therefore, verify the accuracy,
  - the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete it and instead request the restriction of its use,
  - we no longer need the data, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims,
  - you have objected to the processing of your data and it is not yet clear whether our legitimate reasons outweigh your reasons.
2.5. Right to Data Transferability
You have the right to receive the personal data relating to you that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format and you have the right to communicate this data to another responsible person without our interference, provided that the processing is based on a consent or a contract and the processing is carried out by us using automated procedures.
2.6. Right of Revocation
If the processing of your personal data is based on consent, you have the right to revoke this consent at any time.
2.7. General and Right of Appeal
The exercise of your aforementioned rights is generally free of charge for you. If you have any complaints, you have the right to contact the supervisory authority responsible for us, the state data protection officer, directly.
3. Data Security
All the data in our is protected by technical and organizational measures against loss, destruction, access, alteration and distribution.
4. Login via third-party providers
4.1. Login with Facebook
You can log in using your existing Facebook account. To do this, click on the "Login with Facebook" button. This will redirect you to www.facebook.com (operated by Facebook Inc. 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94304, USA). There you enter your Facebook account data and click on "Login". The use of Facebook services is subject to Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
5. Push Notifications
If you have activated the push message function in your device, we will display the corresponding information on your device without you having to open our app for this. You can deactivate the push message function at any time in your device settings.
6. Presence on Social Media platforms
We use the following social media platforms for company presentation and communication (the following linked data protection declarations and opt-out options are expressly referred to).

  Facebook
  Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland
  Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
  Opt-Out: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
  Alternative Opt-out: http://www.youronlinechoices.com

  Twitter
  Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
  Privacy policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy
  Opt-Out: https://twitter.com/personalization

  Instagram
  Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA
  Privacy Policy and Opt-Out: http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/

  These social media platforms may be able to process personal data outside the EU, we refer in this respect to the above data protection declarations of the social media platforms.

  The respective social media platforms may create user profiles and store cookies on your computer, in which your user behaviour is stored, based on your user behaviour and the resulting interests on your part. If you have an account on the respective social media platform and are logged in, your usage behaviour can even be stored independently of the device. Your user profile can be used, for example, to place advertisements that presumably correspond to your interests.

  We process the personal data exclusively for communication with you via the social media platform selected by you and for the optimisation of our online presence and make sure that no interests on your part are affected which outweigh this justified interest on our part (Art. 6 I S. 1 f GDPR). If you have already given the respective operator of the social media platform effective consent to the corresponding data processing, your personal data will also be processed on the basis of this consent (Art. 6 I S. 1 a GDPR).
7. Third-party services
7.1. Social Media links
We have our own social media pages with third-party providers that can be reached via links from this website. By using the links you will reach the respective websites of the third-party providers (e.g. Facebook, Twitter). In order to avoid unnecessary data transfer, we recommend that you log out of the respective third-party provider yourself before using a corresponding link, so that user profiles cannot be created by the third-party provider through the use of the link.
7.2. Amazon Web Services
For hosting the database contents, we use the Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) of Amazon Web Services Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle WA 98109, USA (hereinafter "AWS") in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1. 1 lit. b) GDPR. All data collected within the scope of our offers are automatically encrypted and stored exclusively in a German computer centre (Frankfurt/Main), which is certified according to ISO 27001, 27017 and 2018 as well as PCI DSS Level 1.

  The data transmitted to AWS is stored on the servers until we delete it.

  You can find more information about Amazon Web Services and its data protection policies at:

  https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/
8. Contact Information
8.1. Social Media links
If you would like to contact us regarding data protection, please feel free to use the following contact options.
  Responsible person regarding GDPR:

  Sportsucate18 UG (limited liability)
  Schonensche Str. 5
  10439 Berlin
  Germany

  e-mail: contact@boxtobox.app
  Phone: +49 157 35996866