Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 16, 2023
This Privacy Policy explains how Bounce Inc. (“
Bounce
,” “
we
” or “
us
”) gather and use the information we collect from you when you use the Bounce Platform and the Services.
1. DEFINITIONS
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
4. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
5. SECURITY, INTEGRITY, AND RETENTION
6. COOKIES
7. CHILDREN PRIVACY
8. YOUR CHOICES
9. SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR THE EEA, UK, AND SWITZERLAND
10. SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA
11. PRIVACY POLICIES OF OTHERS
12. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
13. HOW TO CONTACT US
1. DEFINITIONS
Undefined terms in this Privacy Policy have the same definition as in our Terms of Service (“
Terms
”). In this Privacy Policy, Partner and Customer are collectively referred to as “
User
”.
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
2.1. Information we need for you to use the Bounce Platform.
When you use the Bounce Platform, we may collect your personal information, which includes:
Contact, Account, and Profile Information
. Such as your first name, last name, phone number, email address, geographic area, and/or preferences, and we may link this information with other information about you, some of which will depend on the features you use. You may provide us with information in various ways. For example, you provide us with information when you register for an account, use the Bounce Platform, or send us customer service-related requests.
2.2. Information you give us
. You can choose to give us personal information, which includes:
Information About Others.
Such as payment information belonging to another person or information about another person. By providing us with personal information about others, you certify that you have permission to provide that information to Bounce for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and you have shared this Privacy Policy with them.
Other Information
. Such as when you fill in a form, add information to your account, respond to surveys, participate in promotions, communicate with our customer service, provide your address and/or geolocation, or share your experience with us.
2.3. Information we automatically collect when you use the Bounce Platform.
When you use the Bounce Platform, we automatically collect personal and other information, which includes:
Location Information.
Such as precise or approximate location determined from your IP address, mobile, GPS, or other geolocation features in your device, or other information you share with us, depending on your device settings. For example, your IP address indicates the general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet. We may also collect this information when you’re not using the Bounce Platform if you enable this through your settings or device permissions.
Usage Information.
Such as the pages or content you view, searches, bookings you have made, additional services you have added, and other actions you have done on the Bounce Platform.
Log Data and Device Information.
Such as details about how you used the Bounce Platform, IP address, access dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers, crash data, and the pages you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Bounce Platform. We may collect this information even if you haven’t created an account or logged in.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We describe this in further detail in Section 6.
2.4. Information we collect from Third Parties
. We collect personal information from other sources, such as:
Third-Party Services and Sources.
We may obtain information about you from third parties and sources, such as our Partners and advertisers.
Referrals.
If you are invited to the Bounce Platform, the person who invited you can submit personal information about you such as your email address or other contact information.
Affiliates
. We may receive information about you from one of our affiliates if you interact with them directly, for example through a support request. This may include your name, email address, and information about your request.
Bag Protection.
If you make a claim under the Bag Protection, we will receive information regarding your claim to process, handle, or assess your claim as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Web Beacons and Third-Party Buttons.
We may display third-party content on the Bounce Platform, including third-party advertising. Third-party content may use cookies, web beacons, or other mechanisms for obtaining data in connection with your viewing of the third-party content on the Bounce Platform. Additionally, we may implement third-party buttons (such as “like” or “share” buttons) that may function as web beacons even when you do not interact with the button. Information collected through third-party web beacons and buttons is collected directly by these third parties, not by Bounce. Information collected by a third party in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use, and disclosure policies.
Other Sources
. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive additional information about you, or information to help detect fraud and safety issues from third-party service providers and/or Partners and combine it with information we have about you. For example, we may receive background check results or fraud warnings from identity verification service providers for use in our fraud prevention, security investigation, and risk assessment efforts. We may receive information about you and your activities on and off the Bounce Platform, or about your experiences and interactions from our Partners.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
3.1 Operate, Improve, and Develop the Bounce Platform
. We may process your information to:
Enable you to access the Bounce Platform;
Process requests;
Provide support;
Perform analytics, debug, and conduct research;
Provide customer service training;
Send you messages, updates, and account notifications;
Process, handle, or assess claims,
Personalize and customize your experience based on your interactions with the Bounce Platform, your search and booking history, your profile information and preferences, and other content you submit,
Understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our Users, to improve the Bounce Platform and the Services, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
We may also use your email address or other information we collect to contact you via our customer service. We may send, with your consent, promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information relating to the Bounce Platform, the Services, or other products and services offered by us, by Partners, and by third parties that may be of interest to you.
3.2 Create and Maintain a Trusted, Secure and Safe Environment
. We may process this information to:
Detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security and safety incidents, and other harmful activities;
Conduct fraud prevention, security investigations, and risk assessment;
Verify or authenticate information provided by you;
Comply with our legal obligations;
Resolve disputes;
Enforce our agreements with third parties;
Comply with the law and respond to legal requests, prevent harm, and protect our rights,
Enforce our Terms and other policies and assess or evaluate your interactions with the Bounce Platform and information obtained from third parties.
In limited cases, automated processes, which analyse your account and activities on the Bounce Platform as well as information in relation to activities on and off the Bounce Platform that can be associated with you, could restrict or suspend your access to our platform if such processes detect activity that may pose a safety or other risk to Bounce, other Users or third parties.
3.3 Financial and M&A Operations
. We may share your data with potential lenders or investors in Bounce for negotiating and preparing corporate or financial operations and transactions in which the Company is a potentially acquired party. We will always request any involved party to enter into non-disclosure duties before sharing any personal data controlled by Bounce.
4. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
4.1. Sharing with Your Consent
Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your information to third parties (except if we are legally required to do so) without your consent. However, we may disclose your information to other third parties if you consent to it. For example, we may share data you shared with us, such as email addresses, with your consent, with third parties and their tools to perform services on our behalf such as Google Customer Match or Meta Audience Network.
4.2. Sharing with Other Users
Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Bounce Platform will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other Users.
We disclose information about you to the Partners that store, accept or transport your personal items as requested by you through the Bounce Platform for example to verify reservations and to help ensure a consistent customer experience across locations. Generally, we limit the information provided to the Partners to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
4.3 Sharing With Third-Party Providers
We may work with third-party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us. These third parties may have access to or process information about you as part of providing those services for us. Generally, we limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
4.4 Complying With the Law And Responding to Legal Requests
We may disclose information about you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with applicable laws, in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental or public authorities.
4.5. Protecting Bounce and Others
We also reserve the right to disclose information about you that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Bounce Platform and the Services and any facilities or equipment used to make the Bounce Platform and the Services available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
4.6. Business-related Transfers
Information about our users may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of any insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
4.7. Sharing with Third-Parties
We may make certain aggregated, automatically-collected, or otherwise non-personal information available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service.
4.8. Sharing with Affiliates
We may share your personal information with Affiliates.
5. SECURITY, INTEGRITY, AND RETENTION
The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your personal information are very important to us. We have implemented and continuously maintain various technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction, and damage. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will keep your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
6. COOKIES
6.1.
When you use the Bounce Platform or the Services, we may send one or more cookies (i.e. small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters) to your device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Bounce Platform.
6.2.
Please review your web browser's help resources to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings.
6.3.
Please note that if you refuse not to accept cookies from us, you may not be able to use the features of the Bounce Platform to their fullest potential.
6.4.
We may also use third-party cookies. For instance, we may use Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. Google provides some additional privacy options described at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
regarding Google Analytics cookies.
6.5.
Bounce does not process or respond to web browsers “do not track” signals or other similar transmissions that indicate a request to disable online tracking of users who visit our Site or who use the Bounce Platform or the Services. We may also automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology, including “clear gifs” or “web beacons.” This automatically collected information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after you use the Bounce Platform, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Bounce Platform and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Bounce Platform or the Services. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. This information is gathered from all users and may be connected with other information about you.
7. CHILDREN PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of children, especially young children, is important. The Bounce Platform and the Services are not directed to children under the age of sixteen (16), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under this age.
8. YOUR CHOICES
8.1
. You may decline to share certain information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide you with some of the features and functionality of the Bounce Platform and the Services.
8.2
. You may update, correct, or delete your account information and preferences at any time by accessing your account preferences page on the Bounce Platform. If you wish to access or amend any other personal information we hold about you, you may contact us at
support@usebounce.com
. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
8.3.
You may also opt-in to receiving marketing emails from us. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by sending your request to us by email at
support@usebounce.com
. You may view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of communications that you receive from us in your account.
9. SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR THE EEA, UK, AND SWITZERLAND
This Section provides additional details about the personal information we process subject to applicable privacy laws.
9.1. Controller of Your Information
Unless otherwise stated, Bounce Inc. is the data controller of your personal information. Bounce Inc. has appointed Bounce Unipessoal Lda as Bounce’s EU representative under Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
9.2. Your Rights
Subject to applicable laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal information.
Right to access
. You have the right to request access of your personal information held by us. You can request a copy of your information free of charge. If you would like a copy of some or all of it,  please provide us with proof of identity and address and let us know the information you want a copy of.
Right to update
. You have the right to request that we update your personal information. You can require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold free of charge. If you would like to do this, please provide us with sufficient information to identify you, let us know what information is incorrect and what it should be replaced with.
Right to delete.
You have the right to have your personal information deleted. You can ask us to delete the data we hold about you in certain circumstances. You can do this if it is no longer necessary for us to hold the data for the purpose it was collected (for example if you are no longer a Customer), or if we are using it without your consent or you have to ask us to delete it to comply with any of your legal obligations. You can also do this if you originally gave your consent to us but you want to change your mind. If you would like to do this, please provide us with proof of identity and let us know why you would like us to delete your data. We will take steps to make sure the information is deleted by any people who are processing your information for us unless we have to keep this information for legal reasons. This may take a few business days.
Right to restrict processing.
You have the right to request us to restrict or delete the processing of your personal information where our processing is inappropriate.
Right to object
. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information.
Right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we are processing your personal information based on your prior consent.
Right to portability
. You have the right to request, in some instances,  copies of the personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and/or request that we transmit this information to another service provider where technically feasible.
Right to complain
. You have the right to complain to us in relation to our data processing activities or this Privacy Policy.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us at
support@usebounce.com
.
9.3. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal basis:
where necessary to enter into or perform under a contract with you;
where necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation;
for our legitimate interests, as outlined in this Privacy Policy; or
with your consent.
Sub-Section(s)
Legal Basis
Personal Information Used
2.3. Location Data
We will only process location data if we obtain your consent.
For these purposes, we use the information described in the following sub-sections of the Privacy Policy: 2.1. Information we need for you to use the Bounce Platform (Contact, Account, and Profile Information. 2.2. Information you give us 2.3. Information we automatically collect when you use the Bounce Platform 2.4. Information we collect from Third Parties
3.1. Operate the Bounce Platform
We process your personal information to enable you to access and use the Bounce Platform, process your requests, and provide you support if required. We will process your identification and contact information for the performance of our contract with you.
For these purposes, we use the information described in the following sub-sections of the Privacy Policy: 2.1. Information we need for you to use the Bounce Platform
3.1. Improve, and Develop the Bounce Platform
We process your personal information for these purposes given our legitimate interest in operating, improving, and developing the Bounce Platform and our users’ experience with it, and when it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you.
For these purposes, we use the information described in the following sub-sections of the Privacy Policy: 2.1. Information we need for you to use the Bounce Platform 2.2. Information you give us 2.3. Information we automatically collect when you use the Bounce Platform 2.4. Information we collect from Third Parties
3.2. Create and Maintain a Trusted, Secure, and Safe Environment
We process your personal information for these purposes given our legitimate interest in protecting Bounce and our users, to verify your identity for safety and security purposes, for further safety and security purposes, to measure the adequate performance of our contract with you, and to comply with applicable legal obligations.
For these purposes, we use the information described in the following sub-sections of the Privacy Policy: 2.1. Information we need for you to use the Bounce Platform (Contact, Account, and Profile Information. 2.2. Information you give us 2.3. Information we automatically collect when you use the Bounce Platform 2.4. Information we collect from Third Parties
3.3. Financial and M&A Operations
We may share your data with potential lenders or investors in Bounce for negotiating and preparing corporate or financial operations and transactions in which the Company is a participating or potentially acquired party. We will share this data under Bounce’s legitimate interests regarding such financing or M&A operation.
For these purposes, we may use the information described in the following sections of the Privacy Policy: 2.1. Information we need for you to use the Bounce Platform (Contact, Account, and Profile Information. 2.2. Information you give us 2.3. Information we automatically collect when you use the Bounce Platform 2.4. Information we collect from Third Parties
4.1. Sharing with Others and Other Uses
For any other uses or disclosure of your personal data with third parties which are not acting under Bounce instructions and purposes or are not entitled to receive such information under a legal requirement or authority decision, we will only process your information if we obtain your consent.
For these purposes, we use the information described in the following sub-sections of the Privacy Policy: 2.1. Information we need for you to use the Bounce Platform (Contact, Account, and Profile Information. 2.2. Information you give us 2.3. Information we automatically collect when you use the Bounce Platform 2.4. Information we collect from Third Parties
4.4. Complying With the Law And Responding to Legal Requests and 4.5. Protecting Bounce and Others
These disclosures may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for the purposes of Bounce’s or a third party’s legitimate interest in keeping Bounce secure, preventing a breach of the law, harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, claims, or obligations, preventing tax fraud or preventing loss or damage.
For these purposes, we use the information described in the following sub-sections of the Privacy Policy: 2.1. Information we need for you to use the Bounce Platform (Contact, Account, and Profile Information. 2.2. Information you give us 2.3. Information we automatically collect when you use the Bounce Platform 2.4. Information we collect from Third Parties
9.4.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be collected in, transferred to, accessed from, or stored in a country other than the one you are in, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. Your personal information is only transferred out of your country in accordance with applicable privacy laws including, for example, to third countries that adequately safeguard personal data, or under the European Commission-approved
Standard Contractual Clauses
.
9.5. Data Protection Authorities
You can find the list of EEA data protection authorities
here
. The contact details of the UK Information Commissioner’s Office are available
here
.
10. SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA
10.1
. This Section applies only if you are a California resident. In this Section, "Personal Information"  has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CPRA") as amended from time to time.
10.2.
Your Rights
Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal information.
Right to access
. You have the right to request that we disclose to you what personal information we collect, use, disclose, share, and sell about you.
Right to delete
. You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we’ve collected from you.
Right to update
. You have the right to request that inaccurate personal information we have about you be changed.
Right to non-discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment because you’ve exercised your rights under the CCPA.
11. PRIVACY POLICIES OF OTHERS
The Bounce Platform may link to third-party services. When you interact with these third parties and choose to use their services, you are providing your information to them. We may also use tools, such as Intercom, that allow third parties to monitor or access the contents of your communications or interactions with the Bounce Platform and the Services. We do not own or control these third parties and your use of these services is subject to the Privacy Policies of those providers. We invite you to read the Privacy Policies available on their websites:
Segment
,
Intercom
,
Amplitude
,
Datadog
,
Google Analytics and Google Ads
,
Stripe
, and
PayPal
.
12. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
12.1.
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check this Policy periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy.
12.2.
If we modify this Policy, we will make the updated version available through the Bounce Platform and indicate the date of the latest revision.  If the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Bounce Platform for the first time after such material changes are made. Your continued use of the Bounce Platform after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood, and agreed to the current version of this Policy.
13. HOW TO CONTACT US
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, the information we have collected or otherwise obtained about you, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by emailing us at
support@usebounce.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語