Order food
Gift card
Book a table
Terms of use
PART 1: RESERVATION SERVICES
Restaurant Reservations
Dineout makes restaurant reservation services available to a User for the purpose of assisting the User in securing dining reservations at participating third-party restaurants. In response to a User's online request for a Restaurant reservation through the Dineout Site or Dineout Booking Application, Dineout directly contacts the Restaurant's computerized database of reservations. The availability of reservations is determined at the time of User's query. Once a reservation is made by User through the Dineout Site or Dineout Booking Application, Dineout will provide confirmation of the reservation to User by email and phone via SMS. By using the Reservation Services, User agrees to receive reservation confirmations by email and phone after booking a reservation through the Reservation Services.
Usage Guidelines
User agrees to use the Reservation Services only to book reservations at Restaurants and then honor those reservations by arriving at the Restaurants on time and ordering and paying for meals. User further agrees not to book more than one reservation for User's personal use during any one meal time (e.g., lunch, dinner, etc.). Administrative assistant and/or concierges may be able to book multiple reservations through Dineout’s Administrative Assistant and/or Concierge programs, subject to any applicable program terms. Resale or attempted resale of reservations is prohibited and is grounds for, among other things, cancellation of your reservations or termination of your access to the Services.
No-Show Policy
Dineout is committed to providing superior quality services to Users and Restaurants. To assist us in maintaining a consistently high level of service for the Restaurants and their patrons, Users must cancel any reservations that they will be unable to honor in accordance with the Restaurant's cancellation policy which will be disclosed during the booking process.If your reservation exceed the time of the cancellation time it will not be possible to cancel the reservation, unless other agreement is made with the Restaurant. Dineout is not responsible for these other agreements. You may cancel your reservation via the email confirmation or by contacting the Restaurant directly. The Restaurant may require a debit or credit card number to finalize your reservation. In order to use the Reservation Services for these Restaurants, you must provide valid debit or credit card information, and you may be required to cancel your reservation in accordance with the Restaurant's cancellation policy, which will be disclosed at the time the reservation is made.
Dineout's integrated payment provider uses your debit or credit card information as described in our privacy policy and shall have no liability for any charges made to the debit or credit card account for any failure to cancel your reservation in accordance with a Restaurant's cancellation policy. By using the Reservation Services, User agrees to receive no-show notifications by email after a report that your reservation was not honored, whether or not that was in fact the case. User agrees that all final no-show determinations will be made by the Restaurant in its sole discretion.
PART 2: PAYMENT AND OTHER SERVICES
General Descriptions And Requirements
The Payment Services allow Users to pay a potential confirmation fee or other requirements for booking at participating Restaurants through the Dineout Site or Dineout Booking Application. In order to use the Payment Services at a participating Restaurant, you must: (1) make a reservation for the Restaurant through the Reservation Services; (2) provide valid payment card information through the Dineout Booking Application as further described below; (3) provide and verify your mobile phone number as further described below; and (4) have an Account in good standing. The Payment Services may not be available for all Restaurants. There is no fee to you to use the Payment Services, but your mobile carrier's standard text message and data charges may apply; you are responsible for any fees charged by your mobile carrier in connection with your use of the Payment Services and Dineout Booking Application.
PAYMENT CARD INFORMATION
In order to use the Payment Services, you must provide account information for at least one valid debit or credit card through or to the Dineout Booking Application. Dineout uses this debit or credit card account information as described in our privacy policy. If you provide account information for a debit or credit card to the Dineout Booking Application via a third party, your provision of such debit or credit card shall also be subject to the terms and conditions specified by such third party. Dineout takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any actions or omissions of such third party. You may add, delete, and edit the debit or credit card account information you have provided from time to time directly through the Dineout Booking Application. If you provide account information in such manner for more than one valid debit or credit card, you must select which debit or credit card you want to use to pay. To the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to our privacy policy, you acknowledge and agree that we may use certain third-party vendors and service providers to process payments, manage debit and credit card information and detect and prevent fraud. Neither Dineout, the Restaurant nor the Payment Provider is responsible for lost or stolen credit cards and/or illegal/unauthorized use of your payment card information. By providing debit or credit card account information through or to the Dineout Booking Application, you represent, warrant, and covenant that: (1) you are legally authorized to provide such information to us; (2) you are legally authorized to perform payments from the debit or credit card account(s); and (3) such action does not violate the terms and conditions applicable to your use of such debit or credit card account(s) or applicable law. When you authorize a payment using a debit or credit card account via the Dineout Booking Application, you represent, warrant, and covenant that there are sufficient funds or credit available to complete a payment using the debit or credit card account.
VERIFIED MOBILE PHONE NUMBER
In order to use the Payment Services, you must provide a valid mobile phone number through the Dineout Booking Application and verify such number as instructed by us. If you change your mobile phone number, you must promptly provide and verify your new mobile phone number. When you provide your mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receive direct dial calls, autodialed and prerecorded message calls, and text messages relating to the Payment Services at that number.
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
You may establish certain default settings for your use of the Payment Services through the Dineout Booking Application, such as your preferred payment card account if you provided debit or credit card information directly through the Dineout Booking Application. You may change these settings through the Dineout Booking Application.
CERTAIN LIMITATIONS
You acknowledge and agree that Dineout provides the Payment Services only as a convenience and is not a party to your payment transactions performed using the Payment Services. Dineout is an independent contractor for all purposes and is not your agent or trustee. Dineout is not responsible, and has no liability for, the products or services that are paid for with the Payment Services. Dineout is not responsible for any overcharges or other payment disputes with Restaurants. Users must resolve payment and other disputes directly with Restaurants. Dineout is not liable for any payments that the Payment Services do not complete because: (1) your debit or credit card account does not contain sufficient funds to complete the transaction or the transaction would exceed the credit limit or overdraft protection of the debit or credit card account; (2) you have not provided us with correct payment account information; (3) your debit or credit card has expired; or (4) circumstances beyond our control (such as, but not limited to, power outages, interruptions of cellular service, or any other interferences from an outside force) prevent the execution of the transaction. To the extent that any amounts owed cannot be collected from your debit or credit card account through the Payment Services Provider, you are solely responsible for paying the applicable Restaurant(s) by other means.
COMPLAINTS
In all cases where you process a payment and expect to receive goods/services you are obliged to file any complaints or questions to the restaurant only - who will handle your case.
PART 3: TERMS OF ALL SERVICES
PRIVACY POLICY
Dineout is committed to helping you safeguard your privacy online. Please review our privacy policy for details about how we collect, use, and disclose information in connection with the Services.
YOUR ACCOUNT
You may (but are not required to) create an account with Dineout through the Dineout Site or Dineout Booking Application (“Account”) in order to use the Reservation Services. You must have an Account in order to use the Payment Services. When registering for an Account, you must provide true, accurate, current, and complete data about yourself on the Dineout registration form. You also agree to promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account and the information in your Account, and, except as otherwise required by applicable law, you are solely responsible for all use of your Account, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify Dineout of any unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security related to your use of the Services.
COMMUNICATION FROM DINEOUT
The Dineout Booking Application may use GPS locator capabilities to identify your current location. If you provide a mobile phone number, you hereby expressly consent to receive SMS text messages from Dineout regarding the Services and as otherwise described in our privacy policy. The communication standards for the Services include, but are not limited to: SMS, Email, GPS, and web-based browser technology. In order to use the SMS-based Services, you must maintain an active account with a carrier of electronic communications through mobile devices and you may not use a prepaid cellular phone to access the Services.
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
Use of the Services requires Internet access through your computer or mobile device. Dineout does not guarantee that the Services will be compatible with all devices or will be supported by all mobile carriers. You may be required to have JavaScript (or similar technologies) enabled to use the Dineout Site, and some features and portions of the Dineout Site (including, but not limited to, making, modifying, or canceling reservations) may not be accessible with JavaScript disabled.
MODIFICATION TO SERVICES
Dineout reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the Services from time to time and without notice, including, without limitation, by removing, adding, or modifying portions of the Dineout Site, Dineout Booking Application and Restaurants. Dineout shall have no liability to you for any of the foregoing actions. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using the Services. Continued use of the Services following any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgment of such changes and satisfaction with all the Services.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND GRANT OF RIGHTS TO USER
The features, information, and materials provided and depicted through the Services are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and other intellectual property laws. All text, graphic content, video, data, and other content made available through the Services (collectively, the “Dineout Content”) are provided to User by Dineout or its partners or licensors solely to support User's permitted use of the Services. The Dineout Content may be modified from time to time by Dineout in its sole discretion. Except as expressly set forth herein, no license is granted to User for any other purpose, and any other use of the Services or the Dineout Content by User shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Dineout and its partners or licensors retain all rights in the Services and Dineout Content and any associated patents, trademarks, copyrights, mask work rights, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights. No license, right, or interest in any trademarks of Dineout or any third party is granted under this Agreement.
APPLICATION LICENSE
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Dineout grants User a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Dineout Booking Application, in object code form only, on User's compatible mobile devices, solely to support User's permitted use of the Services.
USE RESTRICTIONS
The Services and Dineout Content are offered solely for User's personal use for the purposes described in this Agreement. Any and all other uses are prohibited. Dineout expressly reserves all its rights and remedies under applicable state and federal laws. Dineout reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse service, terminate Accounts, remove or edit content, cancel reservations, or deny access to the Services. You agree not to (and not to allow any third party to): (1) use any deep-link, robot, spider, scraper, or other automatic or manual device, process, or means to access, copy, search, or monitor any portion of the Services or Dineout Content, except as expressly authorized by Dineout; (2) take any action that imposes or may impose (in Dineout's sole determination) an unreasonable or a disproportionately large load on the Services or Dineout's infrastructure; (3) utilize any device, software, or routine that will interfere or attempt to interfere with the functionality of the Services; (4) rent, lease, copy, provide access to or sublicense any portion of the Services or Dineout Content to a third party; (5) use any portion of the Services or Dineout Content to provide, or incorporate any portion of the Services or Dineout Content into, any product or service provided to a third party; (6) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise seek to obtain the source code or non-public APIs to the Services, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law (and then only upon advance notice to Dineout); (7) modify any Services or Dineout Content or create any derivative product from any of the foregoing; (8) remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in the Services or Dineout Content; (9) use the Services or Dineout Content for any illegal purpose; or (10) publicly disseminate information regarding the performance of the Services or Dineout Content or access or use the Services or Dineout Content for competitive analysis or benchmarking purposes.
TERMINATION
Dineout may suspend your ability to use all or any element of the Services or may terminate this Agreement effective immediately, without notice or explanation. Without limiting the foregoing, Dineout may suspend your access to the Services if we believe you to be in violation of any part of this Agreement (including any Dineout Policies) or if we receive excessive chargebacks on the debit or credit card associated with your Account. After any suspension or termination, you may or may not be granted permission to use the Services or re-establish an Account. You agree that Dineout shall not be liable to you for any termination of this Agreement or for any effects of any termination of this Agreement. You are always free to discontinue your use of the Services at any time. You understand that any termination of your Account may involve deletion of any content stored in your Account for which Dineout will have no liability whatsoever.
COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT
The Dineout Booking Application may use GPS locator capabilities to identify your current location. If you provide a mobile phone number, you hereby expressly consent to receive SMS text messages from Dineout regarding the Services and as otherwise described in our privacy policy. By completion of Reservation through Dineout, you agree to possibly receive marketing material through email and / or SMS from the Restaurant whereto the Reservation applies. The communication standards for the Services include, but are not limited to: SMS, Email, GPS, and web-based browser technology. In order to use the SMS-based Services, you must maintain an active account with a carrier of electronic communications through mobile devices and you may not use a prepaid cellular phone to access the Services.
RELEASE
Restaurants are solely responsible for their interactions with you and all claims, injuries, illnesses, damages, liabilities, and costs (“Claims”) suffered by you as a result of your interaction with or visit to any Restaurant or from any promotion, offer, product or service of any Restaurant. Users must resolve all disputes directly with Restaurants. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby release the Dineout Parties from any and all such Claims.
Book a table
Order food
Coupons
Gift card
Events