Home
Features
Pricing
Partners
About Us
FAQ
Blog
Register
Login
Privacy policy of our website and MyHunt app
Updated April 2023
Preamble
Data protection is an important concern for us and your trust is our highest priority. Therefore, we always treat your personal data confidentially and naturally comply with all relevant statutory data protection regulations. We therefore only process your personal data insofar as this is permitted by law or you have given us your consent to do so.In this privacy policy you will learn:
- The way we handle personal data on the Internet.
- What information is collected and evaluated about visitors to our website and users of our app.
- Whether and how this information is used, passed on or otherwise processed. This statement applies to all information collected or provided by the user when using our website and our hunting companion app (hereinafter "app").
1. Responsible party
Hunter & Companion GmbH
Zielstattstr. 19
81379 Munich
For further information, please refer to the imprint.
2. Data protection officer
Attorney Dr. Jochen Notholt
comp/lex – Data protection officer
Lindwurmstr. 10
80337 Munich
E-Mail: jn@comp-lex.de
Tel.: +49 89 41614295-2
3. Website
3.1 SSL or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or requests that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
3.2 When calling up our website
When you call up our website, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise transmit information to us, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data, which is technically necessary for us to display our website to you. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO:
- IP address
- Date and time of the request
- Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
- Content of the request (specific page)
- Access status/HTTP status code
- Amount of data transferred in each case
- Website from which the request comes
- Browser
- Operating system and its interface
- Language and version of the browser software
Microsoft Azure
‍
We use the hosting service provider Microsoft Azure, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. Servers or systems at the server location Frankfurt, Germany, are used for the processing of personal data.
For the possible transfer to third countries (USA), please refer to section 6.1.
3.3 Cookies
This website partly uses cookies. Cookies do not damage your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your terminal device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognize your browser on your next visit.You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be limited.The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services pursuant to Art 6 (1) 1 lit f DSGVO.
3.4 Google Analytics
Our website optionally uses Google Analytics so that we can further improve future website visits. The provider is Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.For information on the possible transfer to third countries (USA), please refer to section 6.3.You can consent to the use of Google Analytics when calling up the website. You can revoke your consent to the use of Google Analytics at any time. If you give us your consent, we evaluate your use of the website. For this purpose, we process the following personal data from you:
- IP address (will only be processed in shortened or anonymized form.
- Date and time of the request
- Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
- Content of the request (specific page)
- Access status/HTTP status code
- amount of data transferred in each case
- Website from which the request comes
- Browser
- Type information about the end device
- Operating system and its interface
- Language and version of the browser software
- Screen and window resolution
- Your approximate location
- Information about the time you spend on the site
- Information about actions you perform on the website
Therefore, we transmit the aforementioned data to Google for analysis purposes. We use IP anonymization so that your IP address is sent shortened. On our behalf, Google evaluates the data on the way you use the website, as this data is necessary for us to ensure the stability and security of the website and to further develop it according to your interests. The data collected in this way is not merged with your other profile information, but is included in anonymous statistics that help us to get to know our users better and to better adapt the website to their needs. The legal basis for the collection is your consent pursuant to Art 6 (1) 1 lit a DSGVO.
3.5 Google Analytics Remarking
Our websites use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. The provider is Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
For information on the possible transfer to third countries (USA), please refer to section 6.3.
This function makes it possible to link the advertising target groups created with Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to you depending on your previous usage and surfing behavior on one end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another of your end devices (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be displayed on every device on which you log in with your Google account.
To support this feature, Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated IDs of users, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or revoke at Google (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO).
In the case of data collection processes that are not merged in your Google account (e.g. because you do not have a Google account or have objected to the merging), the data is only collected on the basis of your express consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a DSGVO.
Further information and the data protection provisions can be found in Google's privacy policy at: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
Objection to remarketing/targeting
You can permanently object to cross-device remarketing/targeting by deactivating personalized advertising in your Google account; follow this link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.
3.6 IP-anonymization
We have activated the "IP anonymization" function. This means that your IP address is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before being transmitted to the USA. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website and this app, Google will process the information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data from Google.
3.7 Plugins und Tools
Facebook (Meta) Pixel
Our website uses the visitor action pixel from Facebook, Facebook Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook") for conversion measurement.
For information on the possible transmission to third countries (USA), see section 6.4.
The tool can be used to track the behavior of page visitors after they have been redirected to the provider's website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This allows the effectiveness of the Facebook ads to be evaluated for statistical and market research purposes and future advertising measures to be optimized.
The collected data is anonymous for us as the operator of this website, we cannot draw any conclusions about the identity of the users. However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook, so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with the Facebook Data Use Policy. This allows Facebook to enable the placement of advertisements on Facebook pages as well as outside of Facebook.
This use of the data cannot be influenced by us as page operator. The transfer of data is based on your consent in accordance with Art 6 (1) 1 a DSGVO.
More information on the processing of your data by Facebook: https://de-de.facebook.com/help/566994660333381/?helpref=uf_share
You can also deactivate the "Custom Audiences" remarketing function in the Ad Settings section at https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen. To do this, you must be logged in to Facebook.
If you do not have a Facebook account, you can disable usage-based advertising from Facebook on the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance website: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/.
4. MyHunt-App
If you use our hunting companion app (hereinafter "app"), we process further personal data. A detailed description of the respective data and an explanation of how we process them is provided below.The personal data is collected on the basis of the existing contract for the provision of services pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) DSGVO. The use of the offer of the app is not possible without the collection of the above-mentioned registration data.The other personal data is collected on the basis of our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f DSGVO or based on your express consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) 1 lit a DSGVO. You may object to the collection of this data at any time without incurring any disadvantages.If you decide to use the application, you must create an account.
4.1.1 Opening the app
As soon as the app is opened, the following personal information is collected and stored:
- Time of opening the app,
- Operating system used as well as its version,
- Country, region,
- Mobile device used.
The aforementioned data is collected by us on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO and thus in our legitimate interest. This lies in the improvement of our service and the app. The logged data should help to simplify the handling of the app for the user and to make the app even better. The data collected here is stored in a personalized manner and can be assigned to the respective user.
4.1.2 Registration via the website or within the app
You can register directly in the app or also via our website. For both registrations, we store the following data:
- Name, first name,
- e-mail address.
The personal data required here is mandatory information without which we cannot provide you with the app. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO in connection with the free usage contract between you and HC.
Optionally, you can add a profile picture to your profile. This is basically not required for the use of the app. Since the data collection is voluntary, reference is made to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. You can remove your picture from your profile at any time.The data collected here is stored on the servers of the providers AWS and Microsoft Azure within the EU / EEA. It is not passed on to third parties.
Microsoft Azure
As a hosting service provider, we use Microsoft Azure, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. Servers or systems at the server location Frankfurt, Germany, are used for the processing of personal data.
For the possible transfer to third countries (USA), see section 6.1.
4.1.3 Social Sign-In
At the beginning of registration in the mobile app, you also have the option of registering with the so-called single sign-on solution, provided you have an account with Facebook, Apple or Google.
The data protection and terms of use of the respective provider apply to registration and use. Your account details are entered directly on the provider's server and are not transmitted to us. Whether and which data of your social media account is made accessible to us will be communicated to you by the respective provider.
Personal data (first name, last name, email address) will only be transmitted to us during registration via the provider (Facebook, Apple or Google) if you have given your express consent to this in accordance with Art. 6 (1) 1 lit a DSGVO.
The data transmitted to us by the provider is used to set up your account in our app and to enable us to perform a plausibility check.Your data will be deleted upon deletion of the user account with us. The legal basis for the processing is the implementation of the user relationship between you and us, Art. 6 para. lit a DSGVO, or between your employer and us, Art. 6 para. lit f DSGVO (interest to securely authenticate your access through established services).
For information on data collection and further processing, as well as your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your privacy, please refer to the privacy notices of Google, Facebook and Apple. The data protection officer for the respective single sign-on solution is the respective provider.
4.1.4 Google Firebase
Data is collected via the Google Firebase application integrated in the app. Here, we use Google Firebase Analytics, Firebase Dynamic Links and Firebase App Distribution. Firebase is operated by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, on the basis of a contract processing agreement. The data collected here is stored in the Google Cloud (BigQuery). The data is stored on a server located in Frankfurt. It cannot be ruled out that data may also be transferred to the USA.
For information on the possible transfer to third countries (USA), please refer to section 6.3.
Firebase Analytics
We use Google Analytics Firebase to collect general data about the use of the app, to analyze the use of the appp and to optimize the user experience. We collect and store the following data: Frequency of page views, search terms, use of website features, duration of visit. A detailed description of the information collected and processed can be found here: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy#data_processing_information.
The legal basis for the use of the Google Analytics for Firebase service is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit a DSGVO. Consent can be revoked at any time by deactivating the respective switch for this in the analysis settings.
Firebase Dynamic Links
With this service, Google processes device specifications and IP addresses on our behalf for iOS in order to open newly installed apps for a specific page or context. Google stores device specifications and IP addresses only temporarily to provide the service.
The legal basis for the use of Dynamic Firebase Links is Art. 6 (1) f DSGVO. In doing so, we pursue our legitimate interest in improving and optimizing our apps, for which this service is technically necessary.
You can also object to the data collection at any time for the future. You can make the corresponding settings under the "Other" tab in your profile settings.
The data collected here will be stored for a period of 24 months and then deleted.
You have the right:
- to request information about your personal data processed by us in accordance with Art. 15 DSGVO. In particular, you can request information about the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the existence of a right to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing or objection, the existence of a right of complaint, the origin of your data if it has not been collected by us, as well as the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and, if applicable, meaningful information about its details;
- in accordance with Art. 16 DSGVO, to immediately request the correction of incorrect or completion of your personal data stored by us;
- pursuant to Art. 17 DSGVO, to request the erasure of your personal data stored by us, unless the processing is necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
- pursuant to Art. 18 DSGVO, to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data, insofar as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you object to its erasure and we no longer require the data, but you need it for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims or you have objected to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 DSGVO;
- in accordance with Art. 20 DSGVO, to receive your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request that it be transferred to another controller;
- complain to a supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 DSGVO. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or workplace or our company headquarters for this purpose.
4.1.5 Facebook (Meta)
Further personal data in the form of the following information is collected by the integrated application of the provider Facebook together with a randomly generated user ID and transmitted to them:
- Registration of a new account,
- Start of the app.
The data collected here, regardless of whether you have an account with Facebook, is transmitted to Facebook and stored outside the EU / EEA.
For information on the possible transfer to third countries (USA), see section 6.4.
We have no influence on further data processing by Facebook. You can find out more about Facebook's data protection policy here: https://www.facebook.com/help/238318146535333.
We process the data collected here on the basis of our legitimate interest. The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our legitimate interest lies in the control of various promotions that are switched in connection with Face-book. The data collected here is only used for evaluation and anonymized / deleted after a period of 24 months. A transmission of this data to third parties does not take place. The data collection can generally be objected to.
4.1.6 Creating a profile
You can enter various information in your profile when using the app. In order to ensure suitable onboarding of the app for our users, we ask during registration whether the user is part of a hunting ground community and which animal species are hunted most frequently by him. The legal basis for this is Art 6 (1) 1 lit b DSGVO.
This data is not visible to other users and does not appear in your profile. Your profile is only visible to users who are your hunting ground members.
All other information you provide as a user in your profile is voluntary. You can enter coordinates of hunting grounds, hunting facilities, registered sightings and kills, as well as photos in your profile. This information is visible to other users as long as you have invited them to a hunting ground group.
The collected data is stored on the servers of our service providers AWS and Microsoft Azure.
4.1.7 Location tracking
With the help of the app, you can determine your location as part of the active location determination and have it displayed on the available map material in order to share it with a post. For this, the app requires the appropriate authorization for access. As soon as you have your location determined via the app, this data is stored.
The data collection takes place exclusively with your consent to data processing according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. You can determine and terminate the data collection yourself at any time. The lawfulness of the data storage carried out until then remains unaffected. To delete the location information, you can delete the posts linked to your location or send us a message to this effect to info@hunterco.de.
The collected data is stored on the servers of our service providers AWS and Microsoft Azure.
You can disable location notification at any time in the app settings.
Instructions for iOS
1. open the "settings" app on your phone
2. scroll down to the hunting companion app
3. go to "Location" here and choose if and when you want to allow location access.
Instructions for Android (depending on the manufacturer, the process may differ slightly):
1. open the "Settings" app on your phone.
2. select "Location." Here you can disable the location service completely or individually for apps you use.
Microsoft Azure
The location service is stored on our server. We use Microsoft Azure as our hosting provider. One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. For the processing of per-sonal data, servers or systems at the server location Frankfurt, Germany, are used.
For information on the possible transfer to third countries (USA), please refer to Section 6.1.
The processing of this data is necessary for the use of the app. If you do not wish to share this data with us, we cannot offer you the App.
4.1.8 Uploading photos
You can upload your own photos. The app requires authorization to access your already created pictures so that you can integrate them into your hunting diary and or share them with others.
Personal data is only collected with your consent by uploading the individual images to the app. The personal data collected here results on the one hand from the information depicted on the images and the metadata of the images. The legal basis for the data collection is therefore Art. 6 (1) S. 1 lit. a DSGVO. You can delete the data collected here yourself at any time. The legality of the data processing carried out up to that point will not be affected. Please bear in mind that other users with whom you share your images cannot make copies of these images and that we do not technically allow the images to be passed on, but it cannot be ruled out that other copies may be made (screenshots).
AWS Web Services
The photos uploaded here are stored on the servers of our hosting service provider Amazon Web Services / AWS (Amazon Web Services EMEA S.à.r.l., 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg). To this extent, all uploads processed by us as part of your use of the app are processed on the systems of AWS. For the processing of personal data, servers or systems at the server location Frankfurt, Germany, are used.
For the possible transfer to third countries (USA), please see section 6.2.
The processing of this data is necessary for the use of the app. If you do not wish to share this data with us, we cannot offer you the app.The collected data will generally be stored for as long as you use the App or until you request deletion of the corresponding data or you delete the images on your own.
4.1.9 Camera
The app requires access to the camera. This is only used to take pictures when you activate the camera function of the app. The related data processing is carried out with your consent and thus on the basis of Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
4.1.10 Push-Notifications
We send push notifications to our users. On the one hand, systemic (if you are part of a hunting ground group, you will automatically receive updates on new sightings, kills, etc.). In addition, we use push notifications to share news (news articles) or to point out special offers (e.g. discounted pro version subscriptions).
For sending push notifications, your Firebase installation ID and the push token of your device will be stored.
Push notifications are only sent to you after your consent, the legal basis is Art 6 (1) lit a DSGVO. The legal basis for the collection of data such as timestamp, push token and device ID is Art 6 (1) lit b DSGVO.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
We use Firebase Cloud Messaging for the secure sending of push notifications. Firebase Cloud Messaging is part of the company Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.For possible transmission to third countries (USA), please see section 6.3.Information about the collected device data can be found at: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy#crash-stored-info.
You can revoke your consent for push notifications at any time as follows:
iOS:
1. open the "Settings" app on your phone.
2. select "Notifications"
3. scroll down to the hunting companion app
4. turn off "Allow notifications."
Android (depending on the manufacturer, the process may differ slightly):
1. open the Settings app on your phone.
2. tap Apps & Notifications -> Notification management.
3. under "Recently sent", look for apps that have recently sent you notifications. To find more apps, tap on "Show all".
4. tap Advanced.
5. You can disable all notifications for a listed app. To select specific categories of notifications, tap the app name.
4.1.11 Receiving data from the Internet
In order to use the app to its full extent, various content is reloaded from the Internet when there is an Internet connection. Data will not be transmitted to third parties.
4.2 Data transmission to advertising providers
User-specific advertising is not used within the app.
4.3 Data transfer to other app users
In principle, we do not pass on any personal data to other app users. The app can be used independently without informing other users. You are free to exchange your experiences with other users in groups and to share content here. In doing so, you yourself determine which information you would like to share with the other group members. The data processing is thus based on Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. If you leave a group, your contributions will not be deleted.
You can do this deletion yourself within your profile or send us a deletion request by email to info@hunterco.de.
4.4 Payment processing for the use of the app by Stripe
The execution and thus the collection, processing and storage of electronic payment transaction data is carried out by our payment service provider, Stripe Payments Europe Ltd, Block 4, Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Stripe"). Through Stripe, it is possible to offer various payment methods, such as credit card payments or direct debit.
For each payment transaction, Stripe receives data for the processing of electronic payment transactions, such as the information you provided during the order process together with information about your order (name, address, account number, bank code, credit card number, if applicable, invoice amount, currency and transaction number). The processing of your data by Stripe is necessary for payment processing and thus for the execution of the contract. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO. This data will be deleted after expiry of the statutory retention obligations. Stripe processes your personal data on our behalf and within the scope of our instructions as a so-called order processor pursuant to Art. 28 DSGVO.
The service provider Stripe used by us in this context, which processes personal data on our behalf and within the scope of our instructions as a so-called order processor pursuant to Art. 28 DSGVO, transmits data to group companies in the USA. The level of data protection in the USA is assessed by the European Commission as not adequate. The transfer of data to the USA therefore takes place on the basis of the standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 Para. 2 lit. c DSGVO. The standard contractual clauses are available at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32010D0087&from=DE; alternatively, you can also request these documents from us using the contact options specified in Section 2.
5. Use of order processors
To fulfill our contractual obligations, we rely on the services of carefully selected third parties who process the data on our behalf. These are in each case order processors with whom we have concluded an agreement in accordance with Art. 28 DSGVO. In addition, we naturally ensure in advance that our processors comply with all data protection regulations, so that your data is always secure.
6. Transmission to third countries
We generally only process your personal data in a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA)) if it is necessary for the fulfillment of our (pre)contractual obligations (pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO), on the basis of your consent (pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO), due to a legal obligation (pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c DSGVO) or on the basis of our legitimate interests (pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO). The same applies, for processing by third parties on our behalf, the disclosure of your personal data to third parties as well as their transmission to third parties.
Subject to legal or contractual permissions, we process or allow data to be processed in a third country only if the special requirements of Art. 44 et seq. DSGVO are met. This means, for example, that the processing takes place on the basis of special guarantees, such as the officially recognized determination of a level of data protection that corresponds to the EU or compliance with officially recognized special contractual obligations (so-called "standard contractual clauses").
6.1 Microsoft Azure
As a hosting service provider, we use Microsoft Azure, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. For the processing of personal data, servers or systems are used at the server location Frankfurt, Germany, so that the data is stored within the EU / EEA. However, in the context of using the services, it cannot be ruled out that data will also be transmitted to the USA.
We would like to point out that, in the opinion of the European Court of Justice, there is currently no adequate level of protection for data transfers to the USA. The transfer of data to the USA therefore takes place on the basis of the standard contractual clauses pursuant to Section 46 (2) lit. c DSGVO. The standard contractual clauses are available at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en. Alternatively, you can also request these documents from us using the contact options specified in section 2. Further information on Micro-soft Azure data processing and compliance can be found at https://docs.microsoft.com/de-de/compliance/regulatory/offering-EU-Model-Clauses
6.2 AWS
We use services of the hosting service provider Amazon Web Services / AWS (Amazon Web Services EMEA S.à.r.l., 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg) stored. In this respect, all uploads that are processed by us as part of your use of the app are processed on the systems of AWS. For the processing of personal data, servers or systems are used at the server location Frankfurt, Germany, so that the data is stored within the EU / EEA. However, in the context of using the services of AWS, it cannot be ruled out that data will also be transmitted to Amazon Web Services Inc. in the USA. We would like to point out that in the opinion of the European Court of Justice, there is currently no adequate level of protection for data transfers to the USA. The transfer of data to the USA therefore takes place on the basis of the standard contractual clauses pursuant to 46 para. 2 lit. c DSGVO. The standard contractual clauses are available at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en. Alternatively, you can also request these documents from us using the contact options specified in section 2.
6.3 Google-services
We use the above-mentioned various services of the company Google (Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA), including Google Firebase services, on our website and in our app. The data processing takes place on the basis of an order processing agreement with Google.
In the course of using the services of Google LLC, data may also be transferred by Google to group companies and/or subcontracted processors in the USA and stored there. The possible processing locations can be found in the following link: https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/.
We would like to point out that, in the opinion of the European Court of Justice, there is currently no adequate level of protection for data transfers to the USA. The data transfer to the USA therefore takes place on the basis of the standard contractual clauses pursuant to Art. 46 (2) lit. c DSGVO, which are part of the order processing agreement with Google LLC, unless your express consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a DSGVO has been obtained. The standard contractual clauses are available at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en. Alternatively, you can also request these documents from us using the contact options specified in section 2.
6.4 Facebook (Meta)
The website uses Facebook pixel and Facebook embeds. The provider is Facebook Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook").
We would like to point out that in the opinion of the European Court of Justice, there is currently no adequate level of protection for data transfers to the USA. The data transfer to the USA therefore takes place on the basis of the standard contractual clauses pursuant to 46 (2) lit. c DSGVO, unless your express consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a DSGVO has been obtained. The standard contractual clauses are available at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en. Alternatively, you can also request these documents from us using the contact options specified in section 2.
7. Deletion of personal data
In addition to the system-side deletion of your data described above, deletion may occur if you actively delete your account.Furthermore, your account can be deactivated and subsequently deleted if you do not use it for a longer period of time and we cannot expect you to use it again.
8. Help center
If you have any questions, suggestions or complaints, you can of course contact our help center. You can either use our contact form to get in touch with us, or you can send us an e-mail to the following address: info@hunterco.de. In order to be able to answer your inquiry, we need your e-mail address. This will be collected by us as soon as you send us a request. The data collection is based on our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our interest is to ensure the satisfaction of our users and to be able to respond to the respective suggestions and ideas. Basically, you have the possibility to object to the data processing.
We can determine or name all other personal data transmitted to us in the text of the e-mail, as we have no influence on this. We would like to point out that the transmission of data is voluntary and that you should refrain from transmitting unnecessary information. The possibility of postal communication is of course available. Due to the voluntary nature of the data collection, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit a DSGVO. The consent to the processing of the data collected here can be revoked at any time without the legality of the previous data processing being affected.
The messages received here will be processed exclusively by the employees of HC. No data will be transferred to third parties or to a third country.
After answering the inquiries, they are stored for a period of 90 days and then deleted, as experience has shown that we can assume that no further inquiries will be made after this period.
9. Automated decision-making including profiling
The data we collect here is used to generate a personalized and customized offer for you. However, this is not an automated decision-making process according to Art. 22 DSGVO, as this has no legal effect on you. Nevertheless, we would like to inform you about this as transparently as possible.
10. Data subject rights for website and app
11. Revocation of consent granted for website and app
If we process your personal data on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a or 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO, you have the right to revoke any consent granted to us pursuant to Art. 7 para. 3 DSGVO with effect for the future. If you wish to exercise your right of revocation, you can notify us by e-mail to info@hunterco.de. Alternatively, you can also use the contact details mentioned above under point 2.
12. Bbjection in case of processing on the basis of legitimate interest for website and app
If we process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. f DSGVO, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 21 DSGVO, provided that there are grounds for doing so that arise from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without specifying a particular situation.
If you wish to exercise your right of objection, you can notify us by e-mail to info@hunterco.de. Alternatively, you can also use the contact details mentioned above under point 2.
13. Security measures for website and app
We take organizational, contractual and technical security measures in accordance with the state of the art to ensure that the provisions of data protection laws are complied with and thus to protect the data processed by us against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or against access by unauthorized persons. The security measures include in particular the encrypted transmission of data between your browser and our server.
14. Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change our data protection declaration if this should be necessary due to new technologies or changes in our data processing procedures or in order to adapt it to changes in the legal situation applicable to us. However, this only applies to this privacy policy. If we process your personal data on the basis of your consent or if parts of the data protection declaration contain provisions of the contractual relationship with you, any changes will only be made with your consent.
Website
The current version of our data protection declaration can be found at https://www.myhunt-app.com/data-privacy.
App
You can view the current version of our data protection declaration in your profile under "Data protection declaration".
By clicking
“Accept”
, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our
Privacy Policy for more information.
Preferences
Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website.
Reject all cookies
Allow all cookies
Manage Consent Preferences by Category
Essential
Always Active
These items are required to enable basic website functionality.
Marketing
Essential
These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission.
Analytics
Essential
These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor.
Confirm my preferences and close
Hunter & Companion GmbH
Zielstattstr. 19
81379 Munich
‍Germany
E-Mail: info@hunterco.de
Copyright © 2024 Hunter & Companion GmbH. All rights reserved.
EN
ES
DE
FR
IT
Home
Features
Pricing
Partners
About Us
FAQ
Blog
Registrieren
Anmelden