Welcome to Art Processors
Featured Work
Select Slide
stop animation
stop
slide
1
of 5
Transforming a storied vessel into a captivating journey
USS Midway Museum
Centering young voices in Holocaust Survivor stories
Melbourne Holocaust Museum
Art Processors wins Fast Company's 2023 Award for Experience Design
Inventing the O, a different way of storytelling
Museum of Old and New Art
Reimagining our relationship with the environment
National Museum of Australia
Transforming a storied vessel into a captivating journey
USS Midway Museum
Main content
We invent intuitive visitor experiences that inspire curiosity.
Our Work
About us
Our partners
Museum of Old and New Art (MONA)
Australian War Memorial
Australian Sports Museum
Smithsonian
Art Gallery of New South Wales
The University of Melbourne
Alcatraz Cruises
Bendigo Art Gallery
Western Australian Museum
National Museum Australia
Australian Stockman's Hall of Fame
What we’re thinking about
Art Processors CEO appointed to Fast Company Impact Council
US & AUS projects honoured with 5 Muse Creative Awards
Art Processors and Embrace Boston Celebrate Dual Silver Win at the Anthem Awards
Finding the Sweet Spot at the National Museum of Women in the Arts
Over to you. What can we invent for your organisation?
Get in touch
Careers
Acknowledgement of Country
In the spirit of reconciliation, we acknowledge the many Traditional Custodians of Country throughout Australia and honour Elders past, present and emerging. We respect their deep, enduring connection to their lands, waterways and surrounding clan groups since time immemorial. We cherish the richness of First Nations Peoples’ artistic and cultural expressions.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.artprocessors.net/privacy-policy:
Main content
Art Processors Pty Ltd (trading as Art Processors) and its related bodies corporate (we, our, us) recognises the importance of protecting the privacy and the rights of individuals in relation to their personal information. This document is our privacy policy and it tells you how we collect and manage your personal information when using this website.
We respect your rights to privacy under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Act) and we comply with all of the Act’s requirements including the
Australian Privacy Principles
in respect of the collection, management and disclosure of your personal information.
What this policy covers.
This policy covers how we treat the information you give us when you visit our website (
Website
) or contact us. This policy does not cover the privacy practices of third parties that we do not own or control. If you are using an app, audio guide or visitor experience that we have designed for one of our clients these third parties have their own privacy and security practices and for your best app, audio guide and visitor experience we encourage you to review their privacy policies.
Disclosure and security of your information.
We do not sell or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason. Your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.
Personal Information.
‘Personal Information’ is information that identifies you as an individual. This is only collected by us if you submit it to us directly. Although it is not necessary to provide us with personal information to use our Website, you may elect to provide your contact details to us, for example, when you subscribe to our newsletter or apply to work with us. By providing this information, you acknowledge that you do so voluntarily.
Information we collect.
Information that we collect generally falls into two categories: (1)
personally identifiable information
and (2)
non-personally identifiable
(sometimes called anonymised data) information collected through technology, which includes tracking information collected as you navigate the website including use of browser “cookies”. How we collect both types of information and why we collect the information is outlined below.
Personally identifiable information
The main purpose for which we may collect and store your Personal Information is to be able to improve our services, contact you or send you our newsletter when you sign up via our Website. The type of information we may collect is:
your name and contact details, including your email address and phone number; and
if you apply to work with us we may collect additional information for e.g. your skills, experience and qualifications.
We will also keep your contact details if you contact us for a particular purpose or where you nominate to specifically allow us to collect your name, email and phone number via our contact page at
https://www.artprocessors.net/contact
. You might send us your personal information when you email us at
hello@artprocessors.net
. We fully comply with applicable marketing laws, including the
Spam Act 2003 (Cth)
. If we send you a newsletter or general information about our business the emails will include an easy to use unsubscribe facility.
Non-personally identifiable information.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (Log Data). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Third Party Services
Google Analytics
We do not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web, however, our Website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use these sites. The tool uses cookies to collect internet log information and general visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate use of our website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. The Google Analytics privacy policy can be found here: Google Analytics:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. .
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. We also use cookies to measure aggregated website traffic patterns.  We use this data so that we can improve our website and provide you with a better website experience. Our cookies do not collect Personal Information. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can set your browser so that your computer does not accept them.
Why do we collect your Personal Information?
If you do not provide us with the personal information described above, we may not be able to provide the requested services to you, either to the same standard or at all. We may not be able to provide you with information about our business or contact you back after you have emailed us. We may be unable to tailor the content of our websites to your preferences and your experience of our Website may not be as enjoyable or useful. For human resources purposes, we use personal information for recruiting, training and managing people that work for us.
Disclosure of your Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information to:
our employees, related bodies corporate, contractors or service providers for the purposes of operation of our website; and
any organisation for any authorised purpose with your express consent.
Accessing and correcting your Personal Information
You may request access to any personal information we hold about you at any time by contacting us (see the details below). Where we hold information that you are entitled to access, we will try to provide you with suitable means of accessing it (for example, by mailing or emailing it to you). There may be instances where we cannot grant you access to the personal information we hold. For example, we may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality. If that happens, we will give you written reasons for any refusal. If you believe that personal information we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, then you may request us to amend it.
International Transfers of your Personal Information.
The global nature of our business means that your Personal Information may be disclosed within the Art Processors group, which has operations in the United States of America.
We may disclose personal information to our related bodies corporate and clients located overseas for some of the purposes listed above. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipients of your Personal Information do not breach the privacy obligations relating to your personal information.
We also use some third party suppliers to help us provide business services, in Australia and other countries. These third parties may have access to or host your Personal Information, but will always do so under our instructions and subject to a contractual relationship. When these third parties are located in territories which may not offer an equivalent level of protection to privacy as that applicable within your country, we will take reasonable steps to verify that your Personal Information receives a reasonable level of protection.
Some of our data hosting and other IT service providers are located overseas and our cloud service providers may store data in several countries.
International Visitors.
Our website is intended for and directed to users in Australia. If you are accessing the website from the European Union, Asia, the US or any other region with local laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use and disclosure that differ from Australian laws, please be advised that through your continued use of our website, is subject to this Privacy Policy and you are transferring your personal information to Australia and you consent to that transfer.
Security
We take reasonable steps to ensure your Personal Information is protected from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. We may hold your information in either electronic or hard copy form. Personal Information is destroyed or de-identified when no longer needed. As our website is linked to the internet, and the internet is inherently insecure, we cannot provide any assurance regarding the security of transmission of information you communicate to us online. We also cannot guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet. Accordingly, any personal information or other information which you transmit to us online is transmitted at your own risk.
Links
Our website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. We make no representations or warranties in relation to the privacy practices of any third party website and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of any third party website. Third party websites are responsible for informing you about their own privacy practices.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, any concerns or a complaint regarding the treatment of your privacy or a possible breach of your privacy, please use the contact link on our Website or contact our Privacy Officer using the details set out below. We will treat your requests or complaints confidentially. Our representative will contact you within a reasonable time after receipt of your complaint to discuss your concerns and outline options regarding how they may be resolved. We will aim to ensure that your complaint is resolved in a timely and appropriate manner.
Please contact us at
Privacy Officer
privacy
@artprocessors.net
Changes to our privacy policy
Our services are evolving and developing. From time to time, we will review and make changes to our Privacy Policy. Any updated versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted on our website and we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy periodically. This policy was last updated on 26 February 2021.
Acknowledgement of Country
In the spirit of reconciliation, we acknowledge the many Traditional Custodians of Country throughout Australia and honour Elders past, present and emerging. We respect their deep, enduring connection to their lands, waterways and surrounding clan groups since time immemorial. We cherish the richness of First Nations Peoples’ artistic and cultural expressions.
Main Navigation
Menu
About us
Our Work
Experiments
Careers
News
Contact
About us
Our People
Contact
Privacy Policy
Close Main Navigation