NEW
ALL
ANDROID
IPHONE
PARTNERS
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
Gametornado is committed to protecting your privacy online. To further this commitment, we have adopted an 
			online privacy policy that guides how we store, collect, and use information collected about you.
What information does Gametornado.com collect?
Gametornado.com may request and/or collect non private information from you when you use Gametornado.com and/or 
			register. For your privacy protection, we ask that you avoid sending us any and all personally identifiable information.
Cookies
Gametornado may use cookies to improve the use of our websites. A "cookie" is a small file that websites often store 
			on a user's computer. We do not use cookies to store personally identifiable information. Storage of cookies on your system provides 
			an easy and convenient method for us to personalize your experience on our websites. For example, cookies allow us to remember your 
			screen name, tell us that you have visited our website before, and may contain information that will make your next visit to our 
			website more enjoyable. Additionally, Gametornado may use cookies and third party vendors to deliver ads related to Gametornado to you 
			while you are surfing other websites. If you would like to opt-out of such Ads, you may visit
https://networkadvertising.org/choices
to opt-out of such use of 	cookies.
We can Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other 
			information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our 
			website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is 
			available at:
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
.
Browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can (re)set your browser to refuse 
			all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent:
Google Chrome:
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the "Clear Browsing Data…" sub-option of the 
			"Tools" menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser’s support feature. Disable future Tracking Technologies by 
			using the same browser controls. Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser’s 
			support feature. (See the "help" section of your browser for more information.)
Internet Explorer:
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the "Internet Options" sub-option of the 
			"Tools" menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser’s support feature. Disable future Tracking Technologies by 
			using the same browser controls. Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser’s 
			support feature. (See the "help" section of your browser for more information.)
Mozilla Firefox:
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the "Clear Recent History…" sub-option of the 
			"History" menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser’s support feature. Disable future Tracking Technologies 
			by using the same browser controls. Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your 
			browser’s support feature. (See the "help" section of your browser for more information.)
IP Addresses
Gametornado may collect your IP address for safety and security purposes.
When you visit our Websites, our servers automatically save your computer's IP address. IP addresses will be 
			collected, along with information about the actual web pages that you visit on the Websites. If you arrive at the Websites via a link 
			from another website, the URL of the linking website and the URL of any website that you link to next will also be collected.
Linking to third party sites
Gametornado may provide links from our Web sites to third party Web sites and we encourage our users to read third 
			party sites' privacy policies before submitting personal information to them. Gametornado assumes no responsibility for the content found 
			on third party websites linked from Gametornado.com. Gametornado hereby disclaims any representations or warranties expressed on any 
			site other than its own site.
Log Files
Other non-personal information collected by Gametornado is in the form of logs - files that record website activity, 
			including how many "hits" a particular web page is getting (a.k.a., "click-through data"). For example, log file entries are 
			generated every time a visitor clicks the "Home" icon on our site. These entries enable Gametornado to assess overall site activity, 
			and improve the general user experience. Through the use of log files, we may also collect certain information about your system 
			such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Internet Explorer) and the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac OS).
Advertisements on Gametornado
Gametornado permits the use of advertising on Gametornado.com by third party advertisers. Some advertising 
			partners may use cookies or similar technologies to better measure campaign effectiveness, target future campaigns and deliver a more 
			targeted experience to users. Advertisers must comply with personal data guidelines, including the Data Protection Act 1998, to ensure 
			our users’ personal data is protected. Additionally, all advertisers are instructed by Gametornado not to display ads with sexual, 
			violent or drug & alcohol related themes. Should you find an inappropriate or offensive advertisement on Gametornado, please 
			notify us by emailing
support123@gametornado.com
. Additionally, third parties may collect certain types of information 
			about your visits to Gametornado, including interaction with content on Gametornado.
General
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Gametornado.com Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to 
			this Privacy Policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Please check back from 
			time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of this site will signify your acceptance. We hope you 
			have a great experience on Gametornado.com. Feel free to contact us on
support123@gametornado.com
.
PRIVACY POLICY
Created by © vlk