Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 01, 2023
Thank you for using My Workout Plan app (“Service”, “app”).
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Usage Data
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Links to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
​
While using Our Service, in order to provide features of Our Service, We may collect, with Your prior permission:
Pictures and other information from your Device's camera and photo library
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to Our servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Workout Data
Workout data information may include, but is not limited to:
Workout information, exercises and activity
Trainings performed
Body measurements
Health Data Integration
With your explicit approval, our app will be able to send workout sessions data to Google Health Connect and Apple Health. This integration is designed solely for the purpose of recording and syncing your workout data and can be turned off in your device settings at any moment
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
Delete your account
You have the option to delete your account, along with all associated data, at any time. There are two methods to initiate the account deletion process:
​
Via the App:
​
Navigate to profile screen.
Make sure you are logged in to your account.
Navigate to settings.
Click on "Delete Account" at the bottom of the page.
​
Via Email:
Send a deletion request to
support@myworkoutplan.app
. Our support team will assist you in the account deletion process.
​
Please note that if you are a subscribed user, ensure to cancel your subscription directly through the respective app store:
​
Cancel Subscription on Google Play
Cancel Subscription on App Store
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of December 01, 2023
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
support@myworkoutplan.app
Delete account
Terms & Conditions
Google API Services
Privacy Policy