CrossCountry app
Get app
Courses
Pro
Toolkit
Features
Pricing
Learn
Articles
Support
Privacy Statement
Respecting your privacy
Updated 28 November 2024 to reflect collection of location data while using the app.
You can instruct us to delete your information completely and permanently by emailing
privacy@crosscountryapp.com
Data deletion options for Android users
here
Our privacy policy adheres to the
European Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) which came into effect on 25 May 2018.
This is a summary.  You can read our full privacy policy
here
When we collect personal data
We collect data when you:
Contact us for support
Purchase products and services such as virtual guided course walks
Make a general enquiry
Upload or Publish a course in our library
Register for our Newsletter
Create a login account for our app or editing Toolkit
Use our Toolkit
Use our app
What we collect
We collect your email address, name, country, role (rider, organiser, coach etc), subscription status and reason for contact.
Do we share it?
Personal information is only supplied to a third party when it is required for the delivery of our services (e.g. to Brevo for newsletters). We will not sell to or otherwise share your personal information with third parties.
How we use the data we collect
We use this data to keep you informed of relevant courses, products and services.
For Toolkit users we track when you create, edit or make public a course. For mobile app users we track when you upload or make a course public. We do this to support you in presenting and promoting your courses and to ensure compliance with our Terms of Use (e.g. no offensive material in the course).
For app users we collect your approximate location. Location coordinates are stored with a precision of two decimal places, making them accurate to the nearest kilometre or so. This allows us to deliver push notifications for relevant content e.g new courses near you, as well as geographically relevant advertising.
Controlling your information
You can see the information we hold about you and update it and unsubscribe via the links in our newsletters
You can instruct us to delete your information completely and permanently by emailing
privacy@crosscountryapp.com
Read our full privacy policy here
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.crosscountryapp.com/files/Privacy%20Policy%20Equimaps%20November%2028%202024.pdf:
