The Experience range
Transform your range
Locations
Talk to us
Alphawave Golf Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Updates
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of online and mobile services, Alphawave may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your personal information, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy, the effective date will be noted at the beginning of this Privacy Policy, and we will ask for your consent to these changes if required by applicable law. Alphawave encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of our Services and/or continued provision of personal information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
In order to use our Services, we collect personal information from you when you register for and use the Services, such as your name, email, password, gender, handicap and photo, for purposes of creating your user profile and account and to provide you with access to certain Services and features. Through your use of our Services, we use certain profile information (e.g. player name, age, sex, skill levels and email address) and also collect and use your current location to allow access to the application, publicly post your activity results and in-game play achievements, such as high scores and rankings, to other users of our Services. We provide the option to take and upload a photo of yourself for use on your profile. Upon your request, we use your contact details to send you information necessary to access your account, such as password reset information.
To enter into certain contests and to use enhanced Alphawave features, such as the ability to track your game progress over time, you may be required to purchase our premium Services. When purchasing our premium Services, we use personal information collected from you (as detailed above) to create your premium account and to grant you access to premium Services, such as premium games and contests, and the ability to track your play history over time. When purchasing the premium Services, we use your contact details to send you your payment confirmation.
Through your use of our Services on your mobile device, such as smartphones and tablets, we also use information we collect automatically, such as device type, IP address, operating system, duration of use, pages visited, and error diagnostic data, in order to improve (e.g., analytics) and customize our Services, provide technical support, detect and prevent fraud and violations of Alphawave’s user policies, and send you Alphawave Services specific to your location such as local tournament information. If you are a registered user on our Services, we also send you transactional messages about your use of our Services, and you will not be able to opt-out of receiving these transactional messages. With your consent, we send push notifications to your mobile device, including game updates and other relevant messages. You can manage push notifications form the "options" or "settings" pages within the Services and/or from your mobile device’s "settings" page. To learn more about how to control the collection of the information we collect about you from your use of the Services, please see the Services Usage Information & Cookies section below.
Service Usage Information & Cookies
Like most websites, this Site tracks the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, pages visited per use, browser type, IP addresses, exit page, duration of use, and operating system type, in order to administer the Site and analyze trends and statistics to evaluate our visitors' preferences and the effectiveness of the Site. We share anonymous, aggregated statistics about visitors to this Site with third parties, and we allow third parties to collect aggregate data through this Site and/or supplier sites accessible from or though this Site for these purposes.
For purposes of collecting the aggregate data mentioned above and for other reasons stated here, this Site uses cookies and related technologies ("cookies") to enhance the browsing and usage experience on our Site. "Cookies" are small files or records that are placed on a visitor's device or browser (by us or a third party provider of ours) to collect information about your activities on our Site. The information captured about your activities on our Site will make it possible for us: (i) to speed navigation and provide you with custom-tailored content; (ii) to remember information you gave to us so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site; (iii) to monitor the effectiveness of certain of our marketing email campaigns; (iv) to monitor the total number of visitors, pages viewed, and banners served on our Site; and (v) to enforce limitations on downloads described for online coupons and other similar offers. If you refuse cookies, your experience on our Site may be affected — for example, you may not be able to utilize all of the functions on this Site. As detailed below, we also allow certain trusted partners to place cookies on our Site and services in order to provide personalized marketing to you.
Advertising
We may use third-party advertising companies to place cookies on our Site and services in order serve ads when you visit our Site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this Site and our services and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Specifically, advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria-for example, people aged 30-50 from a particular geographic area. We do not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted advertisement.
Your Choices
You can review your Internet browser settings, typically under the sections "Help" or "Internet Options" and use our cookie management page to exercise choices you have for certain cookies, including for interest-based advertising. If you disable or delete certain non-essential cookies, you might not be able to access or use important functions or features of this Site or services, and you may be required to re-enter your log-in details. Please note you may also still receive advertisements from the relevant ad serving company you opted out of, but the ads will not be tailored to your interests. For our mobile app, please review your device settings or third party tools available.
Children's Privacy
Alphawave recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. Alphawave's Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. Alphawave does not target Services to children under 13. Further, Alphawave does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If Alphawave has actual knowledge that personal information about a person under the age of 13 has been collected without appropriate parental consent, then Alphawave will take the appropriate steps to delete such information.
Disclosure
We share your personal information with service providers, such as email campaign service providers, for purposes of providing the Services to you, who we require to provide reasonable security for personal information and to only use your personal information on our behalf. We may also share your personal information with our affiliates in connection with the same. If you enter and/or have won a contest offered by us through the premium Services, we collect and use your personal information to provide you prizes and achievements and to comply with any applicable tax regulations and/or any obligations we have in connection with the contests. If you are a contest winner, we share your player name, profile photograph, score and range location with other users of our Services. We also disclose your personal information to any third party service providers who assist us in providing Services to you (such as a payment processor). These service providers will be obligated to use your personal information only to provide the services to us.
We will not sell your personal information to any company or organization except we may transfer your personal information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation, or other corporate reorganization in which Alphawave participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Alphawave's assets to which the Services relates.
Data subject Rights
Where required by applicable law, you have the right to obtain confirmation of the existence of certain personal information relating to you, to verify its content, origin, and accuracy, as well as the right to access, review, obtain a copy, port, delete, or to block or withdraw consent to the processing of certain personal information (without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal), by contacting us as detailed below. Additionally, you have the right to object to our use of personal information for direct marketing at any time. Contact us below for more details. Please note that we need to retain certain personal information as required or permitted by applicable law.
Security
We employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personal information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Alphawave uses password protection, encryption, and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personal information. However, no security measure can guarantee against compromise. You also have an important role in protecting personal information. You should not share your usernames/email addresses and passwords with anyone, and you should not reuse passwords across more than one web site. If you have any reason to believe that your username/email or password have been compromised, please contact us as detailed below.
International Data Transfers
Our computer systems are currently based in South Africa, so your personal information may be processed by us in South Africa, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Economic Area ("EEA"). If you create a user account with the Services or otherwise provide us with personal information, as a visitor from outside South Africa, where permitted by applicable law, by using the Services you consent to the transfer of all such information to South Africa, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in your home country. We provide appropriate protections for cross-border transfers as required by law for international data transfers, including personal information transferred to third parties.
Other Issues
What is the legal basis of processing?
Some jurisdictions require an explanation of the legal basis for the collection and processing of personal information. We have several different legal grounds on which we collect and process personal information, including: (a) as necessary to perform a transaction (such as when we respond to your requests); (b) as necessary to comply with a legal obligation (such as when we use personal information for record keeping to substantiate tax liability); (c) consent (where you have provided consent as appropriate under applicable law, such as for marketing); and (d) necessary for legitimate interests (such as when we act to maintain our business generally). With respect to legitimate interests, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of you which require protection of personal information, such legitimate interests are the fulfilment of the processing purposes described in this Privacy Policy that are not necessary for the performance of a contract or for our compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
What are the consequences of not providing personal information?
You are not required to provide all personal information identified in this Privacy Policy to use the Services, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide personal information. If you do not provide certain personal information, we may not be able to enter you into contests, respond to your requests, or provide you with marketing that we believe you would find valuable.
Do we engage in automated decision-making without human intervention?
We do not use automated decision-making without human intervention, including profiling, in a way that produces legal effects concerning you or otherwise significantly affects you.
Does the Site honor do not track (DNT) signals sent via browsers?
Given the divergent practices of organizations that offer browsers and the lack of a standard in the marketplace, we generally do not respond to DNT signals at this time.
How long do we retain personal information?
We typically retain personal information related to marketing activities for as long as you accept marketing communications from us, and we will securely delete such data in accordance with applicable law upon request. For personal information that we collect and process for other purposes, we typically retain such personal information for no longer than for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and as otherwise needed to address tax, corporate, compliance, litigation, and other legal rights and obligations.
Questions
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at:
caddy@inrangegolf.com
or by mail at:
18 Techno Avenue, Technopark
Stellenbosch 7600
South Africa
This Privacy Policy was last updated: [August 3, 2018]
This Privacy Policy is effective as of: [May 25, 2018]
Copyright of Alphawave Golf and inrange. All rights reserved.
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
functionality, experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept all” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all