iCam365 offers a smart device that integrates both hardware and software. The device includes smart cameras and video doorbells, used in conjunction with the mobile app (hereinafter referred to as the "App"). Through the App, you can manage and view real-time and historical videos from the device and use features such as image and video alerts, sound alerts, and voice intercom.
We value your trust and are committed to protecting your personal information. In accordance with industry standards, we will take security measures to protect this information. This privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") will explain how we handle your personal and device information, and how we provide you with ways to access, update, delete, and protect your information.
Please read this policy carefully before using the App. Your use of the product implies your acceptance of this policy. If you have any questions, please contact us through the contact information provided in this policy.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
How we collect and use your personal information
How we store your personal information
How we protect your personal information
Your rights to manage personal information
Protection of minors' personal information
Changes and revisions to the privacy policy
How to contact us
Effectiveness of the privacy policy
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
1. We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with this policy
which includes your sensitive information such as images, call records, and purchase records. Please refer to the function description section for detailed purposes. As the disclosure of this information may affect your security and privacy, we will encrypt the sensitive information you agree to provide to ensure information security.
The details of the purpose and uses of collecting and using your information are as follows:
To Implement the Main Features of the Camera
Core functions refer to the basic functions that support the normal operation and service provision of the App. If you do not agree to the collection and use of your personal information necessary for providing services, you will not be able to use this product.
Registering and Deregistering an Account: After installing the camera App on your phone, you need to register or log in to an iCam365 account to use it. During registration, device-related information such as device model, operating system, and unique device identifiers may be collected to identify the device and associate accounts. Basic personal information obtained from third-party services (such as Google, Facebook, Twitter) includes nickname, avatar, account ID, and email address. When you deregister your iCam365 account, we will stop using and delete the above information or anonymize your personal information.
Device Binding: After logging in to the App, you can connect the smart hardware device through sound waves. For this, we need to obtain your location information (for WiFi lists), WiFi network information, device and phone status, device model, mobile operator, operating system information, and local storage. This information is uploaded to our server to prevent unauthorized access and protect your information security. You can unbind the device and delete related personal information through "Settings->Delete Device."
Video Viewing and Management: After binding the device, you can view real-time and historical videos from the device through the App, and save or share them via third-party applications. We do not obtain any third-party application information when you share. By connecting to WiFi and logging in to the App, and using the "Cloud Video" service or inserting a memory card, you can manage historical videos through the App.
Cloud Video: While the device is connected to the Internet, recorded videos will be encrypted and uploaded to our server for cross-device synchronization and protection, with videos retained for up to 30 days. Please note, videos captured by the device may include facial features of yourself and others. Please understand the associated responsibilities and rights when using the device to protect privacy. Videos are an important personal privacy, and we will strictly encrypt and store them, not sharing or using them for other purposes.
Card Storage: Videos are stored only on the local device and not uploaded to the server. Please keep your device secure.
To Implement Additional Features of the iCam365 Smart Camera
Additional features are non-core functions that you can choose to enable. If not enabled, we do not collect your personal information. You can turn off additional features at any time through a designated path, and upon doing so, we will stop collecting your information without affecting the use of the core functions of the App.
Screenshot Recording: This feature allows you to take a screenshot of the video when viewing the recorded video from the camera. You can view the recorded screenshots and photos in the "Album" on your phone. Your screenshot recordings will be uploaded to the server for synchronized viewing on different devices. We will not use your screenshot recordings elsewhere, nor will we share them with third parties.
Image Detection: We will identify images recorded by the smart hardware device to enable abnormal motion detection alerts and ensure the safety of your family. You can view captured abnormal motion detections and related videos in front of the smart hardware device. Also, you can choose whether to enable or disable notifications and detection in camera settings.
Device Sharing: You can share smart devices and invite friends to share smart hardware devices.
After being invited, users can only view the real-time recordings and all alarm message records from the smart hardware device. You can manage the invited family member list in "Settings->Share."
Purchase of Value-Added Services: For example, when purchasing cloud video service functionality, you can watch and save historical videos through the App. For purchases, you may use a third-party payment method. We only obtain product name, order number, amount, and payment status to provide the service, without collecting your third-party payment account information.
To Improve Our Products and Services
Product Improvement and Optimization: To improve products and reduce crashes, we collect the following information about your phone and bound device: IMEI, MAC address, operator, phone model, system version, resolution, connection type, and App name, version, use time, frequency, and crash logs. This information is used to count the number of users, analyze usage, and optimize features and does not include personally identifiable information.
Feedback and Consultation: You can provide feedback or consult issues encountered when using the App through the customer service within the App. When providing feedback or consulting, we will analyze your current device information to identify the cause of issues and strive to resolve them. You can also email us with feedback at
support@tange.ai
.
Security Assurance
To enhance security and protect personal and property safety, we may integrate your account, device, and App usage information, and authorized affiliated company information, to prevent phishing, fraud, and network attacks, and to identify violations. We will conduct identity verification, detect and handle security incidents, and take necessary recording and analysis measures.
Exceptions to Obtained Authorized Consent
Relating to national security and defense;
Relating to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Relating to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and judgment execution;
For protecting significant legal rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, but difficult to obtain personal consent;
Personal information that you disclose to the public;
Personal information collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure channels;
Necessary for signing a contract requested by you;
Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided product or service, such as discovering and handling faults of the product or service;
Necessary for legitimate news reporting;
Necessary for academic research institutions to perform statistical or academic research based on public interest, and when providing academic research or description results to the public, the personal information contained in the results will be processed for de-identifying;
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Collection of Information
To allocate servers nearby and improve overall user access speed, we will collect your IP address.
To identify your device ID, improve service timeliness, security, and guarantee operational quality and efficiency, we will collect your device information serial number (including IMEI, MEID, AndroidID, IMSI, GUID, MAC address), and information or processes of installed applications running.
2.How We Store Your Personal Information
Information we collect domestically will be stored on domestic servers and will not involve cross-border transmission. If cross-border transfer is required, it will comply with laws and regulations, and we will seek your consent in advance, providing details on the destination and purpose of data transmission. We utilize encryption and anonymization technologies to protect your information.
Your information is stored only for the minimum necessary period, in accordance with legal requirements. The storage period for cloud video recordings depends on the purchased plan; they will no longer be stored after usage stops. If you stop using the App or unbind a device, we will cease data collection and anonymize your information within a reasonable time frame.
If we cease operations of iCam products or services, we will immediately stop data collection and inform you via notice or announcement, deleting or anonymizing stored information.
3.How We Protect Your Personal Information
We use industry-standard security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, alteration, damage, or loss.
3.1 We place great importance on information security and have obtained ISO 27001 certification.
3.2 Access control is deployed on the server side, with minimum authorization and regular audits of access lists and records.
3.3 Servers are fortified with security systems, account audits, and monitoring. If a security issue is found, we upgrade the system immediately.
3.4 If protective measures are compromised, we will initiate an emergency plan, report to the competent authority, and promptly inform you of the event details and response measures.
4.Your Rights to Manage Personal Information
While using the App, you can access and manage your personal information in the following ways:
4.1 Access and Correct Your Personal Information
You can change your account name and password in the App's account settings.
4.2 Cancel Your Personal Account
You can log in to the App, go to Account Settings -> Other Account Settings -> Cancel Account to cancel your iCam account. Please note, if you choose to cancel your iCam account, it will no longer be usable, and related account information will be cleared. You will not be able to log in or use iCam’s product features and services through the iCam account (but this will not affect services and functions that do not require account login).
Once you cancel your account, unless required by laws and regulations to retain specific information, we will stop providing you with related products or services, and delete or anonymize your personal information within 10 business days.
4.3 Withdraw Your Consent or Authorization
In the App, you can withdraw your consent and authorization as follows:
You can go to "Settings -> App Settings -> iCam365 -> Permission Management" on your phone to manage permissions you have granted to the iCam365 smart camera and withdraw your consent and authorization for the iCam smart camera App.
Through the specific closure paths and methods described in the "1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information" module of this policy, you can disable related features or unbind smart hardware devices. Disabling constitutes withdrawal of authorization for that feature.
Please understand that each functional service requires some basic personal information to be completed (as noted in Section 1 of this policy). Once you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide the services related to your withdrawn consent or authorization, nor will we process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw consent does not affect the processing of your personal information previously conducted based on your authorization.
4.4 Respond to Your Requests
To ensure security, you might need to provide a written request or otherwise verify your identity. We may require you to verify your identity before processing your request. Please understand that due to legal regulations, security considerations, or technical constraints, certain information may not be accessible, modifiable, or deletable.
5. Protection of Minors' Personal Information
This product is not specifically designed for minors. We value the privacy rights of minors and are committed to complying with relevant privacy laws and regulations. Minors under the age of 18 must obtain consent and authorization from themselves or their guardians when using this product. If you are a parent or guardian and have questions regarding the personal information of the child you are responsible for, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Section 7 of this policy.
6. Changes and Revisions to the Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy may change. Without your explicit consent, we will not limit your rights granted by this privacy policy.
For significant changes to this privacy policy, we will provide a prominent notice (for example, through a pop-up notification when the App is updated or you log in again). Significant changes to this policy include, but are not limited to:
Major changes in our service model, such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and how personal information is used;
Significant changes in ownership or management rights, such as those arising from mergers or reorganizations;
Changes in the main entities to which personal information is shared, transferred, or disclosed;
Significant changes to your rights to participate in personal information processing and how you can exercise those rights;
Changes in the department responsible for handling personal information security, contact information, or complaint channels;
If a personal information security impact assessment report indicates high risk.
7. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, or complaints regarding our privacy policy or the handling of your personal information, please contact us in the following way:
Email:
support@tange.ai
. Generally, we will respond to your request within 5 business days.
Note: For device-related questions, please indicate the “
device ID
” in the email so that we can troubleshoot the problem more quickly.
8. Effectiveness of the Privacy Policy
The update date for this policy version is November 14, 2024, and it will officially take effect on September 7, 2022.