Introduction
THE PROFESSIONAL DARTS CORPORATION LIMITED
is a registered company with company number 03473679 and registered address at Mascalls Mascalls Lane, Great Warley, Brentwood, Essex, CM14 5LJ with VAT no: 708025949 and data registration no: A8435593 (
"PDC", "we", "us", "our"
).
In legal terms, under the General Data Protection Regulation and other applicable data protection law ("
Data Protection Legislation
"), we are the data controller, as we determine the means and/or purposes of the processing of your personal data. We shall be accountable for and able to demonstrate our compliance with our obligations with any relevant Data Protection Legislation. You agree to contact us using the details provided below if you have any concerns that we are in any way not complying with Data Protection Legislation and we shall do our best to promptly provide you with any reassurances that you require (or amend our practices, if (acting reasonably) we deem necessary). For clarity, this policy applies to all services and obligations provided by the PDC and its affiliates. As a result, any reference to the PDC in this policy includes a reference to World Series of Darts Limited.
Our Company Secretary is our data protection manager. If you have any questions or comments, please let us know by contacting us at: Mascalls Mascalls Lane, Great Warley, Brentwood, Essex, CM14 5LJ or privacy@pdc.tv.
This policy explains:
What personal data we collect and how we use it;
The legal basis for processing your personal data;
Where we collect information about you from;
How we keep your data safe and who has access;
Your responsibilities in keeping your information up to date;
Your rights to know what we know about you, make changes or ask us to stop using your data;
Our commitment to safeguarding children's personal data; and
How we handle any changes to this policy.
What personal data we collect and how we use it
If you access one of our websites, use the official PDC app, create an account with us, contact us, sign up to watch a competition or attend one of our events, engage with us on social media platforms,  and/or otherwise interact or communicate with us, we will usually collect:
Your name.
Your contact details.
Your date of birth.
Your bank or credit card details.
Your marketing and/or communications data.
Technical  data (e.g. your IP address, MAC address and other device identifiers; your clickstream to, through and from one of our websites (including date and time); pages you viewed or searched for; length of visits to certain pages; page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); methods used to browse away from the page.
Media Data, such as images from photographs and video footage of crowds and fans and other media content created by us (or on our behalf) at competitions and events or provided by you for our use.
Not all of the list above will necessarily apply to you - it depends on your particular interaction and communications with us
We will mainly use your data to:
Provide you with the services, products or information you ask for.
Keep a record of your relationship with us.
Run competitions and promotions. We may use any personal data you have submitted to an entry (for example, a photograph) in order for us to administer contests, prize draws or other promotions including selecting the winners, delivering the prizes and publishing the results (as required by UK advertising regulations). Therefore, we use this data on the basis that it is necessary for us to be able to perform our agreement with you (i.e. the terms and conditions of the relevant promotion) and in order that we can comply with a legal obligation. If we want to use the personal data for any other purpose we will notify you and, if necessary, seek your consent at that time.
Manage your marketing preferences. We shall inform you of news, offers, events, competitions and promotions by specified media which may be of interest to you and/ or we provide such data to our commercial partners so that they can do this. We give you the option of providing opt-in consent to receive different kinds of direct marketing communications from us or these third parties or deciding not to do so.
OPT-ING OUT:
You can withdraw your consent and opt-out of marketing communications from us at any time by updating your Email Preferences (where you have signed up to our website) following the instructions provided to you in the relevant communication (for example, the 'unsubscribe' link in an email). We may still need to send service emails to you from time to time. If you have chosen to receive communications directly from a commercial partner, you will be consenting to us passing the data to them to use in accordance with their privacy policy, to which we provide links on our website, so you should contact them directly if you no longer wish to receive their communications.
We do not sell or share personal details to third parties for the purposes of marketing.  But, if we run an event/competition in partnership with another named organisation and/or where organisations provide services on our behalf your details may need to be shared and, as a result, that third party may send you a message. Also, if you request to receive marketing/information from a third party as part of entering a competition, your information will be shared with that agreed partner. We will be clear about what will happen to your data when you register.
Understand how we can improve our websites, services, events or communications.
If you enter your details onto one of our online forms, and you don’t ‘send’ or ‘submit’ the form, we may contact you to see if we can help with any problems you may be experiencing with the form or our websites.
The legal basis for processing your personal data
We obtain individual consent to certain of our activities.
We process data that we need to process for the purposes of performing contractual obligations to data subjects.
We have a legitimate interest in processing personal data for marketing and other purposes connected with our business, which we do not consider is overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject concerned.
Where we collect information about you from
We collect information in the following ways:
When you give it to us or our partners directly.
You may give us or our partners (on our behalf) your information in order to sign up for one of our events, purchase our products or communicate with us.  Sometimes when you come to an event, your information is collected by an organisation working for us (for example, SeeTickets when purchasing your ticket), but we are responsible for your data at all times.
When you give permission to other organisations to share it.
Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook, YouTube, Instagram or Twitter, you might give us permission to access information from those accounts or services.
When we collect it as you use our websites or apps.
Like most websites, we use “cookies” to help us make our site – and the way you use it – better. Cookies mean that a website will remember you. They’re small text files that sites transfer to your computer (or phone or tablet). They make interacting with a website faster and easier – for example by automatically filling your name and address in text fields. There are more details on our cookie usage here:
https://www.pdc.tv/cookie-policy
.
In addition, the type of device you’re using to access our websites or apps (e.g. PDC Darts Match) and the settings on that device may provide us with information about your device, including what type of device it is, what specific device you have, what operating system you’re using, what your device settings are, and why a crash has happened. Your device manufacturer or operating system provider will have more details about what information your device makes available to us.
How we keep your data safe and who has access
We ensure that there are appropriate technical controls in place to protect your personal details; including passwords and access restrictions.
We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and contractors.
We use external companies to collect or process personal data on our behalf. We do comprehensive checks on these companies before we work with them, and put a contract in place that sets out our expectations and requirements.
We may sometimes share your personal data with other entities within our group for administrative purposes (including World Series of Darts Limited and Matchroom Sport Limited).
We may also disclose your personal data to our commercial partners where you have consented or requested that we do so. For example, when you enter a competition or sweepstake which is a joint promotion, or you request to receive certain marketing communications. You will be given clear information in each case before we disclose share your personal data.
Some of our suppliers run their operations outside the European Economic Area (EEA).  Although they may not be subject to the same data protection laws as companies based in the UK, we will take steps to make sure they provide an adequate level of protection in accordance with UK data protection law. By submitting your personal information to us (or our partners on our behalf) you agree to this transfer, storing or processing at a location outside the EEA. If you would like further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EU you can contact us using the details provided in this policy.
We may, in exceptional circumstances, need to disclose your details if required to the police, regulatory bodies or our legal advisors or in the event of a re-organisation of our legal or ownership structure.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may share aggregate or de-identified information with third parties for research, marketing, analytics and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual and the individual cannot be re-identified.
Your responsibilities in keeping your information up to date
We really appreciate it if you let us know if your contact details change. You can do that by updating your Email Preferences and contact details (where you have signed up to our website).
We
will hold your personal data only for so long as we deem reasonably necessary to provide you with the services you have requested or to perform the purpose for which it was originally collected, after which it may be deleted, unless it is necessary for us to continue to process it in order to comply with any legal obligations to which we are subject or for another legitimate and lawful purpose.
Your rights to know what we know about you, make changes or ask us to stop using your data
You have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or to restriction of processing concerning you or to object to our processing of the data as well as the right to data portability. If you want to access your information, please send a description of the information you want to see and proof of your identity by post to our Company Secretary. We do not accept these requests by e-mail. If you would like to stop us processing your personal data, and if it’s not necessary for the purpose you provided it to us for (e.g. registering you for an account) we will do so.  Contact us on
privacy@pdc.tv
if you have any concerns.
If you have any questions please send these to
privacy@pdc.tv
,
and for further information see the Information Commissioner’s guidance
here
. This is an external link.  You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office about the manner in which or otherwise in respect of the manner in which we process your personal data.
Your provision of personal data to us may be a contractual or legal requirement. If you do not supply your personal data to us we may not be able to provide the services to you.
Our commitment to safeguarding children's personal data
If you are aged 13 or under (a
"child"
), we will require permission from your parent, carer or person with parental responsibility in order for you to register for an account on any of our websites.
How we handle any changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time.  If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on the website or by contacting you directly.
Service Providers
Lucra
Lucra is the leading technology provider of gamification services. Visitor data is used for identity verification and transactions within the platform, which is necessary to comply with legal obligations. More information can be found in Lucra's privacy policy, available at
lucrasports.com/pages/privacy-policy.html