Smarter
competency & compliance management
.
Real-time compliance automation, 24/7 onboarding & training, faster supply chain qualification—all enabling a safer and more productive workforce at the point of service.
Book Your Demo
Smarter
Competency & Compliance Management
Real-time compliance automation, 24/7 onboarding & training, faster supply chain qualification - all enabling a safer and more productive workforce at the point of service
See our Demo
Login
Trusted by 220,000 users across leading companies
Dan O'Brien
Siemens Energy
Real-time
skills gap analysis.
Track and monitor gaps in your compliance by job role, project, customer or business unit.
This market-leading feature will allow your business to know exactly what skillsets your staff have—or more importantly, have not.
80% reduction in administration time for HSEQ and Ops teams.
Faster
onboarding and inductions.
Create and digitise inductions, onboarding forms, Tool Box talks and other e-learning courses through Skillko.
Ensure completion compliance with our digital sign-off and photo verification features.
68% in efficiency gains in onboarding and induction processes.
Smarter
training management.
Ensure one central source of truth for all employee training records.
The Resource Training & Compliance platform provides a digital training matrix and individual staff user profiles.
100% compliance gains in direct and supply chain training.
Remove duplication
Completely remove duplication of work between HSEQ, Ops and Finance teams.
10x faster
Onboard contractors up to 10 times faster than separate apps, paper and spreadsheets.
Reduce administration
Remove up to 80% of administration time for onboarding contractors.
Sinead Gaines
EQHS Manager, PJ Hegarty & Sons
Join the ranks of leading companies across utilities, construction, logistics, and facilities, transforming their workforce and supply chain.
Get started today and take the first step towards more compliant, skilled, and efficient teams and contractors. Book your discovery demo now.
Book Your Demo