We Create
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 04/12/2021
Zephyrmobile, spol. s r.o
,
and affiliated companies
(collectively “Zephyrmobile,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in connection with your use of our website, www.zephyrmobile.com (the “Website(s)”), applications (“Apps”) and other products, services and features thereof (the Website, the Apps and such other products, services and features are collectively referred to herein as the “Product” or “Products”, which may be updated from time-to-time at the sole discretion of Zephyrmobile). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, secure, and/or disclose end-users’ (“you” or “your”) or otherwise process your personal information when you use our Products.
Each time you use our Products the current version of the Privacy Policy applies, and you agree that the personal data we collect will be subject to the Privacy Policy, as updated This Privacy Policy may change so you should review it regularly.
Zephyrmobile is a data controller with a registered address: Zephyrmobile, spol. s r.o., Blanická 590/3, 120 00 Praha, Czech Republic
What Data We Collect
When you use our Products, we may collect data, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you  (“Personal Data”, or “data” or “information”). Your information may be kept in an identifiable format, or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified from it. The Personal Data we collect includes:
Data received from you:
you may provide us Personal Data voluntarily, such as when you contact us (through Facebook, Messenger, e-mail or any other channel, including any support services), when you post on our public forums or groups, when you place any purchases in any of our Products, when you interact with other users or when you choose to connect your Facebook or Google account to any of our Products.
Data automatically collected or generated:
when someone visits, interacts with, or uses our Products, we may collect or generate technical data about them. We collect or generate such data either independently or with the help of third-party services (as detailed in Apendix A). Such data consists of connectivity, technical or aggregated usage data, such as IP address, unique advertising ID, non-identifying data regarding a device, operating system, browser or App version, mobile carrier, locale and language settings, user activity on our Products, and in-App or Game events. We do not use such data to learn a person’s true identity or contact details, but mostly to have a better understanding of how our users typically use and engage with our Products. The use of such technical and device data also helps us and our partners to deliver interest-based or otherwise more effective advertisements and content, to optimize our ad management and our users’ viewing experience), and to improve the overall performance and your user experience of our Products.
Data received from Facebook and third-parties:
If you use our Products on Facebook, we may receive any of the information you provide or permit to be provided to us via Facebook. Such information may include your user ID and your use of our game, including with whom you share our game on Facebook and your email address in case you wish to contact us for support. The information we receive depends on the Products you are using, Facebook’s terms of service and privacy policy, your privacy settings, and, if applicable, your friends’ privacy settings. If you are uncertain about what information Facebook is sharing with us, please go to Facebook’s website to find out more about Facebook’s privacy practices. The information we receive from Facebook and other third parties is stored and used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may receive information about you from our third-party service providers, who collect this information through our Products in accordance with their own privacy policies. A list of the third parties that operate in our Products can be found the Appendix A below.
Why We Collect Your Data
We will use your Personal Data as necessary for the performance of our Products; for complying with applicable law; and based on our legitimate interests in maintaining and improving our Products understanding how our Products are used, serving effective advertisements within our Products, improving our customer service and support operations, and protecting and securing our users, ourselves and our Products.
Accordingly, we use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Products, recognize you when you return to our apps, and perform the essential business operations, our legal basis for processing is the performance of a contract with you which you entered into with us when you download our Products and accept our End User License Agreement.
To administer and protect our Products (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, support, fraud, reporting, and hosting of data). Our legal basis for processing is legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration, and services.
To communicate with you about any support requests, and to understand how you use our Products so that we can continuously improve our offerings. Our legal basis is the performance of a contract, legitimate interests, or consent depending on the particular case to keep our users updated about our Products and our new features in accordance with your preference, and to continue to improve the Products we offer.
To cross-advertise our Products and to send push notifications for changes in our Products, to allow you to participate in new features of our Products when you choose to do so. Our legal basis is legitimate interests to be able to advertise our Products to our users and keep our users updated about our Products and our new features in accordance with your preference.
You can opt-out of receiving push notifications by turning them off at the device level through the settings of the device.
To serve personalized advertisements in our Products using third-party advertising networks. Our legal basis is legitimate interests to run our business. However, if you are in the European Economic Area, Norway or Switzerland, some of our third-party
advertising networks
, will rely on your consent to process Personal Data in order to provide personalized advertising to you, therefore you will be asked whether you consent to the collection of your mobile device advertising identifier and IP address so that they can provide a personalized advertisement experience.
To opt-out or withdraw your consent from receiving personalized advertisements, see the “Opt-out of targeted advertising” section below.
To use user-generated content that has been provided by you and such content includes Personal Data. Our legal basis is consent which is obtained directly by you from the medium (e.g. e-mail, social networks, social platforms) used to obtain such content.
You may withdraw your consent by providing us with written notice by email at
erasemeGDPR@zephyrmobile.com
To respond to legal proceedings and other obligations or requirements under applicable law.
How We Retain Your Personal Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Information for internal analysis purposes. Usage Information is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to improve the functionality of our Products, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Your Personal Data collected through our Products will be deleted when they no longer serve one of the above-mentioned purposes but in any event, your Personal Data will be deleted after 14 months of inactivity in your use of our Products. Once we have deleted your Personal Data, you will not be able to exercise the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification or the right to data portability.
Your Rights and Options
Access Personal Data we hold about you
You have the right to request access to your Personal Data collected through our Products. Following your request, we will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in an electronic format.
Other rights
You also have other rights such as to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You also have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your Personal Data, for example by turning off camera access in your mobile device settings. This will not affect any data processed before such withdrawal.
Opt-out of targeted advertising
To show you personalized advertisements in our apps we use third-party advertising networks and their partners, including those that need your consent and listed in Appendix A below, to deliver advertisements that are tailored to you based on a determination of your characteristics or interests. To do so they use personal and non-personal information such as advertising identifiers, such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple’s ID for advertising (IDFA), and/or other tracking technologies to enable and optimize this advertising procedure.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device.
For
iOS Devices:
Open Settings
Select Privacy
Select Advertising and enable “Limit Ad Tracking”
For
Android Devices:
Open Settings
Select Google
Select Ads and enable “Opt out of Ads Personalization”
When you choose to opt-out, advertising networks will consider this choice as a withdrawal of consent to personalized advertisement experience and they will show contextual advertisements and not personalized advertisements based on your interests. Note: Irrespective of your choice and/or your device settings, you will continue to see non-customized advertising (e.g. “contextual” advertising) and you may continue to receive personalized ads from our third-party ad networks that obtain your consent on other apps and/or websites. For more information go to Appendix A below.
Data Sharing
We may share your data with certain third parties, including law enforcement agencies, our service providers and our affiliates – but only in accordance with this policy:
Compliance with Laws, Legal Orders and Authorities
: We may disclose or allow government and law enforcement officials access to certain Personal Data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or court order (or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including for national security purposes. Such disclosure or access may occur with or without notice to you, if we have a good faith belief that we are legally compelled to do so, or that disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing.
Service Providers and Business Partners
: We may engage selected third party companies and individuals to perform services complementary to our own (e.g. hosting services, data analytics services, marketing agencies and advertising services and tools, data and cyber security services, fraud detection and prevention services, payment processing services, user engagement services, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording, and our business, legal, financial and compliance advisors) (collectively, “
Service Providers
“). These Service Providers may have access to your Personal Data, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating and complementing our Services, and may only use it for such purposes.
Third Party Integrations:
The Products allow you integrate with certain third party services, such as in order to connect your Facebook account or to place purchases, in which case you will be bound by the terms and conditions and privacy notices of said third parties (e.g., Apple, Google or Facebook) – so please make sure that you read and accept them in advance. We do not receive or store your passwords for any of these third party services.
Protecting Rights and Safety
: We may share your Personal Data with others, with or without notice to you, if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Zephyrmobile, any of our users or any members of the general public.
Zephyrmobile Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
: We may share Personal Data internally within our family of companies, for the purposes described in this Policy. In addition, should Zephyrmobile or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all of its assets, your Personal Data may be shared with the parties involved in such event. If we believe that such change in control might materially affect your Personal Data then stored with us, we will notify you of this event and the choices you may have via e-mail and/or prominent notice on our Products.
For the removal of doubt, Zephyrmobile may share your Personal Data in additional manners, pursuant to your explicit approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered such data non-personal.
How We Protect Your Data
The security and confidentiality of your information are very important to us, so we take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic, and procedural measures) to help safeguard your information from unauthorized access and disclosure. Please know that, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Our Products and some of our Service Providers utilize “cookies”, anonymous identifiers, and other tracking technologies that help us provide and improve our Products, personalize your experience and monitor the performance of our activities and campaigns, as well as the usage of our Products.
A “cookie” is a small text file that is used, for example, to collect data about activity on our Products. Some cookies and other technologies serve to recall Personal Data, such as an IP address, previously indicated by the user. For example, we may use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you do not have to set them up every time you use our Products. Some of the cookies we use are associated with your account (including personal information about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other cookies are not.
While we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from a browser or mobile application, most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. However, we cannot guarantee that our Products will fully operate should you choose to block cookies. For example, any preferences you may have defined on our Products will not be saved.
Age Limits
We appreciate the need to provide extra privacy protections to users who are children. Our Products are intended for general audiences over the age of 16 years. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age. In order to request the deletion of Personal Data, for any reason, please use the in-app support feature in our Products or contact us at the address provided below and we will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such Personal Data from our records.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) gives you the right to request disclosure of information that we collect about you, to delete that information, and to opt-out of the sale of your personal information (if we sell such information). This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process of handling those requests. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable information to verify your identity before we process your request.
Right to know
You may submit once a year, free of charge, a verifiable request to disclose what personal information we collect about you. You may also submit your request via e-mail at
erasemeGDPR@zephyrmobile.com
Right to delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information we collected and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your consumer request, we will delete your personal information from our records. However, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers under certain circumstances, which will be explained to you at the time of the denial, if any. Should you wish any information about you deleted, submit your request via e-mail at
erasemeGDPR@zephyrmobile.com
.
Right to opt-out
You have the right to opt-out of “sale” of your personal information, as defined by the CCPA. In certain circumstances, we may share your information with our partners, who help us deliver advertisements in our games tailored to your interests. To learn what information we collect and how we share it with third parties for advertising purposes, please, read Appendix A.
If you would prefer that your personal information is not shared with third parties in this way, you can
opt-out of interest-based advertising.
Right to be free from discrimination
We may not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: (i) deny your our Products; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for our Products; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of Products; (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for Products or a different level or quality of Products.
Authorized agents
You may exercise your CCPA rights by designating an authorized agent. If you would like to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please, be sure that the agent can (i) demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit a request on your behalf and (ii) provide proof of his or her own identity. We reserve the right to require further reasonable information to verify the request. If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we may deny the request.
Contact Us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, you can contact us at
erasemeGDPR@zephyrmobile.com
Appendix A. List of Partners
Advertising networks and their partners
Below, you can find a list with our third-party advertising networks and their partners, with whom we work to provide you our Products, including a personalized advertisement experience within our Products.
In order to provide our Products, including personalized advertisements to our users, those listed below use device information that includes personal and non-personal information, such as advertising (or ad) identifiers, IP address regarding the delivery of advertisements and your interaction with them and/or other tracking technologies to enable and optimize this advertising procedure. Ad identifiers are non-permanent device identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple’s ID for advertising (IDFA).
AppLovin
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Limited (Ireland)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AdMob by Google and their partners
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc. (US) For more information on how AdMob uses the collected information, please visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
For more information on AdMob Partners, please  visit:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by  Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
AdColony
AdColony is an advertising service provided by AdColony, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Amazon Advertising
Amazon Advertising is an advertising service provided by Amazon.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201909010&ref_=footer_privacy
Facebook Audience Network
Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Fyber
Fyber is an advertising service provided by Fyber Group. (Israel)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
IronSource
IronSource is an advertising service provided by IronSource, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
InMobi
InMobi is an advertising service provided by InMobi Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
MoPub and their partners
MoPub is provided by MoPub, Inc. (US) For more information on what information MoPub collects and how it’s used, please read MoPub Privacy Policy:
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
For more information on MoPub Partners, please visit:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
You can opt-out from MoPub service by following the instructions on MoPub Opt-out page:
http://www.mopub.com/optout
/
Ogury
Ogury’s privacy Policy:
Privacy Policy – Ogury
Pinterest
Pinterest is an advertising service provided by Pinterest Europe Limited (Ireland)
Privacy Policy:
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Smaato and their vendors
Smaato is an advertising service provided by Smaato, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Snapchat
Snapchat is an advertising service provided by Snap Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is an advertising service provided by Unity Ads Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Liftoff
Liftoff is an advertising service provided by Liftoff Mobile, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Vungle
Vungle is provided by Vungle, Inc. (US) You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
TikTok
TikTok is an advertising service provided by TikTok Pte. Ltd (Singapore)
Privacy policy:
https://www.tiktok.com/en/privacy-policy
Analytics service providers
We use your information to perform our own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties. We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving the Services, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations. In order to learn about how your information is used by our analytics service providers, you can follow the hyperlinks in the list below to each provider’s privacy notice.
Adjust
Adjust is analytics service provided by Adjust GmbH (Germany)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/
AppFigures
AppFigures is an analytics service provided by AppFigures, Inc. (US).
Privacy Policy:
https://appfigures.com/privacy
Facebook Ads conversion
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on the Services.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc. (US) You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
DigitalOcean
DigitalOcean is a cloud infrastructure provider provided by DigitalOcean, Inc.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 3
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201909010&ref_=footer_privacy:
Main content
Search
ALT
+
/
Basket
shift
+
ALT
+
C
Home
shift
+
ALT
+
H
Orders
shift
+
ALT
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
ALT
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
Find more solutions
Security and Privacy
›
Legal Policies
›
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: 1 August, 2024
To see prior version, click
here
.
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate
            your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes
            how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices,
            products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this
            Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services").
Controllers of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Advertising?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
Contacts, Notices and Revisions
Related Practices & Information
Examples of Information Collected
1. Controllers of Personal Information
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL, and Amazon Media EU SARL, all three at 38
            avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg and Amazon Digital UK Limited of 1 Principal
            Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA, UK (together "Amazon Europe") are data controllers
            of personal information collected and processed through Amazon Services. Details can
            be found
here
.
2. What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our
                  products and services.
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
Information you give us:
we receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information
                        but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
Automatic information:
we automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of
                        Amazon Services including your interaction with content and services available through
                        Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use cookies and other unique identifiers and
                        we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon
                        Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon Europe on other websites.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect.
Information from other sources:
we might receive information about you from other sources such as updated delivery
                        and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and
                        deliver your next purchase more easily. Click
here
to see examples of the information we receive.
3. For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
We process your personal information to operate, provide, and improve the Amazon Services
                  that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services.
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and
                  services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services,
                  and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services.
We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyse performance, fix
                  errors, and improve usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalisation.
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that
                  might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalise your experience
                  with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services
. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we process your voice input,
                  images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide
                  the requested service to you, and improve our Amazon services. For more information
                  about Alexa voice services click
here
.
Comply with legal obligations.
In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.
                  For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment
                  and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
Communicate with you.
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services
                  via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat).
Advertising.
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products,
                  and services that might be of interest to you. To learn more, please read our
Interest-Based Ads notice
.
Fraud prevention and credit risks.
We process personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to
                  protect the security of our customers, Amazon Europe, and others. We may also use
                  scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for which we seek your consent.
We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                  purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                  information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                  we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
4. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
We use cookies and similar tools to enhance your shopping experience, provide our
            services, understand how customers use our services so we can make improvements, and
            display ads. Approved third parties also use these tools in connection with our display
            of ads. To enable our systems to recognise your browser or device and to provide Amazon
            Services to you, we use cookies. For more information about cookies and how we use
            them, please read our
Cookies Notice
. You can manage your cookie preferences
here
.
5. Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not
               in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. Amazon Europe
               shares customers' personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com,
               Inc. and the subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to
               this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described
               in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions involving third parties:
We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by
                        third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products
                        from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application
                        providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services.
                        We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses,
                        such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your
                        transactions and we share customer personal information related to those transactions
                        with that third party.
Third party service providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples
                        include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal
                        mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data,
                        providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid
                        listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, assessing and managing
                        credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have
                        access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use
                        it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance
                        with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Business transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or
                        services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred
                        business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy
                        Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely
                        event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer
                        information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon Europe and others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate
                        to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements;
                        or protect the rights, property or safety of Amazon Europe, our users or others. This
                        includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection
                        and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about
                        you might be shared with third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose
                        not to share the information.
Transfers out of the European Economic Area and the UK.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic
            Area or the UK, we ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this
            Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. We rely
            on European Commission adequacy decisions or use contracts with standard safeguards
            published by the European Commission (you can ask
Customer Service
for a copy of these) and similar measures under UK laws for such transfers.
6. How Secure is Information About Me?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by
                        using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling
                        credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the
                        collection, storage and disclosure of personal customer information. Our security
                        procedures mean that we may ask you to verify your identity before we disclose personal
                        information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorised access and
                        loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs.
                        Click
here
for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and
                        to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password
                        for your Amazon account that is not utilized for other online accounts. Be sure to
                        sign off when you finish using a shared computer. For more information on how to sign
                        off click
here
.
7. What About Advertising?
Third-party advertisers and links to other websites:
Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and
                        apps. Third party advertising partners may collect information about you when you
                        interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about
                        third-party advertising at Amazon Europe, including interest-based ads, please read
                        our
Interest-Based Ads notice
. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
Use of third-party advertising services:
We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more
                        useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share
                        your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead,
                        we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived
                        from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address.
                        For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising
                        identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download
                        the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases,
                        product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier
                        and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve
                        you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to
                        serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out
                        of interest-based advertising by going to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
8. What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile
            information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your
            Account" section of the website. Click
here
for a list of examples that you can access.
9. What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any questions or objection as to how we collect and process your personal
            information, please contact our
Customer Service
. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options
            as to how your information is being used.
As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information but then you
                        might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the
Information You Can Access?
section. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the previous version
                        for our records.
If you don't want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, please adjust
                        your
Customer Communication Preferences
. If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification
                        settings in the app or your device.
If you don't want to see interest based-ads, please adjust your
Advertising Preferences page
.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser
                        or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you
                        receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. Because cookies allow you
                        to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that
                        you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies,
                        you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or
                        use any Amazon Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies,
                        see our
Cookies Notice
.
You can consent to or withdraw consent from third party advertising cookies
here
.
If you want to browse our websites without linking browsing activity to your account,
                        you may do so by logging out of your account
here
and disabling cookies on your browser.
You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store
here
, remove recommendations you don't want to see
here
(select a recommendations tile for products you have not previously purchased, select
                        View All and Manage, then select the Remove Items toggle), and edit your browsing
                        history
here
.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose,
                        you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop any further processing
                        of your data for that purpose.
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data processing by updating
                        your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and
                        Devices"), device, or application. For more information click
here
. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions
                        (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls
                        are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change
                        your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you
                        contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer as different devices
                        may have different permission settings.
If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in
Seller Central
, update your account information by accessing your
Seller Account Information
, and adjust the email or other communications you receive from us by updating your
Notification Preferences
.
If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the
                        Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the
Author Portal
and
Author Central
, respectively.
In addition, subject to applicable law, you have the right to request access to, correct,
            and delete your personal data, and to ask for data portability. You may also object
            to our processing of your personal data or ask that we restrict the processing of
            your personal data in certain instances. If you wish to do any of these things, please
            contact
Customer Service
or, to submit a data subject access request, go to
Request My Data
.
10. Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Amazon Europe doesn't sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products
            for purchase by adults. If you're under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with
            the involvement of a parent or guardian. For more information on how we handle personal
            information for Amazon Services intended for children under the age of 13, please
            read our
Children Privacy Notice
.
11. How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of Amazon Services,
            for as long as it is required in order to fulfil the relevant purposes described in
            this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law such as for tax and accounting purposes,
            or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we retain your transaction history
            so that you can review past purchases (and repeat orders if desired) and what addresses
            you have shipped orders to, and to improve the relevancy of products and content we
            recommend.
12. EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon.com, Inc. and certain of its controlled US
affiliates
(together, the Amazon Group Companies, or "We") participate in the EU-US Data Privacy
            Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-US Data
            Privacy Frameworks* regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
            from European Union and European Economic Area member countries, the United Kingdom,
            and Switzerland. We have certified with the Department of Commerce that we adhere
            to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework
            Principles, see
here
.
If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information
            under the Data Privacy Framework, or about our privacy practices generally, please
            contact us at: eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
            If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily,
            please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
            at
https://www.verasafe.com/public-resources/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
. If neither Amazon nor our provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding
            arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. To learn more about the Data
            Privacy Framework Panel, see
here
.
As explained
here
we sometimes provide personal information to third parties to perform services on
            our behalf. If we transfer personal information received under the Data Privacy Framework
            to a third party, the third party's access, use, and disclosure of the personal information
            must also be in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and we will
            remain liable under the Data Privacy Framework for any failure to do so by the third
            party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
You can review our Data Privacy Framework registration
here
. The Amazon Group Companies are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers
            of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose personal information
            that we handle under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by
            public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
*
We will not rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework or the UK Extension to the
               EU-US Data Privacy Framework until each enters into force, but we adhere to their
               required commitments in anticipation of their doing so.
13. EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal
               information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal
               information. We use:
Performance of a contract
when we provide you with products or services, or communicate with you about them.
                        This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver
                        products and services, and process payments.
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers
when we improve Amazon services (including when we use your voice, video, or camera
                        input to improve services), when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to
                        protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and when we provide you
                        with interest-based advertising.
Your consent
when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                        purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                        information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                        we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
Compliance with a legal obligation
when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect
                        seller place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification
                        purposes.
These and other legal bases
depending on the purpose for which we use personal information.
14. Contacts, Notices & Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon Europe or want to contact one of our
            data controllers, please
Customer Service
with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you. Further,
            the data protection officer for the above mentioned data controllers can be contacted
            at eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory
            authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, the
Information Commissioner's Office
, or with another local authority.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should
            check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current
            Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
            We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our
            policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected
            in the past without the consent of affected customers.
15. Related Practices & Information
Conditions of Use and Sale
Help Desk
Most Recent Purchases
Your Profile and Community Guidelines
16. Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services
You provide information to us when you:
search for products or services in our stores;
place an order through Amazon Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device, or through a service or application
                        on a device;
provide information in
Your Account
(and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address or
                        mobile number when shopping with us) or
Your Profile
;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
upload your contacts;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with
                        an Amazon device or service;
provide information in your
Seller Account
,
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
account, Developer account or any other account we make available that allows you
                        to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other
                        Amazon Services;
compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists or gift registries;
Participate in community features, provide and rate
Customer Reviews
;
specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: your name;
                  address and phone number; payment information; your age; your location information;
                  your IP address; people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses ; e-mail
                  addresses of your friends and other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us;
                  personal description and photograph in
Your Profile
; voice recordings when you speak to Alexa; images and video collected or stored in
                  connection with Amazon Services, information and documents regarding identity and
                  standing; corporate and financial information; credit history information; VAT numbers;
                  and device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose
                  to automatically synchronise them with your other Amazon devices.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyse include:
the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet;
login; e-mail address; password;
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback
                        details including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network
                        details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet
                        service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data,
                        and any errors or event failures;
Amazon Service metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions
                        with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information,
                        location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images
                        and files (e.g., file name, dates, times and location of your images));
version and time zone settings;
purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information
                        from other customers to create features such as Best Sellers;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website
                        (including date and time); cookie number; products and/ or content you viewed or searched
                        for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page
                        interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs),
phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores using Amazon Services.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications
                  and our web pages to collect browsing, usage or other technical information for fraud
                  prevention purposes.
Information From Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties,
                        which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication
                        more easily;
account information, purchase or redemption information and page-view information
                        from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide
                        technical, fulfillment, advertising or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services that you've linked with
                        Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect
                        fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:
status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
your complete order history;
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications
                        and personalised advertising preferences, address book and 1-Click settings);
payment settings (including payment card information and gift voucher, gift card and
                        cheque balances);
e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Deliveries, Special
                        Occasion Reminders, and newsletters);
recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations
                        (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and interest-based
                        advertising preferences;
content that you recently viewed;
voice recordings associated with your account;
Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal
                        profile).
If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust
                        your communications preferences, by updating your account in
Seller Central
.
If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update
                        your account, on the
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
or
Author Central
website, as applicable.
If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access
                        your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by
                        updating your account in the Developer Services Portal, developers.amazon.com.
Was this information helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your feedback.
Please select what best describes the information:
This information is confusing or wrong
This isn't the information I was looking for
I don't like this policy
Submit
Thanks. While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, 
	we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
‹
All help topics
Legal Policies
Conditions of Use & Sale
Privacy Notice
Amazon Anti-Counterfeiting Policy
Non-Exhaustive List of Amazon Trademarks
Previous versions of Legal policies
Miscellaneous Reporting
Children's Privacy Notice
Fair Use Policy
Human Rights and Environmental Grievances
Communications with Amazon Employees
3rd Party Licensing Notice
Quick solutions
Your orders
                                            Track and return orders
Your orders
Track and return orders
Returns and refunds
                                            Return or exchange items
Returns and refunds
Return or exchange items
Carrier info
                                            Delivery carrier information
Carrier info
Delivery carrier information
Manage Prime
                                            Cancel or view benefits
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Payment settings
                                            Add or edit payment methods
Payment settings
Add or edit payment methods
Account settings
                                            Change email or password
Account settings
Change email or password
Sub-policy 4
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 6
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf:
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Accessibility
Popup heading
Close
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Keyboard Navigation
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility menu



en
jp
cn
kr
Platform
Monetization
Marketing
Analytics
Publishing
Products
Unity LevelPlay
Mediation
ironSource Network
Ad network
Tapjoy
Offerwall
Aura
On-device solutions
Supersonic
Publishing
Luna
Cross-channel management
Learn
Community
Blog
Case studies
LevelUp Academy
Knowledge center
Glossary
Company
About
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Log into Tapjoy
Login
Login
Signup
Signup
Customer support
Customer support
ironSource has merged with Unity
Our platform
User growth
Scale up your user base with ROI positive campaigns that connect you to users who are in it for the long-haul
Check out our growth solutions
Check out our growth solutions
Monetization
Increase your app’s ARPDAU and maximize the value of your users with powerful ad mediation and high-impact ad formats
Learn about our monetization solutions
Learn about our monetization solutions
Analytics
Make optimization quicker and easier with analytics that help you better understand your app’s performance from every angle
See the analytics we offer
See the analytics we offer
Creative management
Leverage our creative production tools to boost your creative performance and delight your users
Check out our creative firepower
Check out our creative firepower
Publishing
Take your games to the top of the charts – and stay there – with our publishing solutions
Get to know our publishing team
Get to know our publishing team
For telecom operators
Aura enables digital transformation for the world’s leading telecom operators and OEMs, allowing them to engage their customers with relevant content, apps, and services across the entire lifecycle of the device
Discover Aura
Discover Aura
Baris Aygoren, Performance Marketing Director at King
“ironSource’s user growth solution not only delivered great ROAS and quality, but also made our internal optimization processes more efficient. ironSource is an integral part of our growth strategy”
View case study
View case study
Scott Koenigsberg, SVP, Head of Product at Zynga
“ironSource has been a key partner for Zynga for several years, and their platform has played an integral role in driving sustainable growth for our titles, from launch through to the long-term”
Rohan Verma, Director of User Acquisition at Calm
“ironSource’s creative management solution has been a major boost for our UA. They’ve been a true partner in helping us optimize performance and leverage data-driven insights to fuel growth”
Mike Brooks, SVP Revenue at Weatherbug
“There are few channels with the strategic positioning, scale, and efficacy that Aura provides, and we’re as excited as ever to continue our multi-year partnership”
Evgeniy Sidorov, Lead Game Producer for Join Clash
“The amazing work that we did together with Supersonic on Join Clash took us all the way to the #2 spot in the US charts while maintaining significant profit along the entire way”
View case study
View case study
Pawel Czartotyjski, Product Marketing Director at Orange
“ironSource Aura enables us to optimize the content experience throughout the life cycle of the device, which translates into a superior user experience for our customers”
The latest from ironSource
Blog
2025 Mobile gaming trends: Unity perspectives
Read more >>
eBook
Understanding the mobile gaming and fast food connection
Read more >>
Podcast
How Tilting Point is unlocking the value of D2C webstores
Read more >>
About ironSource
ironSource is the leading business platform for the app economy. Our mission is to help any app developer turn their app into a scalable, successful business.
Get to know us
Get to know us
Supersonic Studios
One of the most downloaded game publishers in the world, Supersonic’s unique publishing technology is behind 41 top 10 hits
Discover Supersonic
Discover Supersonic
Build your way at ironSource
At ironSource, we don’t just build the code – we all have a hand in building the company, too. Join our growing team to make an impact on millions of users around the world
See our open positions
See our open positions
Learn how ironSource can help you scale your business
Contact us
Contact us
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 7
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 8
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more
Sub-policy 9
https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/:
Menu
Data Reinvented
Tailored Solutions & Services
Advertisers
Publishers
About Ogury
Content Center
Press
Blog
Awards
Events
Educational Videos
Case Studies
Contact Us
JA
Pub Login
Data Reinvented
Tailored Solutions & Services
Advertisers
Publishers
About Ogury
Content Center
Press
Blog
Awards
Events
Educational Videos
Case Studies
Contact Us
JA
Pub Login
Ogury Website and Customer Privacy and Cookie Notice
Ogury (“
Ogury
, “
we
”, or “
us
”) provides digital advertising and related services to publishers, agencies and brands (together the “
Services
”).
We also operate the websites www.ogury.com and www.ogury.co (the “
Websites
”). This Privacy Notice is intended to inform you about how Ogury collects, uses, shares and stores your personal data when you:
interact or use our Websites, including downloading materials from our resources page or requesting a demo; and
if you use any of our Services.
Specific additional terms for California residents Privacy Notice are listed here.If you are an end-user of an app or website that uses the digital advertising and related services we provide to our corporate customers, please click here.
1. WHAT PERSONAL DATA OGURY COLLECTS ABOUT YOU
1.1. Type of personal data collected
Personal data, means any information we hold which we can link to an identified person or a person that may be able to be identified.
As such, the following personal data may be collected by Ogury:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes address, email address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our Websites and Services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes our preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
1.2. Failure to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, you may not be able to use the Services or complete other have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services).
In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
If you fail to provide your personal data from our contact form, we may not be able to reach out and answer to your queries.
1.3. How do we collect personal data?
We collect personal data when you enter it on the Websites through contact forms or when you create an account for the use of the Services.
2. DATA USE
We will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
2.1. Websites
With regard to our Websites
To administer the Websites, for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical and survey purposes;
To improve our Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
For trend monitoring, marketing and advertising;
For purposes made clear to you at the time you submit your personal data – for example, to fulfill a request for a product demonstration or call back, to provide you with access to one of our webinars or a copy of a whitepaper, or to provide you with information you have requested about our Services; and
As part of our efforts to keep our Website secure.Our use of your personal data for the above is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring the security of the Websites and for our direct marketing purposes, or
your consent (e.g. when you request a demo or consent to the use of non-essential cookies on the Websites).
2.2. Services
We may use the personal data we collect from our customers (employees and contractors) their users in connection with the Services for a range of reasons, including to:
Set up a user account;
Provide, operate and maintain the Services;
Process and complete transactions and send related information, including transaction confirmations and invoices;
Manage our customers’ use of the Services, respond to enquiries and comments and provide customer service and support;
Send customers technical alerts, updates, security notifications and administrative communications;
Investigate and prevent fraudulent activities, unauthorized access to the Services and other illegal activities; and
For any other purposes about which we notify customers and users.We use your personal data for the above purposes based on the commercial agreement that we have with you, or our legitimate interests for security purposes (e.g. the prevention and investigation of fraudulent activities). Personal data will be deleted based on the terms of the agreement relating to the provision of the Services.
3. SHARING PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD-PARTIES
We may share your personal data with third parties in the following limited circumstances:
3.1. Vendors
We may share your personal data with third party service providers, consultants and other vendors that we engage to perform tasks as data processors on our behalf. We have contracts in place with them. This means that they can only use your personal data the as instructed by us and they will not share your personal data with any organisation apart from us or that we instruct them to share it with.
3.2. Ogury Group Companies
We may also share your personal data with the Ogury Group from time to time (including companies acquired by Ogury) for purposes consistent with this Privacy Notice.
3.3. Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
4. COOKIES
Our Websites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Websites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Websites and also allows us to improve them.
The cookies store non-personally identifiable information related to your navigation on our website. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website.
We use the following cookies:
Essential cookies: These cookies are necessary for our website to function cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to activity which we consider a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or completing contact forms.
Preference cookies: These cookies enable Ogury to recognize you when you visit our website and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Marketing cookies: These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
Statistics cookies: They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are ‘session cookies’ and expire automatically within 20 minutes. Other cookies are ‘persistent cookies’, meaning that they survive after your browser is closed and are used by websites to recognize your computer or device at a later time.
We may also place third parties’ cookies when you interact with our website. We use the following third parties’ cookies for the purpose defined below:
–  Analytics: we use Google Analytics to count visits and traffic sources to help us measure the performance of our website. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
–  Marketing : We also have one Marketo cookie (munchkin cookie) to track website visitors and react to their visits with automated marketing campaigns based on their interests. Search Engine: we use Google AdWords to advertise on our products and services on the Google search page results. For more information on how to opt-out, please refer to Google specific Privacy Notice and settings for Google ads.
–  Videos: we use Vimeo to illustrate our product and services through videos that are embedded on our website.
–  Social Media: we use LinkedIn to advertise Ogury and our Services. For more information on how to opt-out, please refer to LinkedIn specific Privacy policy.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERSWe share your personal data within the Ogury Group and with certain third parties noted above. This may involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Where we use service providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
We may rely on other valid legal bases for such transfers such transferring to a country, for example where the European Commission has found that such country provides an adequate level of protection for personal data.
DATA SECURITYWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition,
we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
7. CHILDREN
The Websites are not intended for use by children and we do not knowingly collect personal data relating to children under the age of 16. If you believe a child under 16 may have provided us with personal data please contact us on
privacy@ogury.co
.
DATA RETENTIONWe will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, contractual or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTSUnder EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you have the right to access, modify or erase your personal data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
privacy@ogury.co
.California residents have specific rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (‘CCPA’). For more information and to exercise your rights, please see the Section 10 below.
Please note that we may still use any aggregated and de-identified personal data that does not identify any individual and may also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce contracts.
9.1. Marketing Communications
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time [by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing
preferences OR by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you OR by contacting us at any time at privacy@ogury.co
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase or product/service experience or other transactions.
9.2. Cookies
You can accept or reject cookies for our Websites through via the Edit my privacy settings link at the bottom of every page. You can also do so by adjusting your web browser controls.
9.3. Contact
If you want to exercise your rights relating your personal data we may have collected or have any queries relating the our use of your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@ogury.co
.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Notice, please contact us at privacy@ogury.co You can also reach us by mail at the following address:
Ogury Ltd
Attention to DPO
3rd Floor, Classic House, 174-180 Old Street London EC1V 9BP
UK
10. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights regarding the personal information that businesses hold about them. This includes the rights to request access or deletion to this personal information, as well as the right to direct a business to stop selling your personal information.
• Personal Information we collect
We collect identifiers (such as name, address, email address, phone number and job title), commercial information (such as a record of the Services used or product demonstrations) and Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as usage information, IP address, cookie information and customer feedback).
• Why we collect your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information to provide the services requested, such as to fulfil a request
for demos or otherwise provide you with information about our services.
We use identifiers and commercial information for general website administration, which includes record keeping, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing and surveys.
We use identifiers, commercial information and Internet or other electronic network activity for trend monitoring, marketing and advertising, as well as to ensure website security.
• How we Collect your Personal Information
We collect identifiers and commercial information directly from you.
We collect Internet or other electronic network activity from your usage of the Websites and Services.
• Share and Sale of your Personal Information
We share personal information as necessary for certain “business purposes,” as defined by the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.140(d)). This includes sharing identifiers, commercial information and internet or other electronic network activity with providers of customer relationship management, consulting, email, product feedback and helpdesk services.
We do not ‘sell’ your personal information as defined by the CCPA.
• The Right to Opt-out of Sale
As Ogury does not your personal information we do not offer a right to opt-out of such sale.
With respect to cookies and the use of our Websites, you can always customize your settings at any time.
• Right to Know
You have the right to know what categories of personal information Ogury has sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed. Additionally, you have the right to request disclosure of the personal information Ogury holds about you.
• Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that Ogury delete any personal information that it has collected about you. This is subject to exceptions such as when the deletion of the personal information would create problems with the completion of a transaction or compliance with a legal obligation.
• The Right to Non-Discrimination
Ogury will not discriminate against you (e.g., through denying goods or services, or providing
a different level or quality of goods or services) for exercising any of your rights under CCPA. You can exercise any of the above rights by contacting us at
privacy@ogury.co
.
11. UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time.
We are constantly improving our Websites and Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Notice from time to time as a result. We will notify you to material changes by, for example, placing a notice on our Websites and/or by sending you an email (if you have provided us with your e-mail address) when we are required to do so by applicable law.
Please check our website regularly to ensure that you are aware of the latest applicable Privacy Notice.
You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the date at the bottom of this page.
Cookie Settings
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
98
partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
Reject All
I Accept
Show Purposes
Your Privacy
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Store and/or access information on a device
70 partners can use this purpose
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
89 partners can use this purpose
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
53 partners can use this special purpose
Deliver and present advertising and content
62 partners can use this special purpose
Match and combine data from other data sources
42 partners can use this feature
Link different devices
29 partners can use this feature
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
55 partners can use this feature
Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent. You may exercise your right to consent, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
List of IAB Vendors‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
77 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Create profiles for personalised advertising
54 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
55 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
85 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
53 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Develop and improve services
59 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 10
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy:
Policy
Terms
Privacy
Community
Merchant
Advertising
Developers
Copyright
Trademark
Enforcement
Transparency
Call Recordings
Non-User Notice
Privacy Policy
We're updating our Privacy Policy, effective April 30, 2025. You can preview the updated Privacy Policy
here
.
California Privacy Statement
California Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection
here
.
Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. We added more details about the personal data that we collect and how we may share it.
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties.
We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other
products
or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information.
Account Information
: When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, country of residence, your interests, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile.
Content
: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users.
Precise location information
: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings.
Your communications with us
: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications.
Your contacts
: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.
2. We also get technical information when you use Pinterest
When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Device information
: We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings, and unique device identifiers.
Log data
: When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button) browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services. You can
learn more about the log data we collect here
.
Information from cookies and similar technologies
: We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Usage data and inference
s. When you’re on our Services, we use your activity—such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create, and any text that you add in a comment or description—along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up and information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience.
Location Information
: We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
User Choices
: We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications.
3. Our partners and advertisers share information with us
We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:
Third party platforms
: If you register for or log into the Service using a third party platform (like Facebook or Google), they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or log-in with us. In addition, if you
connect your third-party accounts
to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data.
Technical service partners
: We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms.
Advertisers or other partners
: Online advertisers or third parties share information with us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services.
Learn more about the Pinterest Tag
and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.
You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
How we use the info we collect
We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behavior. For example, if we see you’re into cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our
Terms of Service
.
Respond to your questions or comments.
Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customize your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer we may show you that retailer’s Pins that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings.
Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to
stop getting other notifications
by updating your
settings
.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we:
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms.
Conduct
age verification
, as appropriate. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding.
Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models.
Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information.
We also use your information to personalize the ads you see
Specifically, we use the information we collect to:
Decide which ads to show you, directly on Pinterest, and
depending on where you live
, show you ads through our partners. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required.
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you.
Learn more
about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out.
Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below.
We use info based on legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or those of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests and fundamental rights.
To show you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you, we:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, topics or content you might like based on your activity on our Services. For example, if you engage with cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins and boards.
Customize your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behavior. For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive a personalized, unique and relevant offering, as this is why users come to the Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To build your community on our Services, we:
Suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like.
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you choose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will access contacts stored on your device to help you find out if your contacts are on our Services.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to help you make connections you may know in order to deliver a relevant and unique Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your contacts
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To make and keep Pinterest safe, we:
Work with law enforcement and researchers to keep Pinterest safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts, or from researchers to study activity on Pinterest. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violation of our policies or Terms.
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
Conduct age verification. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to secure Pinterest systems and fight spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities and promote safety and security on Pinterest.
It is also in our interest and the interests of other users to ensure our Services are used in accordance with our Terms.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To improve, innovate and develop our Services, we:
Conduct analytics and research on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models. Some of this information may be aggregated or de-identified.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and the interests of Pinterest’s users that we improve, promote and develop the Service in an informed way.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To seek legal advice or protect Pinterest in litigation or other disputes, we:
Preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes violations of our Terms and policies.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of Pinterest, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To communicate with you, we:
Respond to your questions or comments.
Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like. Depending on where you live, this may be marketing and in certain cases we will obtain your consent. You can decide to
stop getting these notifications
by updating your
settings
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to learn of new features and elements that may be of interest to them.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver advertising that is relevant, interesting and personal on our Services, we:
Decide which ads to show you based on information on our Services. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive relevant and interesting adverts for products or services they are interested in, as opposed to receiving randomized and generic ads which they may have no interest in. This is also the primary funding of the service and allows users to continue enjoying the service free-of-charge and allows Pinterest to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To provide measurement and ad analytics we:
Use aggregated information from our measurement providers to tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are performing, and how to make them better. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to enable business accounts and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This is also in the interest of other users as this helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Service free for all users.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver ads, off Pinterest, that are relevant, interesting and personal to you about Pinterest, we:
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, and a hashed version of your email address to services we use to market Pinterest to you on sites and apps other than Pinterest, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others.
Legitimate interests relied on
We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
We use info to comply with our legal obligations
Why and how we use your info
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when doing so in response to a court order, search warrant, production order, subpoena or similar legal request.
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when we think it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including sharing with researchers, law enforcement, or other authorities.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints. We retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for two years, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
Examples of laws that can require us to process information in the above way include:
Regulatory matters: to comply with regulatory obligations like under privacy laws (GDPR) and the Digital Services Act (DSA).
Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, GDPR).
Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997.
Issues relating to the safety of our Service and to protect rights, property and users
We keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our Terms, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
We use info where you give us consent
How and why we use your info
Where you have given us consent (for example through your device settings):
Allowing searching with photos. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Ads on Pinterest based on offsite activities. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have already obtained.
Lead ads. If you submit information via a lead ad form (for example, to sign up for an advertiser’s mailing list or for a consultation), we will share that information with the advertiser as described on the form.
Promotion of Creators. If you choose to provide race or ethnicity information we will use it to promote you as a Creator, for example during Black History Month, or reach out to you about events.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your
account settings
and, if you still need help, our
Help Center
.
Access
: You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you in a portable format. You can find more information about this
through our Help Center
.
Correction/rectification
: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile.
Deletion/erasure
: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions.
Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale”
: As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Additional rights in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you also have some additional rights:
Right to object or restrict processing
: You can object to direct marketing from us or where we rely on legitimate interests to process your information. You can object through this
form
.
Right to withdraw consent
: Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your data, you can withdraw your consent at any stage. The lawfulness of Pinterest’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to portability
: You can have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, and, where it's technically feasible for us to do so.
Right to lodge a complaint
: If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country.
In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form:
Forms for Data Protection
.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can:
Edit information in your profile
,
Link or unlink your Pinterest account
from other services (like Facebook or Google),
Edit secret board settings
, and
Close your account at any time
. We also support settings such as Limit Ad Tracking in iOS and Ads Personalization in Android devices.
You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:
The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us.
For users who reside in certain U.S. states and have enabled an opt-out preferences signal (such as Global Privacy Control), we will respect this preference when you use Pinterest.
How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:
With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to
link your Pinterest account
to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.
Depending on where you live, we share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services, showing you ads through our partners, and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. For example, when you fill out a lead ad form, or click on an ad on Pinterest, we’ll share this information with advertising partners.
With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.
With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, researchers, or other parties in compliance with laws, rules, or regulations. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share information if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person in emergency situations. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
. We may share your publicly accessible information with independent researchers who meet certain criteria, to combat societal harms.
With our corporate family of companies, including wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
Transferring your information
Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
Additional steps for data transfers in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take additional steps related to data transfers. Information controlled by Pinterest Europe Limited will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. Safeguards which we rely on in ensuring your information benefits from an adequate level of protection includes the following:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions issued from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to some countries with such adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here; or
Standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”). The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation; and
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or SCCs, please contact us via the details provided in the Contact us section below.
How long we keep your information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't use it to identify you.
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, here is some further information on our retention practices: We keep your information only so long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, which include providing our Service, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis. We keep account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account.
Our policy on children's information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you may only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the
Help Center
for more information.
How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new policy applies to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email.
Contact us
The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the
Help Center
. If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
You can also contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
Effective Date outside EEA, UK, and Switzerland: March 13, 2024
Effective Date in EEA, UK, and Switzerland: April 30, 2024
Table of Contents
California Privacy Statement
Summary of changes
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Scope of the Privacy Policy
We collect information in a few different ways
How we use the info we collect
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
Your Rights and Choices
How and when we share information
Transferring your information
How long we keep your information
Our policy on children's information
How we make changes to this policy
Contact us
Sub-policy 12
https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy/:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Principles
Privacy by Product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
We've updated our Privacy Policy, effective April 7, 2025. You can view the prior Privacy Policy, which applies to all users until April 7, 2025,
here
.
Privacy Policy
Effective: April 7, 2025
Welcome to
Snap Inc.
’s Privacy Policy. This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this
page
or this
video
. If you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. And if you’re a Spectacles user you can learn more on how we collect and use your data in the
Spectacles Supplemental Privacy Policy
.
Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it — that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalized experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.
Furthermore, we believe a personalized experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.
This Policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services, and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles, and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this Policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms," we mean the
Terms of Service
that you agree to when you sign up for our Services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our Services.
Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:
Control Over Your Information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. You can access, update, and delete your information, decide who can contact you, and download your data from within the Snapchat app. Below, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool, and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:
Access and update your information.
You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.
Delete your information.
If you want to delete your account, learn how
here
. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions, and more.
Control who can see your content.
We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go
here
.
Control who can contact you.
Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always
block
and
report
that person. Go
here
to learn more.
Change your permissions.
In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example,  by default you are findable to others through your phone number and/or email address that you provided. If you no longer want to be findable, you can always change your settings. Or if you provided access to your phone or third party platform contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your app settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.
Opt out of promotional messages.
You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.
Download your data.
You can make a request in our
Download My Data
tool to export a copy of your Snapchat information.
Object to processing.
Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail
here
.
Set advertising preferences.
We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalized experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more
here
.
Tracking.
If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified
here
.
Information We Collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect: what you provide to us, what we collect when you use Snapchat, and information we receive from other companies or apps you’ve connected to your Snapchat account. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.
When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services, and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.
Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with
account details
(information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday, and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with
profile details
(like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for
payment and related information
(like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, payment information, so we can process the payment, and transaction history).
Of course, you’ll also provide us with information you send through or save within our Services, including content and information about that content, and content you share and generate with our
AI Features
(content, or “Inputs,” including text, images, video, audio, precise location, and engagement, used to generate content and responses, or “Outputs”). We consider some of this information to be
private content and communications
(like Snaps and Chats with friends, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). Or content you share with a particular audience like
private & friend stories
(My Story set to Friends, Private Stories). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be
public content
that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it, or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
Lastly, when you
contact Support
(content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our
research efforts
(like responses to surveys, consumer panels, or other research questions) we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.
Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.
This includes
usage information
(information about how you interact with our Services — for example, which Lenses you view and apply, your premium subscriptions, Stories you watch, and how often you interact with other Snapchatters) and
content information
(information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI, and metadata — for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
Content information
includes information based on the content of the image, video, or audio — so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.
This also includes
device information
(such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected, and information about your wireless and mobile connections),
location information
(IP address),
information collected by cookies and similar technologies
, depending on your settings, (cookies,
pixels
(small graphic data that recognize user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers), and
log information
(such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address, and unique identifiers like cookies).
If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions,
device information
may also include information about your
device phonebook
(contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s
camera, photos, and microphone
(like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video), and
location information
(precise location through methods like GPS signals).
Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our
affiliates
, and third parties. This includes
linked third-party service data
(information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service),
data from advertisers
(information from advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads),
contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties
(if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email, or other messaging services), and
data relating to potential violations of our Terms
(we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement, and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).
Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or your device or third party contact book.
How We Use Information
This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalized products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table
here
.
Keep Things Up & Running (i.e., operate, deliver, and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver, and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighborhood, content others have posted to the Map, or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.
Personalize Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalized Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location, or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory, and inform us that you’re into dogs so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.
Personalization can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers, or even generate Snaps and other content using AI, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favorite espresso machine, or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalization also includes tailoring your experience based on
who you interact with most and
what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like, or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.
Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.
For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritize sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content
here
.
We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalization with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g., the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the
private content and communications
you send to your friends to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads.
Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalize, target, and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie — we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive
here
.
You can learn more about how we collect, use, and share your information for advertising purposes
here
.
A note about
information collected by cookies and other technologies
: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and
machine learning models
(an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through
generative AI features
(artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images, or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and
machine learning models
for personalization, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality, and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and
machine learning models
take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.
Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy — and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than necessary to develop our features and models.
Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor, and analyze trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.
Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends, and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g., new
machine learning models
or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviors and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).
Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity, and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful, and can give you a warning about it.
Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts, or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts, and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.
Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community, and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.
Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating, and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies, or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners, or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our
Transparency Report
to learn more.
Other Purposes, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask for your permission to use your information in a new, different, or otherwise specific way.
How We Share Information
This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include, and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside of the country it was collected from.
Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat.
To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share your information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories, or your status as a premium subscriber, can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the
Control Over Your Information
section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.
Family Center Participants.
When you have enabled Family Center, we share information about the connected teen account to the parent or guardian to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat or which friends you may be sharing your location with. We do not share message content.
Learn more
.
Public.
Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map, or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.
Learn more
.
Third-Party Apps.
Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.
Service Providers.
We share your information with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf. For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments, measure and optimize the performance of ads, or protect the services. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers
here
.
Business and Integrated Partners.
We share your information with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners
here
.
Anti-Fraud Partners.
We share your information, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.
Legal, Safety, and Security Partners.
We share your information as necessary for the following legal, safety, and security reasons:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.
detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Affiliates.
Snap Inc.
consists of different
subsidiaries
owned by us. We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.
For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition.
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results, and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat
here
.
On iOS we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the
Region Specific Information
section for more details.
How Long We Keep Your Information
In this section we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information, and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts, and other obligations.
As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (
unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save it
). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings, and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic
account details
— like your name, phone number, and email address — to maintain your account.
To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself.
Similarly, we keep your shared list of contacts until you ask us to remove them in our app settings (note: updating your device permissions may not remove the contacts you’ve previously shared with Snapchat).
Learn more
.
Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honor your choices.
The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by
downloading your data
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse, or protect ourselves or others.
Take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page and
support page
for details on the specific retention periods for products.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.
In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you, or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our
Support Site
.
Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights, this section provides more details on region specific information.
We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please take a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Europe
Mexico
South Korea
Turkey
United States
Note:
The U.S. State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain U.S. states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.
Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information
here
.
Our Audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province, or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.
In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Contact Us
Have any questions about the information here
or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
? You can contact us
here
.
Sub-policy 13
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 14
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and offer you the most relevant information. Please accept cookies for an optimal experience. To learn more about how we use cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
Privacy Policy
Liftoff
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 2025
Table of contents:
Who we are
The personal information we process
How we use your personal information (our purposes) and
our legal basis for processing it
Cookies and similar tracking technologies
International transfers
How we share your personal information and who we share it with
Security
Data retention
Automated decision-making
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Complaints, questions and suggestions
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure that you are completely informed about your personal data. To access a particular section, you can click on the relevant link above.
I. WHO WE ARE
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is a mobile advertising company that provides customers with an advertising and optimization platform and software (the “Services”).
We are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you. The company is registered in Delaware (registration number C3511707), with registered office at 555 Bryant Street, Suite #133, Palo Alto CA 94301.
We respect your right to privacy. “You” will fall into one of four categories:
“Site Visitor”: accessing or browsing the www.liftoff.io site (the “Site”);
“Customer”: requesting the provision of Services from us;
“Partner”: providing services to us, to allow us to provide Services to our Customers: or
“Targeted End User”: using mobile apps provided to you by our Customers (acting as an “End User”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and our Services. It describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal information, as well as your privacy rights and choices. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.
You can contact us in relation to this Privacy Policy by email at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io, or using the additional contact details provided in Section XIII titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
II. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE PROCESS
The type of personal information that we collect and process falls into three categories, as further detailed below:
Information we collect from Customers and Partners in connection with the provision of our Services;
Information we collect and use when Targeted End Users interact with our Customers’ mobile applications; and
Information that we collect from Site Visitors using the Site.
We do not collect any sensitive personal information about you, such as health-related information or information about your race or ethnicity, or sexual orientation.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it):
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email and telephone), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Transaction Data
such as your payment information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us.
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location, unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as account activity and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, information about content viewed, time and length of visits, traffic data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Advertising and Marketing Data
including your interests based on your use of our Site and other websites and online services, your preferences in relation to receiving marketing materials from us, your communication preferences, and your preferences for particular products or services.
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it).
Categories of personal information
Source
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, Internet service provider (ISP), device information (inc. ID, make, manufacturer, operating system and language settings), browser type, generic geographic location (such as country or zip code, as well as the granular latitude and longitude coordinates), carrier, Android ID or Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), connection speed.
Your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (e.g., because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Characteristics specific to your device might be requested from you and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen).
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Usage Data
such as your activity on a Customer’s app and other websites or apps (e.g., forms you submit, content you look at) and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”). This will include app usage information, referring/ exit pages, pages and content viewed, clickstream data, and date/ time stamp.
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (e.g., your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey).
Indirectly from you
Preferences
regarding the processing of your data.
Directly from you
Ad Engagement Data
such as information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it (e.g., whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or download an app, etc.)
Indirectly from you
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you when you visit our Site:
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us, and any other information that you actively provide to us via our Site
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location (country), unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, time and length of visits, traffic data, weblogs and other communication data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Third-party Data
including marketing data
We combine this data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Third parties (including email, marketing and analytics services, as well as publicly available databases)
III. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (OUR PURPOSES) AND OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING IT
We use the personal information that we collect from and about you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your information. Depending on our purpose for collecting your information, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Contract
– we require certain personal information in order to provide and support the Services you request from us;
Consent
– in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent (separately from any contract between us) before we collect, use, or disclose your personal information, in which case you can voluntarily choose to give or deny your consent without any negative consequences to you;
Legitimate interests
– we will use or disclose your personal information for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, but only (i) in a way that is reasonable for you to expect as part of the running of our business and which does not materially affect your rights and freedoms, and (ii) when we are confident that your privacy rights will remain appropriately protected. These interests will normally be to: (i) operate, provide and improve our business, including our Services; communicate with you and respond to your questions; (ii) improve our Site or use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our Services; (iii) detect or prevent illegal activities (for example, fraud); and/or (iv) to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors and visitors; or
Legal obligation
– there are instances where we must process and retain your personal information to comply with laws or to fulfil certain legal obligations.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide our Services
Register, manage and administer your account
Fulfil your request for our Services
Service-related communications (inc. Service updates, confirmations and support)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Performance of a contract with you
Improve our Services
Analyse metrics related to transactions and behaviour (online and offline) to assess trends and the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns (inc. our “Mobile Heroes” programme), to help us understand your needs and provide you with better service and offers, to drive customer engagement, promote our business, and inform business decisions.
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Personalise and customise your experience
including to provide targeted content, marketing, ads and other information to Customers
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Location Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
To receive services
from you or the business you represent (where you or your business is a Partner)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you
Manage compliance with our terms of service
and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
Customers and Partners wishing to opt out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from Liftoff can click “UNSUBSCRIBE” in marketing emails or email us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts, we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided in order to reach out to the individual (including those individuals nominated as a mobile hero). If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Personalise, target and deliver advertising
including to create an advertising profile of you
We build or improve a profile about you to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests.
To ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Location Data
Consent
Measuring advertising performance
To determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users, understand the impact of advertising campaigns and determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Location Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business).
Developing and improving services
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be used to improve or build new products and services. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Security
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and fixing errors (e.g., to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them).
Device Data
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests. It is in the interests of us, our clients, and you to ensure that ads are served in a safe and error free manner and that fraudulent third parties do not distort the true price to be paid for showing you ads.
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Ad Engagement Data
Legal obligation
Our Privacy Principles for the use of data about Targeted End Users
Liftoff’s systems aggregate events/data at granularities that cover many users, as opposed to a specific user, unless the user consents. For instance: users with iPhone X’s in San Francisco have clicked on ads in app A 100 times and installed app B 50 times.
Liftoff does not tie together events/data across apps in a user-specific way, without the user’s consent. For instance: we do not track that a person did X in app A and also Y in app B from a different publisher, if the person opts-out of interest-based advertising.
Instead, Liftoff only ties events/data from a given specific user within the context of a given app. E.g. user with app-local ID 123 installed app A, then finished the tutorial, then made a purchase.
This allows Liftoff to understand the conversion rates from one event to another within an app, but not track the activities of a user across different apps.
Liftoff does not record or store personal information that the user cannot easily revoke, such as email address, physical address, photographs or phone number to personalize our advertising. Liftoff relies upon device IDs to uniquely identify a user, and Liftoff solely relies upon the user’s consent in allowing Liftoff to access this information.
Liftoff does not export per-user data outside of Liftoff, except for validation purposes to a company that already has access to that data
Details of how to opt-out of interest-based advertising from us can be found at:
https://liftoff.io/opt-out/
.
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide access to our Site
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Communicate with you
including to deal with and respond to enquiries
Communication Data
Legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you).
Analyse how our Site is used and to improve our Site
including managing our use of cookies and other tracking technologies (including enabling you to manage your cookie preferences) and analyse collected data to learn about our Site, to improve our Site, and to develop new products and services.
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Send you marketing communications
We combine Third-Party Data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Third-party Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Manage compliance with our terms of service and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure)
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
IV. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to analyse trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around our Site, to gather demographic information about our user base, and to serve interest based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
You can control the use of Cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable Cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Site or Services.
V. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be collected, transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located, including the United States and other countries where we or our group companies or service providers (among others) maintain facilities. Our group affiliates and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. We maintain primary data centers in the United States, Singapore, Japan and Germany. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed as described in this Privacy Policy and according to applicable law.
We have implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, including by entering into the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal information, or where required, we will ask you for your prior written consent for such international data transfers.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland which have been formally recognized as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” and “adequacy regulations” from the European Commission, Swiss and UK authorities.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision, we take appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. These safeguards include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses as issued on 4 June 2021 under Article 46(2) GDPR for transfers originating in the EEA, UK and Switzerland; and the UK Addendum under Article 46(2) of the UK GDPR for the transfer of data originating in the UK.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses entered into by our group companies and with our third-party service providers and partners can be provided on request. Please note that some sensitive commercial information will be redacted. If you have any questions or concerns related to international data transfers, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Data Privacy Framework
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles  with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the UK (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and (ii)the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “DPF Principles”).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The types of personal information we receive in the U.S., as well as the purposes for which we collect and use it, are set out in Sections II and III titled “The personal information we process” and “How we use your personal information (our purposes) and our legal basis for processing it”. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where personal information we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party, or is to be used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you otherwise wish to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Information about the types of third parties to which we disclose personal information and the purposes for which we do so is described in Section VI titled “How we share your personal information and who we share it with”.
If we have received your personal information in the U.S. and subsequently transfer that information to a third party acting as an agent, and such third-party agent processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we will remain liable unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are located in the EEA, UK (inc. Gibraltar) or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us via the contact details provided below. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity and we will respond to your request in accordance with the DPF Principles and applicable data protection laws. You may also opt-out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from us by writing to us at the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Liftoff Mobile, Inc. at:
DPO@liftoff.io
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF-related complaints or disputes within forty-five (45) days of receipt.
We commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolutionfor more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If your complaint is not resolved by us or by JAMS, you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Please see
here
for additional information.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. We may be required to disclose personal information we handle under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We reserve the right to amend this section from time to time consistent with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF requirements.
VI. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
We do not sell your personal information in personally identifiable form to anyone. However, we do share your personal information with third parties as described below. If you have consented to us sharing your personal information but later change your mind, you may contact us and we will cease any such activity.
Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You will be able to recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is necessary and related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies. This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information that we collect through the Site and Services. If you have any questions about these practices, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and people, for example cloud service providers (“Third Party Service Providers”), such as Amazon Web Services, Dropbox, Salesforce and
Unity Technologies
to perform tasks e.g., provide computer and network infrastructure services on our behalf or as advertising exchange partners and we may need to share your information with them to provide products or Services to you. We only share your personal information with Third Party Service Providers to the extent necessary for them to assist us and they do not have any right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We may also work with Google to deliver the best advertising opportunities to its clients through the use of remarketing tags. Traffic Clients and other data subjects can consult Google’s policies to learn more about Google’s processing policies
here
.
Third Party Digital Advertising Partners
If you are a Targeted End User, we will share data about you with Partners, to be used by those Partners for advertising-related purposes, including establishing (on behalf of advertisers) whether to bid on the opportunity to show you ads. When we share data in this manner, we will also share with the relevant Partner details about whether you have consented to, or objected to, the use of your data by the Partner for specified purposes.
Group Companies
We may provide your personal information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf to provide the Site and the Services to you. These parties are required to process such information based on our instructions and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. They do not have any independent right to share this information.
Compliance with laws and legal proceedings
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Merger or Acquisition
If Liftoff Mobile, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
VII. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us.  Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer over the Internet to us
We take appropriate steps to pseudonymize your personal information. For Targeted End Users, the advertising device IDs (which are the only per-user identifiers that we track, and can be reset by the user at any time) are SHA1-hashed before insertion. Since SHA1 is a one-way hashing algorithm, the original raw advertising device ID cannot be reverse-engineered from the hashed version.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
VIII. DATA RETENTION
If you have provided us with personal information for the purposes of holding an account with us, we will retain your information (including personal information) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services.
If we hold information about you through any other means we shall only process this information for as long as is necessary for the purpose and in any event for no longer than 28 days.
Information relating to Targeted End Users is retained for 30 days in pseudonymized form before it is automatically deleted from our active database. Backups are stored indefinitely.
We will delete it after the timescales stated above, except we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
IX. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
We perform the following automated decision-making processes using your personal information:
To build lookalike targeting models to target users who are similar to the Customer’s existing users. Our Machine Learning does this automatically for every Customer. The more upfront device IDs Liftoff has, the more beneficial this is.
For power predictive ML features e.g. users who have purchased in the past are much more likely to purchase again in the future
To exclude existing users from User Acquisition campaigns, and power targeting rules for re-engagement campaigns e.g. target users who have registered but not purchased.
We have implemented measures to safeguard the rights and interests of individuals whose personal data is subject to automated decision-making. Our technical and organizational security measures can be provided on request.
When we make an automated decision about you, you have the right to contest the decision, to express your point of view, and to require a human review of the decision. You can exercise this right by contacting us using the contact details provided under Section IV titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
X. YOUR RIGHTS
Opting-out of interest-based advertising from Liftoff
As described in this Privacy Policy, third parties may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on, for example, your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements by clicking
here
(or if located in the EEA, click
here
)
. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
Refer to our
opt out page
for instructions on how to opt-out of interest-based advertising when you are a Targeted End User.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at DPO@liftoff.io at any time. You have the following rights:
Right of access.  You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you.  You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the UK or EEA.
Right to correct or update your personal information.  You have a right to request a correction or update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect.
Right to request deletion of your personal information.  You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
Right to restrict use of your information. You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to opt-out or stop marketing communications. You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  You may contact us using the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose but we will still send you non-promotional emails (as applicable), such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Right to data portability. You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services. This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means.
Right to object.  You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. Contact details for supervisory authorities in the EEA are available
here
and for the UK
here
.  Certain supervisory authorities will require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.  We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
XI. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use). If you are under 16, please do not attempt to use the Site or register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to us or use the Site or the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible unless your parent or guardian has provided us with their consent for your use of our Site or Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
XII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XIII. COMPLAINTS, QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS
We have a Data Protection Officer to assist with all queries regarding our processing of personal information who can be contacted at DPO@liftoff.io. If you have complaints about our Site or Services, please contact us at: DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
In the EEA/ UK, you may contact our representatives:
Jurisdiction
Representative
EEA
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff GmBH
Torstrabe 146/Linienstrabe 86, 10119, Berlin, Germany
UK
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff Mobile Limited
Drapers House, 76-78 Clerkenwell Road, EC1M 5QA, London, UK
You may also make a compliant to the appropriate data protection authority for data protection matters or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 15
http://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 16
https://www.tiktok.com/en/privacy-policy:
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.
Sub-policy 17
https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/:
Sorry, we couldn't find that page.
Navigate back to the homepage below.
Back to home
Sub-policy 18
https://appfigures.com/privacy:
This site requires javascript to work properly. Please enable javascript and
reload
the page.
Products
Universal Analytics
All Your Apps in One Dashboard
ASO Tools
Master App Store Optimization
App Intelligence
Strengthen Your Competitive Edge
Market Research
Discover Trends with Exclusive Data
Review Monitoring
Read & Reply to Reviews
Pricing
Resources
All
App Teardowns
Keyword Teardowns
ASO Guides
This Week in Apps
Insights
YouTube
Podcast
Resources
Top Apps
Top Apps
Top SDKs
Top Apps
Log in
Sign up
Personal data we collect
When you use our platform we may collect personal information about you. The information that we may collect broadly falls into the following categories:
Information you provide to us:
In the course of engaging with our services, you may provide personal information about yourself when you sign up for and use the service, consult with our support team, integrate the services with another website or service, or communicate with us in any other way. Such information includes your email address, personal and company name, and billing information if you are on a paid plan.
Information we collect automatically:
When you use the platform through the website, API, or our mobile apps, we may automatically collect certain information about your device and usage patterns. We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect some of this information. We use this information to improve our service and provide you with an overall better experience. You can opt-out of these non-essential tracking cookies.
You are opted-in to our tracking cookies. Uncheck this box to opt-out.
Your linked accounts are secure
Some reports require that you link your developer accounts. To connect to your linked accounts automatically, we may need to store sensitive information such as your username, password, or API key ("Credentials"). We store credentials securely and only use them to import new data into your account. Your credentials are always stored encrypted and are never displayed in your account.
You have full control of your data
We give you complete control over your reports data, personal settings, and private information. You can delete reports and credentials at any time – those reports will be deleted in their entirety permanently from our platform.
We don't keep more than we have to
We store only information pertinent to displaying reports that are relevant to your account. We do not save or access any other data, for any other purpose. Where possible, the original raw data we store can be viewed through the archive, downloaded, and deleted at any time.
When you close your account your private information, including your signin information and linked account credentials, are removed immediately. Removed credentials cannot be recovered.
We'll never share your private data directly
We don't, and will never, share or sell any private data that's been imported into your account directly with any third party.
You can opt out of anonymous data sharing
We offer the ability to contribute data anonymously so we can create new features and give you market insights and trends. Contributing is completely optional and enables access to tools such as the Mobile Performance Index. You can turn off anonymous data sharing at any time.
Learn more
Encryption for all sensitive data
We utilize advanced encryption approved and used by the U.S government to encrypt all sensitive and private information, including your account password and the passwords for any external accounts you link to the platform.
Contact
If you have any questions about this agreement, please contact us
here
.
You may also contact us by mail:
Appfigures, Inc.
133 Chrystie St. 3rd Fl.
New York, NY 10002.
Updated 8/2/2024
Sub-policy 19
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 20
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Legal & Security
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on
January 1, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes how DigitalOcean, LLC and its affiliates (“DigitalOcean,” “we,” “our” or “us”) collect, use, and share Personal Information (including “Personal Data,” as those terms are defined under applicable law) in connection with your use of our websites (including
www.digitalocean.com
,
www.cloudways.com
, and related domains and websites), services, and applications (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) does not apply to information or content our customers may process when using our Services.
If you are looking for California-specific information, check out our
CCPA Privacy Notice
as well, which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy.
We may collect and receive information about users of our Services (“users,” “you,” or “your”) from various sources, including: (i) information you provide through your user account on the Services (your “Account”) if you register for the Services; (ii) your use of the Services; and (iii) from third-party websites, services, and partners.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full, including the Additional Disclosures referenced at the bottom of this document, to ensure you are fully informed. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or DigitalOcean’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, please contact us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
1.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information about you as follows:
Personal Information You Provide: We collect Personal Information when you register for an Account to use our Services or communicate with us as follows
I.
Account Registration.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including your name, company name, address and/or your city and country of residence and postal code, email address, payment method information including your PayPal ID and transaction information, business information, a profile image in connection with use of certain of our Services if you choose to provide one, and telephone number. If you choose to refer a friend to our Services, we may also collect your friend’s email address so that we may send them a referral or promotional code to sign up for our Services.
II.
Payment Information.
When you add your financial account information to your Account, that information is directed to our third-party payment processors. We do not store your financial account information on our systems; however, we have access to, and may retain, subscriber information we receive from  through our third-party payment processors.
III.
User Content.
When you use our Services, we collect Personal Information that is included in the input, file uploads, or feedback that you provide our Services. For example, our “Community” feature allows you to publicly post content on our Services. By registering for our Community, you agree that your profile information and the content you post may be viewed and used by other users and third parties we do not control.
IV.
Communication Information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
V.
Other Information You Provide.
We collect other information that you may provide to us such as when you participate in events, surveys, research activities, or information you provide to establish your identity.
Personal Information we Receive Automatically: When you interact with or use our Services, we receive the following information:
I.
Log Data.
Information that your browser or device automatically sends when you use our Services including but not limited to your IP address.
II.
Device and Configuration Information.
Information including the type of the device you are using, operating system, configuration information, device identifiers, location of files and other data, and browser type and settings.
III.
Usage Data.
When you use our Services, we may collect information about your engagement with and utilization of our Services, such as processor and memory usage, storage capacity, navigation of our Services, system-level metrics, etc. We use this Usage Data to operate and improve the Services, maintain and improve the performance and utilization of the Services, develop new features, products, or functionality, protect the security and safety of our Services and our customers, and provide customer support. We also use this Usage Data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, improve, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business.
IV.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
We use cookies and similar technologies to operate and administer the Services and personalize and improve your experience with them. We may also store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and/or clear gifs to record your preferences, to collect information about your use of our Services, about the functionality of our Services, frequency of visits, and other information related to your interactions with the Services. For more information on how we use cookies and similar technologies, please visit the Cookie Policy.
Information We Receive from Third Parties.
I.
Third-Party Accounts.
If you choose to link our Services to a third-party account, we will receive information about that account, such as your authentication token from the third-party account, to authorize linking. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts to learn about your options.
2.
How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for the following purposes and in accordance with the legal bases outlined below:
Purpose
Examples
Legal bases
To provide, operate, administer, maintain, improve, expand, personalize, and analyze your Usage Data, and to develop new products, Services, features, or functionality based on your Usage Data
To create, update, and manage your DigitalOcean account or improve the Services based on Usage Data we collect
Performance of a contract or legitimate interest
To process your transactions
To share and receive information about your payment method and transaction data from our payment processors
Performance of a contract or legitimate interest
To complete surveys or conduct research
To develop new services, solutions, and products or get feedback from you on existing services
Legitimate interest
To communicate with you (either directly or through a partner) including to send you information about our Services or events or to provide you customer service
To manage your online requests for more information or demos or to contact you if needed
Take steps prior to entering into a contract or performance of a contract
To send you marketing or promotional materials
To send you marketing and promotional materials about DigitalOcean services
Legitimate interest
To prevent fraud or misuse of our Services, and to protect the security and integrity of our Services, IT systems, network, and architecture
To investigate suspicious or fraudulent activity, to protect our business from fraud or risk, to take action in the event of a security breach, or to investigate any disputes
Legitimate interest
To comply with legal obligations and protect our, your, and third parties’ rights, privacy, safety, or security
To comply with legal obligations and manage your data access and deletion requests
Legal and regulatory obligations to which DigitalOcean is subject
3.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our Services, for promotional and/or marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information.
Aggregate Information.
Where legally permissible, we may use and share information about users with our partners in aggregated or de-identified form that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Advertising.
We work with third-party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. These advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies on our Services, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they may collect over time and across different online services. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. To learn more about these programs, or opt-out of personalized ads, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory program for Online Behavioral Advertising at
www.aboutads.info
, or the Network Advertising Initiative at
www.networkadvertising.org
.
Third-Party Partners.
We also share information about users with third-party partners in order to receive additional publicly available information about you.
Information We Share When You Sign Up Through a Referral.
If you sign up for our Services through a referral from a friend, we may share information with your referrer to let them know that you used their referral to sign up for our Services.
Analytics.
We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect non-identifying information. Google provides some additional privacy options regarding its Analytics cookies at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Business Transfers.
Information may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to any potential acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any proposed merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request including requests made by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
With Your Consent.
We may share information with your consent.
Other Third Parties.
We may share your Personal Information with other third parties, such as other cloud hosting providers, such as, for example, when you use our Cloudways Service.
4.
Third-party Services
You may access other third-party offerings through the Services, for example by clicking on links to those third-party offerings from within the Services. DigitalOcean is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third-party offerings, and we encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies. For the avoidance of doubt, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of third party services or sites. By providing these links to third parties, we do not endorse those third party services or sites and such links are provided for your convenience and informational purposes only.
5.
Security
DigitalOcean is committed to data security. To do so, we employ a variety of security technologies and measures designed to help protect information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information.
For more information on DigitalOcean’s security controls, please see the following resources:
Data Processing Agreement (DPA)
Certification Reports
6.
Data Retention
We retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide you our Services, or for other legitimate business purposes such as resolving disputes, safety and security reasons, or complying with our legal obligations. How long we retain Personal Information will depend on a number of factors, such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, our purpose for processing the information, and any legal requirements.
7.
Access
If you are a registered user, you may access certain information associated with your Account by logging into our Services or emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
. If you terminate your Account, any public activity on your Account prior to deletion may remain stored on our servers and may remain accessible to the public.
To help protect your privacy and security, we may also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before updating or removing your information. The information you provide us may be archived or stored periodically by us according to backup processes conducted in the ordinary course of business for disaster recovery purposes. Your ability to access and correct your information may be temporarily limited where access and correction could: (i) inhibit DigitalOcean’s ability to comply with a legal obligation; (ii) inhibit DigitalOcean’s ability to investigate, make or defend legal claims; (iii) result in disclosure of personal data about a third party; or (iv) result in breach of a contract or disclosure of trade secrets or other proprietary business information belonging to DigitalOcean or a third party.
8.
Your Data Protection Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“UK”), you have the following data protection rights:
Right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your Personal Information, which you can do at any time by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to delete your Personal Information by deactivating and purging your Account in your control panel settings (e.g.,
https://cloud.digitalocean.com/settings
). All Account data will be deleted within 90 days of purging.
Right to object to the processing of your Personal Information, asking us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information, or requesting portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to withdraw your consent, if we have collected and processed your Personal Information with your consent.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
9.
Your Choices
You can use some of the features of the Services without registering, thereby limiting the type of information that we collect.
You may unsubscribe from receiving certain promotional emails from us. If you wish to do so, simply follow the instructions found at the end of the email.
Many browsers have an option for disabling cookies, which may prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or enable selective use of cookies. Please note that, if you choose not to accept cookies, some features and the personalization of our Services may no longer work for you.
10.
Children’s Privacy
DigitalOcean does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and children under 13 are prohibited from using our Services. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
11.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time, so please review it frequently. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our websites. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through our Services, we will notify you through our Services, on this page, by email, or other communication.
12.
International Data Transfers
With respect to Personal Data of Data Subjects located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom that Customer transfers to DigitalOcean or permits DigitalOcean to access, the parties agree that by executing the DPA they also execute the Standard Contractual Clauses, which will be incorporated by reference and form an integral part of the DPA. The parties agree that, with respect to the elements of the Standard Contractual Clauses that require the parties’ input, Schedules 1-3 contain all the relevant information.
DigitalOcean, LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. DigitalOcean has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension.  DigitalOcean has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the “DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. DigitalOcean’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Please also refer to our
GDPR FAQ
and
Data Processing Agreement
for more information about data transfers.
DigitalOcean complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
DigitalOcean commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact DigitalOcean using the details provided below.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, DigitalOcean LLC commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of AAA are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found in Annex 1 of the DPF Principles.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
or write to us at:
DigitalOcean
101 6th Ave
New York, NY 10013
ATTN: Legal
The data controller of your personal information is DigitalOcean, LLC.
Additional Disclosures
CCPA Privacy Notice
Prior Versions of our Privacy Policy
May 14, 2024
October 6, 2023
July 5, 2023
June 14, 2022
July 30, 2020
©
2025
DigitalOcean, LLC.
Sitemap
.