Privacy Policy
Last updated February 2025 - Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting the information we hold about you. This Privacy Policy is to let you know how Lendable gathers and processes your personal information. This privacy notice also explains how others, such as third parties, and other companies in the Lendable Operations Ltd group will process your personal information.
If you have any questions or want to exercise any of your rights set out in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
contact@lendable.co.uk
.
Certain sections of this Privacy Policy may only apply to customers who hold certain accounts with us (for example, a Zable credit card account, or a loan account). If this is the case, we have made this clear in this Privacy Policy.
Who are we?
We are Lendable Limited, trading as Zable. Our registered office is at Telephone House, 69-77 Paul St, London, EC2A 4NW and we are registered in England and Wales under company number 08828186. We are registered on the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) Register of Data Controllers under registration number ZA041704.
We can be contacted:
by post at Lendable, Telephone House, 69-77 Paul St, London, EC2A 4NW; or
For cards: by email at
cards@zable.co.uk
or by phone on
020 3322 9128
.
For loans: by email at
loans@zable.co.uk
or by phone on
020 3835 6030
; and
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by post at the address above.
How do we collect personal information?
We collect personal data about you in the following ways:
directly from you when you fill in forms on our site, use the Zable app or correspond with us by email, phone or otherwise;
by observing how you access and use our products and services. For example, how you use our website or how you manage your accounts with us;
from organisations that have your consent to share your data with us or for a separate legal basis for a specific or defined purpose. This could include for direct marketing or assessing your eligibility for a partner's product which may be suitable for you;
from public sources, for instance the Companies House register, the individual insolvency register, the ‘Open Register' part of the electoral register
from search engine results, or your interactions with us (for example, through social media);
from third party organisations such as Credit Reference Agencies and Fraud Prevention Agencies. The Credit Reference Agencies provide information on your financial behaviour. This is referred to as your credit history and gives lenders information on how you manage your finances (including things like your mortgage, credit cards overdrafts, loans, mobile phone contracts, and utilities)
What personal information do we collect?
We may hold and use various types of personal information collected at the start of, and during your relationship with us. We will limit the collection and processing of these personal data to what is necessary to achieve the purposes identified in this notice.
The information you provide to us must be correct, accurate, complete and not misleading.
Personal information may include:
personal details including your name, address, previous address, phone numbers, email address, date of birth, employment status and home ownership details;
financial and banking information including account details and transactional information;
demographic and lifestyle information;
behavioural biometrics (information such as the way you use your device for our app or online service, or when making online payments or payments through our app);
information collected from Credit References and Fraud Prevention agencies. We will collect this information at the point you first enquire about your Zable credit card or your Zable loan and on a continuing basis as we manage your card;
details of the Zable credit card(s) and/or the Zable loan(s) that you hold and have held with us;
details of any contacts that we have had with you;
details of how you applied for your Zable credit card or your Zable loan (for example which browser you applied with);
details of any contact with us including any telephone, email or other communication with you;
information collected through customer feedback surveys;
tenancy related data if the rent reporting feature is made available to you in the Zable App and you give authorisation for such reporting. Tenancy data includes but is not limited to: tenancy start date, contract length, tenants named on the contract, rent information, and contact data;
open banking data that you have authorised us to access;
credit score and credit report related data from Equifax if you instruct them to provide us with this data on your behalf, to allow us to provide you with insights into your credit history and the factors affecting your score; and
in some circumstances we may also collect and process special categories of personal information. In particular, we may process personal data that relates to your health (such as your medical history), biometric data, and any other information relating to criminal convictions and offences. This is to help ensure that our services are accessible and so that we can offer appropriate levels of support where required.
How do we use your personal information?
We may use your information:
to process and complete your application for a Zable credit card or a loan;
to supply services to you, including through the Zable App;
to search Credit Reference Agencies' (
"CRAs"
) and Fraud Prevention Agencies' records. For example, if you apply for a product with us, we may make periodic searches at CRAs to offer you other products and services which we consider to be of interest to you;
to make an initial lending decision and to assess your eligibility for additional borrowing;
to set up and process payments and prevent fraudulent transactions;
to communicate effectively with you when applying for, agreeing to and undertaking the Zable credit card and/or loan agreement(s),
to effectively answer and manage any questions, concerns or complaints you may have;
to update our records and maintain your account with us;
to offer you products and/or services that may be of interest to you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes. This may us include making periodic searches at Credit Reference Agencies;
to monitor, review and improve the content and appearance of our website, to ensure it is presented in the most effective manner for you;
to maintain and develop our business systems, including without limitation, testing and upgrading them;
to trace your whereabouts if we cannot contact you;
to recover any money you owe us;
to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
for any other specific purpose which we notify you of at the time your personal information is collected;
to pre-populate fields on our site to make it easier for you to navigate when you return to our website and login as an existing customer;
to help us analyse our business and develop marketing strategies, develop products and improve our advertising materials; and
to share your personal information (for example, your mobile number and email address), in a secure format, with social media companies who can match this to personal information they already hold about you so they can display messages to you about our products and services. If you do not want us to share your personal information with social media companies for this purpose, you can tell us not to.
We may monitor and record calls, emails, SMS and other communications to ensure transactions are executed correctly, detecting any vulnerabilities you may have, and for security, quality control, training and fraud prevention purposes.
If we cannot offer you a product, we may check your eligibility for loans and/or other relevant credit products from our panel of trusted lenders and brokers. We will always seek your consent to do this and in assessing eligibility our partners will always use soft checks which will not impact your credit file.
Our partners include:
Aro Finance Limited
https://aro.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
,
https://aro.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Creditec Limited
https://legal.creditec.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
,
https://legal.creditec.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Why do we process your personal information?
We will only collect and use your personal information where it is necessary for us to carry out our lawful business activities. Our grounds for processing your data are as follows
Contractual necessity
We may process your information where it is necessary to enter into a contract with you or to perform our obligations under that contract or any service you have given us authorisation to carry out. Please note that if you do not agree to provide us with the requested information, it may not be possible for us to continue to operate your account and/or provide products and services to you.
This may include processing to:
assess your eligibility for the products and services we provide;
sharing information to assess your creditworthiness with credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies, and account information service providers;
assess your eligibility for similar products including new loans and credit cards. This may include making periodic searches at credit reference agencies; and
provide and administer the products we offer, including:
setting up your account;
verifying your contact information;
collecting and providing to you required information and documents including statements and formal notices;
disbursing money and processing payments;
to manage fees, charges and interest due on your account;
to send you service communications and notices required by law;
to collect and recover outstanding sums owed to us;
to provide you with insights into your credit history and the factors affecting your credit score; and
to address any enquiries or complaints we receive from you or a representative you have appointed.
Legal obligation
We may process your data where it is a legal or statutory obligation on us.
This may include processing to:
confirm your identity;
detect, investigate and report transactions in order to comply with laws relating to money laundering, financial crime and international sanctions;
assess affordability of any credit products for which you apply;
detecting, investigating and reporting financial crime, and taking measures to prevent this;
maintain records of our business as required by law, e.g. creating and keeping record of company accounts;
complying with laws which require us to provide information, directly or indirectly to any national authority, for the purpose of calculating and collection of tax;
responding to enquiries and requests for information by any of our Regulators including the Financial Conduct Authority and Information Commissioner's Office;
creating and submitting reports required by any of our regulators;
to otherwise meet our obligations under all laws and regulations based on law which apply to our business activities; and
where we have a duty to protect vulnerable customers and provide them with support.
Legitimate interest
We may process your information when we have a business or commercial reason to do so. If we do, it must not unfairly go against what is right and best for you. If we rely on our legitimate interest, we will tell you what that is.
This may include processing to:
develop new products and services and identifying which may be of interest to you;
give you information about our products and services that you may be interested in;
share information with you about our products or services that may be of interest to you by using social media companies;
contacting you to make you aware of such products and services, where we have the relevant permission to do so. This may include a reasonable period after your relationship has ceased with us;
collect information in order to perform statistical analysis, analytics and profiling, for example, to create scorecards, models and variables in connection with the assessment of credit, fraud, vulnerabilities, risk or to verify identities, to monitor and predict market trends, and for analysis such as loss forecasting;
monitor, review and improve the content and appearance of our website or app(s), to ensure that content from our website or app(s) is presented in the most effective manner for you assess how our customers use our website, products and services;
maintain and develop our business systems, including without limitation, testing and upgrading them;
share information with organisations who introduce you to us under a commercial agreement;
share information to assess your creditworthiness;
assess your eligibility for credit line increases;
assess your eligibility for other products including fixed term loans. This may include making periodic searches at Credit Reference Agencies and using data from account information service providers;
recover monies owed;
sell debts to other firms;
share with third parties for the purpose of preventing fraud and financial crime; and
obtain finance for the products we provide.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We may use third party companies to provide services on our behalf. This may require these organisations to access and process your personal data.
These may include:
credit reference agencies;
fraud prevention agencies including CIFAS;
account information service providers;
our service providers and agents (including their subcontractors). This may include but is not limited to:
debt collection agencies and debt management companies and companies specialising in customer reconnection and general information gathering visits;
communications service providers offering mail, email and SMS text services. For example, we may use a third-party tool to enhance our service and assist in responding to your enquiries sent via live chat or email. Your personal data will only be shared with this tool if you disclose it. Lendable will not directly share any account-specific information with this tool; and
third parties providing services to us which are necessary for our legitimate interests and where permitted by law, e.g. AI-powered assistant tools to help enhance our service offering, or to support us with the delivery of services to you.
debt purchasers;
customer survey providers in order to receive feedback and improve our services (including Trustpilot who will invite you to share your opinion about your service experience with us);
IT service providers;
data security providers for debugging and product improvement purposes;
legal services;
digital and direct marketing service providers;
payment processors;
trusted lenders and brokers who will assess your eligibility for products;
prospective assignees of your account;
providers of payment-processing services and other businesses that help us process your payments, as well as other financial institutions that are members of the payment scheme (for example, Visa). For example, where you have taken out a loan with us, we use GoCardless to process your Direct Debit payments. More information on how GoCardless processes your personal data and your data protection rights, including your right to object, is available at
https://gocardless.com/legal/privacy
;
anyone we transfer or delegate (or may transfer or delegate) our rights or obligations to, as allowed under the terms and conditions of any contract you have with us; and
your advisers (such as accountants, lawyers and other professional advisers) who you have authorised to represent you, or any other person you have told us is authorised to give instructions, or use the account, products or services, on your behalf (such as under a power of attorney); and
other subsidiary companies belonging to the Lendable Operations Ltd group of companies (including to provide you with products or services, for marketing purposes, and for internal reporting).
Sending personal data outside of the EEA
To deliver services to you, we, or one of our service providers, may transfer your personal data to countries outside either the UK or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), whose personal data protection laws are less strict than in the UK or the EEA.
Where we or one of our service providers do so, we will make sure suitable safeguards are in place to protect your personal data, in line with data protection law. The safeguards we use will depend on the circumstances and the third party who we transfer data to, but include relevant clauses in contracts or the ICO’s International Data Transfer Agreement to make sure the personal data is sent and received in line with any laws that apply.
Please contact
contact@lendable.co.uk
if you want to know more details about the above safeguards or obtain a copy of the standard contractual clauses we use to transfer data outside the UK and the EEA.
How do we use Credit Reference Agencies?
If you instruct Equifax to provide us with your credit score and credit report through the Zable App, we will provide you with insights into your credit history and the factors affecting your credit score.
If you choose to apply for a product with us, we will perform credit and identity checks on you with one or more credit reference agencies (“CRAs”) to allow us to process your application. Where you take services from us we may also make periodic searches at CRAs to manage your account with us and assess eligibility for new loan products after your loan has ended. To do this, we will supply your personal information to CRAs and they will give us information about you. This will include information from your credit application and about your financial situation and financial history. CRAs will supply to us both public (including the electoral register) and shared credit, financial situation and financial history information and fraud prevention information.
We will use this information to:
assess your creditworthiness and whether you can afford to take the product;
verify the accuracy of the data you have provided to us;
prevent criminal activity, fraud and money laundering;
manage your account(s);
trace and recover debts;
ensure any offers provided to you are appropriate to your circumstances and
assess your eligibility for a similar loan product after your loan has ended.
We will continue to exchange information about you with CRAs while you have a relationship with us. (Periods after where will have an obligation to report) We will also inform the CRAs about your accounts including settled accounts. If you borrow and do not repay in full and on time, CRAs will record the outstanding debt and payment performance. This information may be supplied to other organisations by CRAs.
When CRAs receive a search from us they will place a search footprint on your credit file that may be seen by other lenders.
Where you have a financial association with someone your records may be linked, so you should discuss your application with them before you make it. CRAs will also link your records together and these links will remain on your and their files until such time as you or your partner successfully file for a disassociation with the CRAs to break that link.
The identities of the CRAs, their role also as fraud prevention agencies, the data they hold, the ways in which they use and share personal information, data retention periods and your data protection rights with the CRAs are explained in more detail at
https://www.transunion.co.uk/crain
. If you’d like to understand how credit reference agencies use and share personal data (including the legitimate interests they pursue) please read the Credit Reference Agency Information Notices (CRAIN) is also accessible from each of the three CRAs
Clicking on any of these three links will also take you to the same CRAIN document:
TransUnion:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/crain
Experian:
https://www.experian.co.uk/crain
Equifax:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/crain
Rent Reporting Feature:
When using the Zable App, and provided this feature is made available to you, you may ask us to report your rental payments and track record as a tenant with Equifax. Equifax will add this information to the credit reference data it holds about you and use it as a controller, in accordance with its fair processing notice (a copy of which can be found at
https://www.equifax.co.uk/About-us/Privacy_policy.html
), including so that it can be used to assist other landlords and organisations to:
assess and manage any new tenancy agreements you may enter into;
assess your financial standing to provide you with suitable products and services;
manage any accounts that you may already hold, for example reviewing suitable products or adjusting your current product in light of Your current circumstances;
contact you in relation to any accounts you may have and recovering debts that you may owe;
verify your identity and address to help them make decisions about services they offer;
help prevent crime, fraud and money laundering;
screen marketing offers to make sure they are appropriate to Your circumstances;
for Equifax to undertake statistical analysis, analytics and profiling; and
and for Equifax to conduct system and product testing and database processing activities, such as data loading, data matching and data linkage.
Please be aware that Equifax may continue to hold and use your information following any termination of your credit card or loan agreement with us.
How do we work with Fraud Prevention Agencies?
The personal information we have collected from you will be shared with fraud prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money laundering and to verify your identity. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment.
The Fair Processing Notices for Cifas
provides further details on how your information will be used by us and these fraud prevention agencies, and your data protection rights.
How do we use Account Information Service Providers?
We use a tool provided by TrueLayer Limited (
www.truelayer.com
) ("TrueLayer") that allows you to send information on your payment accounts to us and other service providers. In order to use this service, you will be asked to agree to their Terms of Service and enter your payment account details with TrueLayer or, for Open Banking connections, you will be redirected to your bank by TrueLayer in order to authenticate yourself.
The Terms of Service set out the terms on which you agree to TrueLayer accessing information on your payment accounts for the purposes of transmitting that information to us.
TrueLayer is subject to UK and EU data protection laws and is required to treat your data in accordance with those laws, as well as the Terms of Service and TrueLayer’s
Privacy Policy
.
TrueLayer is authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority under the Payment Services Regulations 2017 to provide account information services and payment initiation services (Firm Reference Number: 901096). We may also obtain Open Banking data from other third parties which may include details of your transactions with other financial institutions.
Consequences of Processing
If we, or a fraud prevention agency, determine that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk, we may refuse to provide the services or financing you have requested, or we may stop providing existing services to you.
A record of any fraud or money laundering risk will be retained by the fraud prevention agencies, and may result in others refusing to provide services, financing or employment to you. If you have any questions about this, please contact us on the details above.
Data Transfers
Whenever fraud prevention agencies transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area, they impose contractual obligations on the recipients of that data to protect your personal data to the standard required in the European Economic Area. They may also require the recipient to subscribe to ‘international frameworks' intended to enable secure data sharing.
How can you amend your preferences?
When we first collect your data we will give you the opportunity to amend your preferences. Any electronic marketing communications we send you will include clear and concise instructions to follow should you wish to unsubscribe at any time. You may also amend your contact preferences in the following ways or by logging into your online account and amending details there;
by logging into your online account and amending details there;
by emailing us at
cards@zable.co.uk
; or
by calling us on
020 3322 9128
.
What are your personal data rights?
As a data subject, you have a number of rights:
the right to access the personal data we hold about you;
the right to rectify inaccurate personal data or complete it if it is incomplete;
the right to have your personal data deleted;
the right to request restriction of or suppression of your personal data;
the right to obtain and make use of your personal data for your own purposes across different services (“
portability
”);
the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances;
rights related to automated decision-making including profiling, and
the right to withdraw consent at any time
. In certain circumstances, we may need to get your consent before we can access or process your personal data. If this happens, we will always ask for your consent first. If you have given us consent in the past but subsequently change your mind, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing
cards@zable.co.uk
.
Your data protection rights are subject to certain restrictions and conditions and financial organisations are required to retain a range of your information for legal and regulatory reasons including responsible lending and the prevention of financial crime. We are required to keep a record of the information reported to the Credit Reference Agencies about you and will therefore retain repayment information regarding your account for six years from the end of the relationship (where your account settled and closed). If your account is recorded as defaulted, the data is kept for six years from the date of the default. This may be extended where we require this to bring or defend legal claims.
If you think that any of the personal data we hold about you is wrong or incomplete you have the right to challenge it.
We will not make a charge for handling your rights request, unless we consider it to be manifestly unfounded or excessive involving a disproportionate effort (particularly if this is repeated request). If you would like to exercise any of the rights outlined above, you can make a request by calling
020 3322 9128
or in writing by emailing
cards@zable.co.uk
.
We will assess your request and if we decide not to act upon it or place certain restrictions on it, we will inform you of our reasons for this.
You have the right to complain to us and to the data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner's Office. Their address is: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF. They can be contacted by phone on 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545745 if you prefer to use a national rate number.
You can find details on how to report a concern at:
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint
‘Special categories' of personal data
We will not typically ask you for any ‘special categories' of personal data. This is also referred to as ‘sensitive personal data' and includes information revealing an individual's political opinions, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health or data concerning an individual's sex life or sexual orientation.
We may process personal data about your health or medical conditions, where we need to understand this to provide you with support, or to make adjustments in how we provide you with information or provide you with additional services that you may need. Companies acting on our behalf specialising in identifying vulnerable customers or customer reconnection and information gathering visits may also process personal data about your health or medical conditions for this purpose. If we process such data, we will do so to comply with our legal obligations to support you if you are, or become a vulnerable customer, and to establish, take or defend any legal action.
How long do we keep your personal information?
We will retain your personal data for as long as we are required to under relevant legislation and regulation, and where no specific rules apply, for no longer than it is necessary for our lawful purposes. This will usually be no more than six years from the end of our relationship with you. The retention period of your personal data may need to be extended where we require this to bring or defend legal claims.
We may also retain data for longer periods for statistical purposes, and if so we will anonymise this.
How do we protect your information?
We use leading cloud services that have adopted industry security best practice frameworks to protect your data in transit and at rest.
How do we use automated decisions?
We may use your personal data in
automated processes
to make decisions about you. You have the right not to be subject to a decision based on solely automated processing, if this will have a legal or other significant effect on you (certain exceptions apply).
We use automated decision making in:
credit scoring and affordability assessment. We use data collected from yourself through online forms, your use of our site and Credit Reference Agencies and other third parties to assess your creditworthiness and affordability of the product applied for. If you do not agree with the decision you have the right to appeal the outcome of these automated decisions and ask for them to be reconsidered manually. Lendable may require additional relevant information to be provided by you before human oversight of a specific decision will take place;
managing fraud and money laundering risk identification. If our processing reveals your behaviour to be consistent with money laundering or known fraudulent conduct, or is inconsistent with information that you have provided previously, or you appear to have deliberately hidden your true identity we may decide that you pose a fraud and money laundering risk;
profiling to identify whether you are suitable for products and services we offer and to inform you of these. This profiling will be conducted by ourselves when assessing suitability of existing customers for new loans or credit limit increases on the Zable credit card. We will use profiling in conjunction with our partners when developing new prospect marketing campaigns; and
determining appropriate action to take, where your account has gone into arrears or default. You have the right for this to be reconsidered manually
How do we link to other sites?
Our website may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us. We urge you to review any privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal information about yourself.
What Cookies and other technologies do we use?
We may use cookie technology on our website to collect some of the information detailed in this Privacy Policy. Cookies are small text files stored on your device or internet browser when you visit us. We use cookies mainly to improve the performance of the Autolend website and our service for our customers. Our Cookie Policy explains in more detail what types of cookies we use, why we use them and how to identify and disable them. You can access our Cookie Policy
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
You can ask us for a copy of this Privacy Notice using the contact details set out above. We may change or update this Privacy Notice from time to time. If changes to this Privacy Notice will have a major effect on what we do with your personal data or on you personally, we will give you enough notice to allow you to exercise your rights (for example, to object to the processing).
Additional information relating to Zable Credit Card Customers:
If you are a Zable credit card customer, please note that our partner, Transact Payments Limited (“TPL”), is the issuer of your payment card and is the independent Data Controller for the personal data which you provide to us in relation to processing undertaken to enable you to use the card.
TPL Privacy Policy
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about you, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
TPL is committed to safeguarding the privacy of your information. By “your data”, "your personal data”, and “your information” we mean any personal data about you which you or third parties provide to us.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page regularly to ensure that you’re happy with any changes.
Who are we?
Transact Payments Limited (“TPL”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is the issuer of your card and is an independent Data Controller for the personal data which you provide to us to enable us to issue and maintain the card services. TPL is an e-money institution, authorised and regulated by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission. Our registered office address is 6.20 World Trade Center, 6 Bayside Road, Gibraltar, GX11 1AA and our registered company number is 108217.
Lendable Limited (trading as ‘Zable’) is the Program Manager for your card program and is an independent Data Controller for any personal data which you provide which is related to facilitating the management of the card program. Lendable Limited is incorporated in England and Wales under company number 08828186 with its registered office at Telephone House, 69-77 Paul St, London EC2A 4NW.
How do we collect your personal data?
We collect information from you when you apply online or via a mobile application for a payments card which is issued by us. We also collect information when you use your card to make transactions. We may also process information from Program Manager, other third- party payment partners and service providers. We also obtain information from third parties (such as fraud prevention agencies) who may check your personal data against any information listed on an Electoral Register and/or other databases. When we process your personal data, we rely on legal bases in accordance with data protection law and this privacy policy. For more information see:
On what legal basis do we process your personal data?
On what legal basis do we process your personal data?
Contract
Your provision of your personal data and our processing of that data is necessary for each of us to carry out our obligations under the contract (known as the Cardholder Agreement or Cardholder Terms & Conditions or similar) which we enter into when you sign up for our payment services. At times, the processing may be necessary so that we can take certain steps, or at your request, prior to entering into that contract, such as verifying your details or eligibility for the payment services. If you fail to provide the personal data which we request, we cannot enter into a contract to provide payment services to you or will take steps to terminate any contract which we have entered into with you.
Legal/Regulatory
We may also process your personal data to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
Legitimate Interests
We, or a third party, may have a legitimate interest to process your personal data, for example:
To analyse and improve the security of our business;
To anonymise personal data and subsequently use anonymized information.
Consent
If it is legally required, we or Program Manager will obtain your consent to share your personal data with third-party providers.
What type of personal data is collected from you?
When you apply for a card, we, or our partners or service providers, collect the following information from you: full name, physical address, email address, mobile phone number, phone number, date of birth, gender, login details, IP address, identity and address verification documents.
When you use your card to make transactions, we store that transactional and financial information. This includes the date, amount, currency, card number, card name, account balances and name of the merchant, creditor or supplier (for example a supermarket or retailer). We also collect information relating to the payments which are made to/from your account. If we are required by law to process additional personal data (for example, if we suspect that there may be fraud related to the use of your card or the payment services linked to it), we will also process that extra personal data.
How is your personal data used?
We use your personal data to:
set up your account, including processing your application for a card, creating your account, verifying your identity and printing your card.
maintain and administer your account, including processing your financial payments, processing the correspondence between us, monitoring your account for fraud and providing a secure internet environment for the transmission of our services.
comply with our regulatory requirements, including anti-money laundering obligations.
improve our services, including creating anonymous data from your personal data for analytical use, including for the purposes of training, testing and system development.
Who do we share your information with?
When we use third-party service partners, we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and confidential.
We may receive and pass your information to the following categories of entity:
identity verification agencies to undertake required verification, regulatory and fraud prevention checks;
information security services organisations, web application hosting providers, mail support providers, network backup service providers and software/platform developers;
document destruction providers;
Mastercard, Visa, digital payment service partners or any third-party providers involved in processing the financial transactions that you make;
anyone to whom we lawfully transfer or may transfer our rights and duties under this agreement;
any third party as a result of any restructure, sale or acquisition of TPL or any associated entity, provided that any recipient uses your information for the same purposes as it was originally supplied to us and/or used by us.
regulatory and law enforcement authorities, whether they are outside or inside of the United Kingdom (UK) or European Economic Area (EEA), where the law requires us to do so.
Sending personal data overseas
To deliver services to you, it is sometimes necessary for us to share your personal information outside the UK/Gibraltar e.g.:
with service providers located outside these areas;
if you are based outside these areas;
where there is an international dimension to the services we are providing to you.
These transfers are subject to special rules under Gibraltar data protection law.
These countries do not have the same data protection laws as Gibraltar. We will, however, ensure the transfer complies with data protection law and all personal information will be secure. We will send your data to countries where the Gibraltar Government has made a ruling of adequacy, meaning that they have ruled that the legislative framework in the country provides an adequate level of data protection for your personal information. You can find out more about adequacy regulations
here
and
here
.
Where we send your data to a country where no adequacy decision has been made, our standard practice is to use standard data protection contract clauses that have been approved by the United Kingdom government and/or the European Commission. You can obtain a copy of the European Commission’s document
here
and the UK’s document
here
.
If you would like further information, please contact our Data Protection Officer on the details below.
How long do we store your personal data?
We will store your information for a period of five years after our business relationship ends in order that we can comply with our obligations under applicable legislation such as anti-money laundering and anti-fraud regulations. If any applicable legislation or changes to this require us to retain your data for a longer or shorter period of time, we shall retain it for that period. We will not retain your data for longer than is necessary.
Your rights regarding your personal data?
You have certain rights regarding the personal data which we process:
You may request a copy of some or all of it.
You may ask us to rectify any data which we hold which you believe to be inaccurate.
You may ask us to erase your personal data (where applicable).
You may ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
You may object to the processing of your personal data (where applicable).
You may ask for the right to data portability.
If you would like us to carry out any of the above, please email your request to the Data Protection Officer at
DPO@transactpay.com
.
How is your information protected?
We recognise the importance of protecting and managing your personal data. Any personal data we process will be treated with appropriate care and security.
These are some of the security measures we have in place:
We use a variety of physical and technical measures to keep your personal data safe.
We have detailed information and security policies to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information.
Your data is stored securely on computer systems with control over access on a limited basis.
Our staff receives data protection and information security training on a regular basis.
We use encryption to protect data at rest and anonymization where applicable.
We have adequate security controls to protect our IT infrastructure and staff computers including but not limited to Identity and Access Management, Firewalls, VPN, Antivirus, Advanced Email Threat Protection and more.
We conduct regular audits such as PCI-DSS to ensure we are following adequate security controls to protect your data.
While we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data will be kept secure from unauthorised access, we cannot guarantee it will be secure during transmission by you to the applicable mobile app, website or other services over the internet. However, once we receive your information, we make appropriate efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
Complaints
We hope that our Data Protection Officer can resolve any query or concern you may raise about our use of your personal information.
The
General Data Protection Regulation
also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in Gibraltar is the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority. Their contact details are as follows:
Gibraltar Regulatory Authority,
2nd floor, Eurotowers 4, 1 Europort Road, Gibraltar.
(+350) 20074636/(+350) 20072166 info@gra.gi
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under review and we regularly update it to keep up with business demands and privacy regulation. We will inform you about any such changes. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 18th February 2025.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the personal information which we hold about you or, please send an email to our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@transactpay.com
.
version: 1.2
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://aro.co.uk/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Aro Data Privacy & Protection
Aro
The kind of personal data we collect & what we do with it
Where do we collect your data from
Who do we share your data with
Transfers within the EEA and outside the EEA
Data Security
Your data rights
How to make a data related complaint
1. Aro
1.1 ‘We’ are Aro Finance Limited t/a ‘Aro’.
1.2 We operate from: Dakota House, Concord Business Park, Wythenshawe, Greater Manchester, M22 0RR, UK.
1.3 We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office (‘ICO’) Z120757X and regulated by them for the purposes of data protection. We are also authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (‘FCA’) in relation to our services.
1.4 Our services are to offer personal credit solutions 24/7, we do this by matching data provided by customers in their ‘Eligibility Check’ (‘EC’) and as part of the overall Eligibility Check process (see below) with suitable credit options. Where there isn’t a suitable credit option we may show an alternative option.
1.5 Upon completion of an Eligibility Check and where you have provided a valid email address or mobile telephone number, we will send you a copy of the options presented to you via email or as a link within an SMS (or both); that way you will have a record in which you can access again or retain for your own records. Should you wish
not
to receive such correspondence, please
do not
submit your consent to the Eligibility Check. Alternatively, you can contact us (and undertake your Eligibility Check) by telephone on the following number: 0800 432 0142.
1.6 We act as a credit broker, not a lender and are paid for the introductions we make. Check out our
Terms & Conditions page for more info.
1.7 Part of the EC process involves us undertaking a ‘soft credit check’ and in some cases, the credit providers may
also
undertake a soft credit check at the same time. A soft credit check although visible to you on your credit report has
no
impact on your credit rating and is
not
visible to anyone else. Further information can be found below in regard to who we work with and what data we share.
2. The kind of personal data we collect & what we do with it
2.1 In order to offer our services, we have to collect data from you, including personal and in some cases sensitive data also known as ‘special category’.
2.2 Set out below, are the kinds of data we collect, for what purpose it is collected and the lawful basis*:
Purpose
Data we process
Lawful basis
Retention of data
To offer our services as set out in 1.5 and 1.6 above.
To comply with regulatory obligations.
Full name; previous name; age; DOB; Email address; Telephone number; marital/ relationship status; residential address; dependents; employment status and employer; Financial information (where applicable) for you and any financial associates; including bank statements; payment card details; current debts; financial commitments; savings; income & expenditure and in some instances health conditions
(
‘EC profile information’
).
Performance of a contract
Legal obligation
Consent
6 years from the date you provided your information.
Marketing our own products and services by way of email and or SMS as well as provide you with alerts such as when we believe there is another suitable product you could apply for.
Email address and telephone number.
Consent
On-going unless withdrawn.
Service communications
Email address, telephone number and where specified, address.
Performance of a contract.
Legal obligation.
6 years from the date you provided your information and where relevant.
Service communications on behalf of the third parties we work with on panel including for example: scope of service or terms and conditions.
(Where applicable): Email address and telephone number.
Consent
6 years.
Third parties for marketing
Email address, telephone number and where specified, address.
Consent
6 years from the date you provided your information and where relevant.
Data analytics: to undertake analytics and product development to continually improve the services we offer
Products you viewed or searched for; length of visits to certain pages and page interaction (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs). EC profile information.
Legitimate interests
After 6 years data will be anonymised.
Profiling – analysis and profiling in order to provide comparison and eligibility services.
Products you viewed or searched for; length of visits to certain pages and page interaction (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs). EC profile information.
Legitimate interests
Performance of a contract
6 years data after which will be anonymised.
The running of the website and to aid in the services we offer
Cookies; IP address; browser type and version; time zone setting and location; browser plug- in types and versions; operating system and platform and other technology on the devices used to access the website; page response times; download errors; length of visits to certain pages and page interaction (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs).
Consent and performance of a contract.
6 years data after which will be anonymised.
Call recordings
All calls and their contents to the Aro group will be recorded.
Regulatory and Legal requirements
6 years from the date you provided your information.
*Lawful basis: The UK Data Protection Act tells us we must have a lawful basis as to why we collect data and process it
3. Where do we collect your data from
3.1 Most of the personal information we collect and process is provided to us directly by you. For example, you may complete our Eligibility Check or provide consent for/ share with us access to information from your bank account via Open Banking.
3.2 We will receive information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies, Aro uses soft searches to work out whether you’re eligible for a product or service.
3.3 We may also receive personal information indirectly from you via third party firms you may have contacted directly and provided your consent to share your data with. For example, where a loan provider may have been unable to help you and has suggested us as an alternative. The data transferred in these occasions is usually limited to the same information as your EC profile.
4. Who do we share your data with
Data Processors
4.1 Companies such as us, may use third parties to help them with things they are unable to do. These companies are referred to as data ‘Processors’. Processors can only do what the company (data Controller) has told them to do with the data, unless a legal exemption applies.
4.2 Listed below, are the names of the Processors we work with in the capacity set out above, along with some other important information we think you should know:
Name of third party Processor
What data we share
Why we share it
Lawful basis
Retention of data
Consents Online
EC profile information.
For the purposes of facilitating Open Banking.
Consent
6 years
Blueshift Inc.
EC profile information.
We use Blueshift as a database in which it both houses are customers marketing preferences including opt in and opt out as well as aiding with our internal marketing strategy.
Performance of a contract
6 years or on-going where not opted out from marketing.
The Personal Finance Centre
EC profile information
Outsourced call centre
Performance of a contract
30 days
Esendex
Telephone number
SMS communications facilitator and data base.
Consent Performance of a contract
6 years
Credit Reference Agencies
To find out more about what Equifax and the other Credit Reference Agencies do with your data, please see links below:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/crain
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal/privacy-centre/pc-credit-reference
https://www.experian.co.uk/legal/crain/
EC profile information
To undertake a soft credit check.
Legal obligation
6 years
Experian
EC profile information
To facilitate the transfer of data between the Aro platform and Experian’s panel of lenders in order to facilitate eligibility checks for Aro customers; Experian returns the results of their panel by way of API.
Performance of a contract
7 Years
Choose Wisely
EC profile information
To facilitate the transfer of data between the Aro platform and Choose Wisely’s panel of lenders in order to facilitate eligibility checks for Aro customers. Choose Wisely returns results of their panel by way of API.
Performance of a contract
6 Years
Telephony infrastructure providers (various)
EC Profile information
Voice recordings
For the purposes of operating our Contact Centre and Compliance purposes.
Legal obligation
6 years
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
EC Profile information
In its capacity as a data storage and infrastructure provider including data analytics.
Legal obligation
Legitimate interests
6 years, as above, data used for analytics purposes will be anonymised after 6 years.
Google Analytics
Products you viewed or searched for; length of visits to certain pages and page interaction (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs). EC profile information.
To facilitate us in undertaking analytics and product development to continually improve the services we offer. See above for further details.
Legitimate interests
After 6 years data will be anonymised.
Data Controllers
4.3 In addition to the Processors above; we also share information with third parties for other reasons, please see below. These are known as joint Controllers or simply, data’ Controllers’ and so process data jointly with us for the purposes of the services set out above, yet may also process your data for their own purposes. For example, the Police may request data from us, then further process it as part of a criminal investigation.
4.4 Listed below, are the names of the Controllers we work with in the capacity set out above, along with some other important information we think you should know:
Name of third party
What data we share
Why we share it
Lawful basis
Retention of data
Third parties that make up the panel of providers within this website
EC profile information and where applicable, a record in which details that we have sent information about a third party to you. For example, in the form of their terms and conditions or scope of service.
To facilitate your request to be introduced.
To keep a record of information we have sent to you.
To keep a record of any products or services you took out with/through them.
For the provider (where applicable) to undertake their own soft search in order to assess credit eligibility against their own lending/service criteria.
Performance of a contract
Legal obligation
6 years or longer where retained for marketing purposes.
Third parties in relation to the introduction of you to our services, for example via a click through on their website or any other form of online interaction.
EC profile information
For the third party to hold a record of any interaction you have had with us including the final status of that introduction.
Legal obligation
NA
Third parties performing roles in fraud prevention and credit reference agencies
EC profile information
For product development purposes and to evaluate new products and services
Legitimate interest
Legal obligation
6 years
Regulators: ICO; FCA; ASA
Any data concerned with
any
visitor to our site. This may include those who took out products via our platform or those who merely entered partial details then left the site. This further includes customers who received advice from us.
To comply with the legal requirements placed on us as a regulated company.
Legal obligation
NA
Law enforcement: NCA; Police
The same as the above.
To assist with criminal investigations.
Legal obligation
NA
Credit Reference Agencies: Equifax
Cookies served by Equifax are held on Aro’s website. Equifax is a consumer credit reporting agency. These cookies will be used to serve adverts to visitors based upon the websites they’ve been to previously.
To serve adverts based on previous history
Legitimate intertest
6 years
4.5 In the event we sell the company, all personal data will be transferred over to the new data controller in line with the sale. Note any processing of the personal data will remain the same as when it was originally collected.
5. Transfers within the EEA and outside the EEA
5.1 Whilst the majority of the data we process is within the EEA, we do use Processors whose head offices are based outside the EEA including the USA. This means we are to take extra assurance prior to any data transfers.
5.2 Should you wish to review your safeguards please contact us on the details below.
6. Data Security
How we store your personal information
6.1 All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. We take all reasonable steps to maintain the security of your data, and we are ISO27001 certified.
6.2 Whilst we do our best to protect your personal data; we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted within our systems, any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access, loss or damage.
7. Your data rights
7.1 Under data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right to be informed
– You have the right to know what we do with any data you provide us or that we collect from you or other sources.
Your right of access
– You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification
– You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure
– You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing
– You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to not be subject to automated decision-making
– You have the right not to be subject to automated decision-making yet for some services this may mean we are unable to fulfil your objectives.
Your right to data portability
– You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
7.2 You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
8. How to make a data related complaint
8.1 If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can contact us using any of the following –
Phone: 0161 498 7739
Email: complaints@aro.co.uk
Post: Aro Complaints, Dakota House, Concord Business Park, Wythenshawe, Greater Manchester, M22 0RR, UK.
8.2 You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data:
The ICO’s address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
ICO Website: www.ico.org.uk
Notifications
Sub-policy 1
https://legal.creditec.co.uk/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
We (Creditec Limited), are a credit broker authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN 971164).
            We provide a credit matching platform that enables our partners to connect their customers to financial
            products and services such as credit card and loan offers.
            (“Our Partners” are firms who offer their customers the opportunity to search for such financial products and services,
            and we help them to do this through the technology we provide.)
            Our registered office is The Steam Mill Business Centre, Steam Mill Street, Chester, United Kingdom, CH3 5AN and our registered company number is 13700425 .
            We are registered with the Information Commissioner's Office with registration number ZB288703.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to give you a clear explanation about how we use the personal information we collect when our credit matching platform service is used to find a financial product or service. It is important that you read it in full to understand the information we collect, how we will use it and how you can access, update and delete your personal information. It should be read together with our Terms and Conditions.
If you click on a link that takes you to a third-party website that is not ours, for eg our Partner’s website or the provider of the financial product or service you decide to apply for, (“Provider”), we will not be responsible for how they use your personal information. You should read their privacy policy to understand how they may use your personal information. Other than the information in section 9 (“Who do we share your personal information with?”), this privacy policy only explains how we will process your personal information.
“Personal information” in this policy means any information that we collect that could identify you such as for e.g. your name, address and online identifiers like your IP address.
When you express an interest in searching for a financial product or service through one of our Partners, they may share your personal information with us so that we can use our credit matching technology to find you  relevant offers. We call this “Our Service.”
We are a data controller in relation to the personal information that we process, and we store this in a UK data centre.
We will share the personal information you have provided us on your application form with Equifax Limited who are a credit reference agency (“CRA”). A soft search will be carried out on you to enable us to check your identity and creditworthiness (ie how likely it is that you will be able to repay the credit) so that we can assess which lender(s) may be more suitable for your financial circumstances. A soft search will leave a ‘footprint’ on your credit file which will either be in our name or the lender or broker who carried it out.  Only you will be able to see this, and it will not impact your credit score.
Depending on the information we receive from Equifax Limited and what type of financial product or service you are searching for, your personal information will also be shared with other members of our group, Comparitec Group Limited and may be also shared with HD Decisions Limited (an Experian business) in order to check your eligibility and pre-qualify you for the financial product or service you are looking for amongst each of their respective panel of Providers.
These third parties are separate data controllers when they receive this information, and they may process it for their legitimate interests to see whether they can provide you with the financial service or product you are looking for. For example, if you are enquiring about:
- A loan:
We will share your personal information within Comparitec Group Limited and its panel of lenders, together with other credit brokers who operate their own panel of lenders and brokers. They will carry out a loan eligibility assessment and make an automated decision about you such as a soft search. (Please see point 10 below for more information about this and what rights you may have as a result).
- A credit card:
We will share your personal information with Comparitec Group Limited who will check your eligibility by sharing the information you have given to us with our providers of pre-screening and eligibility checking services (HD Decisions - an Experian business, Madison CF UK Limited, trading as 118 118 Money and Capital One (Europe) plc) and certain members of our panel of credit card issuers, (who may then also contact credit reference agencies "CRAs"). This soft search will be in the name of Creditec and will only be visible to you. It will not affect your credit rating.
Pre-screening means our Providers use your information to carry out a soft search on you. This is a pre-application check of your credit record and will not have any impact on your credit rating. (Please see point 10 below for more information about this and what rights you may have as a result).
Our Providers will also use their internal databases, scoring methods and knowledge of acceptance criteria to determine your likelihood of being accepted, ("Eligibility Checks").
The results of your loan or credit card search and the details of any offers that you may be eligible for will be presented to you (either by our Partner or by us directly) in the form of a comparison table. You will then have the opportunity to choose which offers which are of interest to you and proceed with your application by clicking on the chosen link. By doing this, you will be directed to our Provider’s website with whom your personal information will be shared in order to complete your application. They will also carry out their own identification and validation checks including a full credit check, (also known as a "hard" search). This will be visible on your credit file to any other lender in the future.
Before completing and submitting any application on one of our Provider’s sites, you should read their privacy policy to satisfy yourself how they will process your personal information. We are not responsible for the way in which any of Our Providers may do this.
If any of our Providers are unable to help, you may be presented with an alternative option to make another search for a different financial service or product. If you choose to proceed, depending on what you are searching for, we will either share your personal information with that Provider and/or other members of the Comparitec Group so that they can assess whether or not they can help you.
We will stay in contact with you about your enquiry by sending you a servicing communication which will confirm your results, and/or explain any “next steps” using the contact details you have given to us.
You can contact us at any time by using one of the methods listed below, if you wish to know more
            about how we use and store your personal information:
Contact Us Form
Complaints
By post to the following address
Creditec Limited,
The Steam Mill Business Centre,
Steam Mill Street,
Chester,
CH3 5AN
This is information specific to you such as, but not exclusively, your name, address, telephone
            number, date of birth, financial account information, online identifiers (i.e. IP address).
We collect your personal information in the following ways:
when you complete an online form on either our website or on one of our Partners' websites which is then shared with us;
when you contact us by email or any other means
via automated technologies such as Cookies. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for further details
technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns
To enable us to provide Our Service, we need to collect the following information:
Identity information
includes your first and last name, date of birth
Contact information
includes your email address and mobile telephone number
Employment information
includes your employment status
General information
includes your residential status, your marital status,
                and the number of dependants you may have
Financial information
depending upon the financial product or service you are seeking, this could include details of your bank account; a breakdown of your income and expenditure (including information about your debts); rent/mortgage repayments; child care costs (if relevant); the amount of money you are looking to borrow; the length and purpose of any loan; other loans that you may have recently taken out; the date you are paid each month, and whether you have a debit card.
CRA information i
ncludes information about your financial status and
                eligibility for the products and services we offer
Technical information
includes your internet protocol (IP) address used to
                connect your computer (or device) to the internet; your browser; time zone setting; your
                operating system and platform; the source of your enquiry (for example Google, Facebook,
                Bing etc) and the device you are using. We also collect information about your visit to our
                website including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from
                our website (including the date and time); page response times, download errors; length of
                visits to certain pages; page interaction information (such as scrolling; clicks and
                mouse-overs); methods used to browse away from the page, and, if you linked to our website
                from a search engine, the address of that search engine and the search term you used
Please note: it is your responsibility to check and ensure that any information you provide is
            correct, complete and accurate. If you fail to provide your personal information where
            requested, we will not be able to provide you with Our Service.
We can only use your personal information where it falls into one or more of the following categories:
It is necessary to fulfil a contract we have with you;
You have provided your consent;
We have a legal or regulatory obligation to do so;
It is necessary to carry out a task which is in the public interest;
It is necessary to protect your vital interests, or
It is in our legitimate interest to do so and it is not against your rights.
To help you understand the ways in which we will use your personal information, and which of the legal bases we are relying upon to do this, we have detailed the following uses. Note that we may process your personal information for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your information.
Purpose/Activity
Type of information
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate
                                interest
To enable you to:
Use Our Service, and
Be matched with the most appropriate Provider(s) on our panel, we will carry out a soft search of your credit file before sharing your personal information with our Providers(s).
(a)   Identity
(b)   Contact
(c)   Financial
(d)   Employment
(e)   CRA
(f)   General
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to operate and improve our business) by helping you to find the product or service you are using Our Service to find.
To enable us to communicate with you:
(a)   By sending you servicing communications such as for e.g. confirming your quotes and any next steps.
(b)   By sending you marketing communications (Providing you have consented) using the contact details you have provided.
(c)   About any enquiries or complaints, you may have.
(d)   To ask you to complete a survey, take part in a prize draw competition or provide us with feedback, testimonials or reviews
(a) Identity
(b) Marketing
(c) Contact
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to operate our business in providing and improving Our Service, by remaining in contact with you about your enquiry
(b) Consent
(c) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To pre-populate any application form you may be required to complete to use
                            Our
                            Service.
(a) Identity
(b) financial
(c) contact
(d) employment
Necessary for our legitimate interests to improve the service we prove to you
                            and
                            ensure your personal information is accurate and up to date
To enable us to improve Our Service and share information with CRAs so that
                            we
                            can analyse patterns and trends that will help us to identify the most
                            relevant
                            product or service for you and improve our ability to show you relevant
                            adverts
                            at the right time.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Employment
(e) General
(f) Marketing
Necessary for our legitimate interests to provide you with the most
                            appropriate
                            product or service for your needs and to provide you with relevant adverts.
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services,
                            customer relationships and experiences
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our
                            products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop
                            our
                            business and to improve our marketing strategy.
To manage our relationship with you which may include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To meet our legal obligations and comply with any legal or regulatory requirements, we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with data protection legislation, where this is required or permitted by law
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To administer, improve and protect our business and this website (including
                            training, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance,
                            research,
                            support, reporting and hosting of data).
(a) Technical
(b)	Identity
(c)	Contact
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our
                            products and services, to keep our websites, updated and relevant, to
                            develop
                            our business and to improve our marketing strategy).
When you use Our Service, your personal information will be shared with the following third parties or categories:
CRAs such as Equifax Limited: to check your identity and creditworthiness by carrying out a soft search on you so that we can assess which Provider(s) may be most suitable for your financial circumstances. As a result of this soft search, Equifax will record a footprint on your credit file that we have requested. This search footprint will be visible only to you and will not affect your credit score
For more information about how Equifax may use your personal information, you can read the
                Credit Reference Agency Information Notice here, or you can ask Equifax for a copy. You can
                also read Equifax’s privacy policy here:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/crain/
.
Other members of the Comparitec Group Limited in order to access their panel of lenders and brokers to help match you with the financial service or product you are looking for.
Our Providers: to help you find the financial product or service you are using Our Service to find. If you are searching for a loan or credit card product, Our Providers comprise a panel of consumer credit lenders, brokers and credit card issuers.
Our Partners and Providers: aggregated bureau data may be shared with our Partners and Providers to help them ensure that the products they offer (or provide access to): match the needs of their customers; are aimed at the correct target market; represent fair value and result in good customer outcomes.
Third parties providing pre-screening and eligibility checking services: when you check your eligibility for a credit card through our site, we will share the information you provide to us with Our Providers of Pre-screening and Eligibility Checking services. Please note that the following privacy notices will apply to the relevant third party's handling of your data, alternatively details can be found on their individual websites:
HD Decisions Limited (an Experian business)
Privacy Notice
(provider of eligibility scoring across a range of Our Partners and their products)
Capital One (Europe) plc
Privacy Notice
(provider of eligibility scoring for Capital One products)
Madison CF UK Limited trading as 118 118 Money
Privacy Notice
(provider of eligibility scoring for 118 products)
Other companies who enable us to provide Our Service or who provide services to us, for example IT Service Providers (who provide for e.g. technology platforms or other IT services including data storage), and communication providers (who provide for e.g. email and text services for customer contact and marketing purposes)
These third parties help us to provide Our Services. In order that they can do this, we may need
            to let them process your personal information. We will make sure that they keep the information
            secure and in accordance with our instructions, the General Data Protection Regulation 2016
            ("GDPR") and other UK privacy legislation.
We’ll also share your personal information when we have your consent, or where we are
            obliged to do so for a legal or regulatory reason, for e.g. to prevent or detect crime, for
            compliance monitoring or to enforce or apply our Terms & Conditions and other agreements.
Finally, we may also share your personal information with any third parties to whom we may choose
            to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to
            acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new
            owners may use your personal information in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
Unless we are required by law to keep your personal information for a different period of time,
            we will keep it for no longer than 12 months from the date you last used our service, or
            until you ask us to delete it.
An automated decision is one where a computer or system is used to assess the information you provide to make a decision about you. We do not make automated decisions about you however, Our Providers may do this when we share your personal information with them so that they can make an assessment of your eligibility for Our Service. An example of this is the soft search that Our Providers will carry out upon you if you make an application for a loan or credit card with them.
(Note: a “soft” credit search helps Our Provider to decide whether or not they may be able to lend money to you. Unlike a “hard” credit search, a soft search is recorded on your credit file, but only you rather than any other lender will be able to see it. A soft search does not therefore affect your credit rating.)
As a result, you have the right to ask Our Providers that they do not make a final decision based solely on automated means. You can also object to the automated decision and ask that a person reviews it. If you ask us, we can tell you which of Our Providers has made an automated decision about you. To exercise this right, you will then need to contact Our Providers directly
Although we do not routinely transfer personal information outside the UK, we may sometimes need to do this where any of our Partners or third-party suppliers are either based outside the EEA and/or the UK, or where they use data processors based outside the EEA and/or the UK. Where this is the case, we will make sure that they agree to: keep your personal information secure; apply the same levels of protection as we are required to apply to information held in the UK, and to use it only for the purpose of providing Our Service. We will do this by putting in place appropriate safeguards and protections as stated under UK law, for example using a data-transfer agreement incorporating certain standard model protection clauses.
When using this website, some information may be collected automatically using cookies or other similar technologies. The information that may be collected includes your IP address, operating system and browser type, in order for us to learn aggregate information. This is never used to identify any individual but does allow us to present you with a consistent experience when using our website. With your consent, we may also use cookies for advertising and marketing purposes.
You can disable delete or block cookies at any time on your device. If you wish to do this, you will need to use your internet browser settings as they each have their own way of allowing you to access and control these settings.
For more information about our use of cookies and how to disable them in your internet browser you can read our Cookie Policy
here
.
Right to Object
-because you have asked Our Partner to help you find a financial product or service, we need to process the personal information that they provide to us to enable us to find the best product or service available amongst our Providers. You can object to this processing (including any profiling that is carried out) at any time by contacting us as detailed in Ways to contact us in section 4. We will action any request you make promptly, although this will mean that we will not be able to help you find the financial product or service that you asked us to search for.
Right of Access
– you can ask us whether we hold your personal
                information and if so you can access it by contacting us as detailed in section 4.
Right to Erasure –
if it is no longer necessary for us to hold your
                personal information, bearing in mind the reason why you provided it to us, you can ask us
                to delete it. If you ask us to do this, we’ll complete your request as soon as
                possible although this will mean that we will not be able to help you find the financial
                product or service that you asked us to search for
Right to Rectification -
if we hold inaccurate personal information, you
                can ask us to correct it and we’ll action your request promptly
Right to restrict our use of your information -
you can ask us to restrict
                our processing of your personal information if you think, for example, that the personal
                information you gave us is inaccurate
Right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) –
we’ll try to resolve any complaint that you may have in relation to data
                protection issues. If you are not happy with our final response you have the right to have
                your complaint dealt with by the ICO. See section 16 - “Complaints and contact details
                of our data protection officer.”
We want you to be confident that we are handling your personal information responsibly and in
            line with good practice. If you are concerned that we are not doing this, you should contact us
            immediately. We will treat your concern seriously and work with you to try and resolve it.
Please address your correspondence to:
The Data Protection Officer
Creditec Limited
The Steam Mill Business Centre
Steam Mill Street
Chester
CH3 5AN
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
            However, if any significant change that we make affects the way that we are able to use your personal information
            (meaning that it would be unlawful for us to continue to use it), then we will do our best to communicate this to you
Last updated 14th October 2024
Sub-policy 2
https://gocardless.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to content
Go to GoCardless Blog Homepage
Why GoCardless?
Product
Partners
Pricing
Learn
Login
Sign up
Close
menu
Open site navigation sidebar
Why GoCardless?
For use case
Subscription payments
Recurring payments built for subscriptions
Instalment payments
Split payments into smaller, more manageable amounts over time.
Invoice payments
Collect and reconcile invoice payments automatically
Charities
Optimise supporter conversion and collect donations
Lending
Make faster, lower-risk decisions on loans
Business Finance
Offer the best business finance product
Our customers
Customer stories
Hear from our customers
Customer success
Our customer first approach
Customer Hub
Training resources, documentation, and more
For small business
Overview
Improve your cashflow
Keep track of payments
Reduce costs
Reduce failed payments
Increase conversions
For enterprise
Overview
Reduce churn
Reduce international barriers
Reduce operational costs
Reduce time to get paid
Reduce conversion risk
Product
Collect Payments
One-off, subscriptions, invoices and instalments
Powered by bank debit
Instant Bank Pay
Ideal for one-off payments
International payments
Collect from 30+ countries
Protect revenue
Success+
Reduce payment failures
Protect+
Advanced fraud protection for recurring payments
Verified Mandates
Payer authentication you can rely on
Open Banking
Open banking payments
Fast and secure straight from customers' bank accounts
Bank account data
Make decisions faster
Connect to GoCardless
Partner integrations
Connect to 350+ partner apps
API integrations
Build a custom integration
Payment provider integrations
Embed bank payments into your platform
Partners
All Partners
GoCardless for Chargebee
GoCardless for Xero
GoCardless for Zuora
Pricing
Learn
Help and support
Customer Hub
Training resources, documentation, and more
FAQ
Common questions answered
API documentation
Guides for integrators
News and resources
Latest articles and research
Guide to open banking
Guide to Direct Debit
Tech @ GC
Mastering Payments webinars
Direct Debit for small business
Login
Sign up
Privacy Centre
Payers
Read about our privacy practices for people who make a payment using GoCardless.
Privacy for Payers
Merchants
Read about our privacy practices for people who take payments for their goods or services using GoCardless.
Privacy for Merchants
Account holders
Read about our privacy practices for people who securely access and share their bank
account data.
Account holders
Prospects and visitors
Read about our privacy practices for people who visit our website or who work for companies that might be a good fit for our services.
Prospects and Visitors
FAQ
Who is GoCardless?
GoCardless provides services that help merchants process payments for their goods or services. Your data controller is GoCardless Ltd, Sutton Yard, 65 Goswell Road, London, UK  EC1V 7EN.
Learn more
Where do I go for privacy support?
You can contact our data protection officer to ask questions, make a complaint or exercise your rights.
Contact the DPO
How does GoCardless comply with GDPR?
Our global privacy program is based on the EU General Data Protection Regulation and sets a high baseline for compliance wherever we operate.
Learn more
What are my choices about marketing?
We don't sell data and we don't market to payers. We may contact business prospects if we think they might use our services.
Learn more
How does GoCardless use cookies?
Cookies help us provide our services, tailor our website and market our services more effectively. You can make choices about your cookies here.
Learn more
More legal details
What makes our processing lawful, how do we make automatic decisions about people, how long do we keep the data, and what types of recipient do we share it with?
Learn more
Recruitment privacy notice
GoCardless collects personal data to find and hire people who are a good fit for our company. You can find more information here.
Learn more
Ready to get started?
Get Started
Speak to one of our payment experts about the challenges of collecting recurring payments at scale across the globe.
Get Started
Sub-policy 3
https://www.equifax.co.uk/About-us/Privacy_policy.html:
Privacy Hub
Privacy Hub
MyEquifax and Website Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how Equifax processes personal data as part of its core credit reference agency (CRA) activities. These processing activities often relate to personal data that has not been collected directly from the individual.
Download MyEquifax and Website Privacy Notice
Last updated: December 2024
You will know us as Equifax but our legal name is Equifax Limited (“
Equifax
”, “
we
”, “
our
” and “
us
”). We are committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who use myEquifax products and services (“
myEquifax
”) and users visiting the
Equifax.co.uk
website, which includes
Equifax Online Help
(the “
Website”
).
This MyEquifax and Website Privacy Notice (“
Privacy Notice
”) describes how and why Equifax uses personal data relating to:
individuals who enquire about or receive myEquifax products and services, such as Credit Report and Score (including WebDetect and SocialScan), CreditWatch, Equifax Protect, Equifax Webdefend and the Statutory Credit Report via the Website or through some other means;
users of the Website; and
those who communicate with us (“
You
”).
You should read this Privacy Notice to understand what we are doing with your personal data, including our lawful basis for processing it, who we share it with and your rights in relation to your personal data. “
Personal data
” is any information that relates to a living identifiable person. Your name, address and contact details are all examples if they identify you. To “
Process
” means any activity relating to personal data, including its collection, storage, transfer or other use.
Equifax is a “
Controller
” of your personal data, which means that we make decisions about how and why we process it. As a Controller, we’re responsible for making sure that it’s processed in accordance with data protection laws.
We also make available other privacy notices which relate to specific Equifax products or services, or other Equifax group companies. These apply in conjunction with this Privacy Notice, so please ensure that you read every relevant notice. Our privacy notices include:
Privacy Notice
Processing Activities
MyEquifax and Website Privacy Notice
(THIS NOTICE)
This privacy notice explains how Equifax processes personal data relating to its myEquifax products and services (e.g. Credit Report and Score, WebDetect and Social Scan) and users of the Equifax website. These processing activities usually relate to personal data that
has
been collected directly from the individual or from the individual’s direct use of myEquifax products and services, as well as the Equifax website.
Equifax Credit Reference and Related Services Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how Equifax processes personal data as part of its core credit reference agency (CRA) activities. These processing activities often relate to personal data that
has not
been collected directly from the individual.
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN)
This privacy notice, produced with Experian and Transunion (the other key CRAs), explains how personal data is processed for core credit referencing activities. This often relates to personal data that
has not
been collected directly from the individual.
Equifax (TDX) Debt Services Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how Equifax’s group company, TDX Group Limited, processes personal data to support clients with debt management and recovery.
Equifax and Consents Online Open Banking Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how Equifax’s group company, Consents Online Limited, processes personal data to provide clients with access to consumer transaction data held within payment accounts. This is known as open banking.
Equifax Workforce Solutions Privacy Notice
This privacy notice describes how and why Equifax processes personal data to administer our Workforce Solutions database and related services.
CONTENT OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY:
How can you contact us?
What types of personal data do we process and where do we get it?
What do we do with your personal data and why?
Who do we share your personal data with and why?
Where in the world is your personal data processed?
How do we communicate with you?
How do we safeguard your personal data?
How long do we keep your personal data?
Cookies and other digital tracking technologies
What are your rights in relation to your personal data?
Changes to this privacy policy
1. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
You can contact us by:
Post:
Equifax Limited, Customer Service Centre, PO Box 10036, Leicester, LE3 4FS.
Website:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/Contact-us/Contact_Us_Personal_Solutions.html
Equifax Online Help:
www.equifax.co.uk/ask
Phone:
0333 321 4043 or 0800 014 2955
Equifax has a dedicated Data Protection Officer (DPO) who can be contacted by:
Post:
Equifax Limited, Data Protection Officer, PO Box 10036, Leicester, LE3 4FS.
Email:
UKDPO@equifax.com
2. WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE PROCESS AND WHERE DO WE GET IT?
Depending on your use of myEquifax, the Website and any contact with us (through the Website or otherwise), we will collect and/or receive the following types of personal data:
Category
Type of personal data
Collected from
Contact Information
Name
Residential address (current and previous)
Phone number
Email address
Contact preferences
You directly (e.g. where prompted to provide it or when you contact us, including through the Website).
MyEquifax Family Plan main account holders (when inviting additional users to join)
In relation to the Equifax Protect and Equifax WebDefend products, from third party companies that are your existing or former employer or otherwise provide services to you
Website Information
Internet protocol (IP) address
Browser type
Date and time of Website access
Your browser and information about your usage activities collected via cookies, other digital tracking technologies and online identifiers (please see our
COOKIE NOTICE
for more information)
The device you use to access the Website.
myEquifax Information
Date of birth
Credit reference information used to generate your credit report and score (please see the
Equifax Credit Reference and Related Services Privacy Notice
for more information about how and why personal data is processed for credit referencing purposes).
User ID and passwords
Payment card information for payment, subscription and identity verification purposes (including payment card details)
Communications we may have sent or received from you in relation to your myEquifax products and services
Assigned rewards codes from third party rewards providers
In relation to the WebDetect product:
your credit card number (we only store and process this in an encrypted state and never in its full 16 digit numerical format);
your bank account number and sort code (the full account number and sort code is encrypted)
alerts highlighting potential instances of fraud or data theft
In relation to the Social Scan product:
information you permit us to review on your social media profiles
In relation to the Family Plan product:
main account holders will see the name and email address of invited additional users (no other account data is shared with main account holders)
In relation to Finance Monitor:
your financial account transaction data, including bank accounts
In relation to the Equifax Protect and Equifax Webdefend products:
your promotional code
You directly (e.g. where prompted to provide it when signing up to receive myEquifax products and services).
From third party sources, in relation to the WebDetect and Social Scan products (e.g. where we have identified potentially stolen data relating to you or at risk information included on your social media profile).
In relation to the Finance Monitor product, from Consents Online Limited (an Equifax Group company). For more information, see the
Equifax and Consents Online Open Banking Privacy Notice
.
Survey and Feedback Information
Name
Review of Equifax and its products and services
You directly (e.g. when requested to provide it).
Equifax uses a third party review provider, Trustpilot, to receive and publish reviews from consumers. Reviews are submitted via the Trustpilot platform in the first instance and we then show a selection of these on our website.
For more information about Trustpilot’s privacy practices, please see their privacy terms
here
.
Special Category Information
Details of any disability or vulnerability, necessary for us to amend the way in which we provide our products and services or communicate with you
You directly or a third party acting on your behalf.
3. WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHY?
We process your personal data for specific purposes in connection with:
your use of our Website;
any myEquifax products and services you have enquired about, receive from us or have been invited to sign up for;
your communications with us;
any other engagements you may have with us; and
the management and administration of our business.
We are required by law to always have a
lawful basis
(meaning a reason or justification) for processing your personal data. There are a number of lawful bases set out in data protection law but we consider the following to be most relevant to our processing of your personal data:
The processing is necessary in order for us to enter into or perform a contract with you (
Contract
)
The processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation (
Legal Obligation
)
The processing is necessary for the legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party, and these are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights (
Legitimate Interests
)
The processing is on the basis of your consent (
Consent
)
The table below sets out the purposes for which we process your personal data and the lawful bases we rely on for that processing.
Where we have indicated that our use of your personal data is necessary for us to enter into or perform a contract with you, and you choose not to provide the relevant personal data, we may not be able to enter into or continue our arrangement with you. Practically, this may mean that you are not able to access certain areas of our Website or receive certain services.
Purpose of Processing
Consent
Contract
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interests
Using your Contact Information to respond to your enquiries and/or complaints
✔
(it is in our mutual interest to respond)
Using your Contact Information to send you information relevant to any services your receive from us
✔
(where we are required to provide any information under contract)
✔
(it is in our mutual interest that you be updated with pertinent information)
Using your Contact Information to invite you to open a Family Plan additional user account
✔
(it is in our mutual interest that you receive an invitation)
Using your Contact Information to assist in connecting your accounts to Finance Monitor
✔
(it is in your interest that your Contact Information is pre-populated to be shared with Consents Online Limited)
Using your myEquifax Information (specifically your financial account transaction data, including bank accounts) to assist you in monitoring your financial circumstances
✔
(it is in your interest to assist you in monitoring your financial circumstances)
Using your Contact Information and myEquifax information (name, DOB, current address and email address) for identity verification purposes, which may require sharing your personal data with third party identity verification provider, Mitek
✔
(where consent is legally required, for example for the processing of biometric data)
✔
(it is in our mutual interests to verify your identity)
Using your Contact Information to send you direct marketing as set out in the section
HOW DO WE COMMUNICATE WITH YOU
(below)
✔
(where consent is legally required)
✔
(it is in our mutual interest to ensure that you are updated about products/services that may be of interest)
Using your Contact Information to request Survey and Feedback Information to help us improve our products, services and customer service
✔
(it is in our mutual interest to improve our products, services and customer service)
Using Survey and Feedback Information from a third party review provider to promote our business, our Website, our products and services, and to help us improve our products, services and customer service
✔
(it is in our mutual interest to improve our products, services and customer service)
Using Website Information to ensure the operation and performance of the Website (please also see our
COOKIE NOTICE
)
✔
(we need to ensure that the Website functions correctly)
Using Website Information to improve the functionality of the Website
✔
(it is in our mutual interest to improve the Website)
Using your myEquifax Information to provide you with myEquifax products and services that you have enquired about, purchased or been invited to
✔
(where such processing is necessary for us to provide the product/service)
✔
(it is in our mutual interest to provide our product/service to you)
Using Contact Information, Website Information and/or myEquifax Information to enable you to create accounts and log-in, or otherwise gain access to myEquifax products and services through the Website
✔
(where we are required to provide access under contract)
✔
(it is in our mutual interest to provide you with a private log-in to access services)
Using assigned rewards codes to manage your subscriptions with third party rewards providers
✔
(where such processing is necessary for us to provide the reward and manage your subscription)
Using any relevant personal data to establish and enforce our legal rights or to comply with a court order, law enforcement requirement (or other legally mandated request) or legal obligation
✔
Using any relevant personal data for our general record keeping and Website user management
✔
(where we are required to maintain records under contract)
✔
(we may need to store Website user data so that we can refer back to it)
Using any relevant personal data in relation to managing the proposed or actual sale, restructuring or merging of any or all parts of our business
✔
✔
(we have a legitimate interest in being able to sell or restructure our business and maintain continuity for us or a buyer)
Where processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you decide to withdraw your consent, we will stop processing your personal data for that purpose unless there is another lawful basis that applies and we are relying on – in which case, we will let you know.
Please note that in order to provide certain myEquifax products, such as those related to your credit rating, your credit reference personal data is processed as explained in the
Equifax Credit Reference and Related Services Privacy Notice
and
CRAIN
.
Fraud Prevention Agencies (FPAs)
Equifax is also a Fraud Prevention Agency (FPA) and a member of Cifas, which is a not-for-profit fraud prevention service. This means we collect, maintain and share personal data related to known and suspected fraudulent activity. Where Equifax identifies potential fraud, it may share that information with Cifas so that other Cifas members can access it. This enables them to perform additional checks when, for example, a credit application is made in your name. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment. Please see the
Cifas Privacy Notice
for more information.
Anonymised Data
We may convert your personal data into statistical or aggregated form so that you are not identified or identifiable, thereby protecting your privacy and creating anonymised data. Anonymised data is not personal data so we may use this data to conduct research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports to help us understand and improve the use of our Website.
Special Category Personal Data
We process personal data in relation to your physical and mental health if you have a disability or vulnerability that you or someone on your behalf has made us aware of. Such processing is only ever with your consent and is for the strictly limited purposes of ensuring that we can communicate with you appropriately and amend our services to assist you.
4. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH AND WHY?
Equifax may share your personal data with:
its affiliates, i.e. companies that control, are controlled by, or under common control with Equifax; and
selected third parties that we work with.
These recipients within and outside our group may be processing your personal data on our behalf as a service provider (see below) or they may be processing it for their own purposes as a Controller.
We have summarised the categories of recipients with whom we are likely to share your personal data:
Service providers
: Equifax may share your personal data with entities that provide services to us, such as vendors and suppliers that provide Equifax with technology, services, and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the Website. Access to your personal data by these service providers is strictly limited to the information reasonably necessary for the service provider to perform its function. Equifax takes steps to help ensure that service providers keep your personal data confidential and comply with Equifax’s privacy and security requirements.
Rewards partners
: Equifax may share your personal data with third-party organisations that provide you with rewards, benefits or services (such as a Tastecard) associated with your product or service.
Identity verification partners:
Equifax may share your personal data with third-party partners to verify your identity.
Disclosure for legal reasons or as necessary to protect Equifax
: Equifax may release personal data to other parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as laws, regulations, search warrants or court orders; (2) in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others, a threat to public security, or a threat to Equifax’s systems or network; or (3) where Equifax believes it is necessary to investigate or prevent suspected or actual harm, abuse, fraud or illegal conduct.
Changes in Equifax‘s corporate structure
: If all or any part of Equifax is sold, merged or otherwise transferred to another entity (including a transfer of Equifax‘s assets), the personal data you have provided to Equifax may be transferred as part of that transaction.
5. WHERE IN THE WORLD IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED?
Equifax Limited is a UK based company and the majority of our processing of your personal data takes place within the UK. However, Equifax Limited is part of a global group of companies, therefore your personal data may be transferred to other group members outside of the UK and/or the European Economic Area (EEA). In addition, some of our service providers may have processing operations in other jurisdictions.
While data protection laws in some jurisdictions may not provide the same level of protection to your personal data as it is provided under UK data protection laws, Equifax takes steps to ensure the appropriate protections are in place before knowingly transferring personal data outside of the UK/EEA.
Non-UK Website Users: The Website is intended for users within the United Kingdom. If you use this Website from outside the United Kingdom, please be aware that personal data you provide to Equifax or that Equifax obtains as a result of your use of this Website may be processed and transferred to the United Kingdom and be subject to the laws of the United Kingdom.
EU-U.S. and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Equifax Inc. and its U.S. subsidiary Kount Inc. (together, "Equifax US") comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Equifax US has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Equifax US adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles for consumer data. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view the Equifax certification, please visit the DPF’s website
here
.
Details regarding the collection, purpose, and storage of your data, as well as information regarding the use of third parties to perform services on our behalf may be found within this Privacy Notice. In the context of an onward transfer, Equifax has responsibility for processing personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party for external processing. If personal data received under the DPF is transferred to a third party, the third party's access, use, and disclosure of personal data must also be in compliance with our DPF obligations, and we will remain liable under the DPF for any failure to do so by the third party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation in the DPF, we encourage you to contact the Data Protection Officer using the contact details provided in
Section 1. How Can you Contact Us?
. Please reference “
Data Privacy Framework
” when contacting us about the DPF. For any complaints related to the DPF that Equifax cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant
EU Data Protection Authority
, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, and the
UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
for resolving disputes with UK individuals. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available, under certain conditions, to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Individuals seeking additional information can visit the
DPF Annex I
for more information. Equifax US is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and may be required to disclose personal data handled under the DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
6. HOW DO WE COMMUNICATE WITH YOU?
We will use your personal data to communicate relevant information to you in relation to your use of the Website, to respond to any queries or complaints you have and to provide updates in relation to myEquifax products and services you receive from us.
In addition, we would like to keep you up-to-date with other products and services we provide that may be of interest to you. If you have enquired about or purchased myEquifax products and services, you will have been given the option to opt-out of receiving our newsletter and other direct marketing communications. If you have not chosen to opt-out, we will continue to send marketing communications to you.
You can opt-out of receiving direct marketing at any time by either contacting us using the details above, or following the instructions within each marketing communication.
We also use targeting and third party cookies and other digital tracking technologies on our Website, which track your browsing habits and tailor advertising to you. Please see our
COOKIE NOTICE
which explains our use of cookies and other digital tracking technologies and how you can amend your preferences.
7. HOW DO WE SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Equifax is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures, taking into account the nature, scope, context and purposes for processing, as well as the likelihood and severity of risks to your rights and freedoms.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We retain your personal data for strictly limited periods of time and for no longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we are processing it. For example, we typically retain personal data relating to myEquifax customers for as long as they receive those products and services and for a period of up to 6 years following cancellation. In limited and specific cases, it may be reasonably necessary for us to retain your personal data for a longer period.
The factors that direct how long we retain personal data for include the following:
laws or regulations we are required to follow;
whether we are in a legal or other type of dispute with each other or any third party;
the type of personal data held about you; and
whether we are asked by you or a regulatory authority to keep your personal data for a valid reason.
For more information about our retention periods, please contact us.
9. COOKIES AND OTHER DIGITAL TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies and other digital tracking technologies help us to provide essential services, make sure the Website functions as it should, help us analyse and understand how you use it, personalise your experience and show you adverts relevant to you and your interests on the Website and on third party platforms. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. Please note that some parts of our Website may become inaccessible or not function properly if you disable or refuse cookies. For more information about what cookies and other digital tracking technologies are, how we use them and how to set or amend your preferences, please read our
COOKIE NOTICE
.
10. WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
In certain circumstances, data protection laws provide you with a number of rights in relation to your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us using the details provided above.
Your rights include:
The
right of access.
This is also known as a data subject access request (DSAR) and allows you to receive copies of your personal data and be provided with certain information in relation to it, such as the purpose for processing. Click
here
for more information about how to exercise this right.
The
right to rectification
, which requires us to correct inaccuracies in your personal data. Please see the section below called ‘Personal Data Corrections’ for more information.
The
right to erasure
. This is also known as the right to be forgotten, and allows you to request that we erase your personal data. This right only applies in certain circumstances.
The
right to restrict processing
, which requires us to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances;
The
right to data portability
. This allows you to receive the personal data that you have provided to us in a machine readable format, where we are processing it on the basis of consent or have entered into a contract with you and the processing is automated.
The
right to object.
In certain circumstances you can object to our processing of your personal data, such as for direct marketing purposes.
The
right not to be subject to automated decision-making
, which allows you to raise queries, concerns and request a human review in relation to any decision made solely on the automated processing of your personal data.
Your Statutory Credit Report
In addition to the above, you have the right to obtain your statutory credit report free of charge. Your statutory credit report contains the personal data we hold about you that is relevant to your financial standing. Click
here
for more information about how to exercise this right.
Personal Data Corrections
We want to make sure that your personal data is accurate and up-to-date, however, as a credit reference agency, much of the personal data we hold about you is received from lenders and banks.
We are not able to automatically amend this information.
Instead, we are required to follow a set process of informing the relevant lender/bank and seeking their clarity as to the validity of the data. While we do so,  we make a note on your file that a rectification request has been made.
For more information about your rights in relation to our core credit referencing activities (most commonly the personal data that
has not
been collected directly from you), please see the
Equifax Credit Reference and Related Services Privacy Notice
.
Complaint to the Supervisory Authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), if you are unhappy about how we have processed your personal data. More information can be found on the ICO’s website
here
, however, we would really appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO and so we ask that you please contact us first.
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Equifax may make changes to this Privacy Notice in the future. The revised notice and its effective date will be published on this Website
Contents
How can you contact us?
What types of personal data do we process and where do we get it?
What do we do with your personal data and why?
Who do we share your personal data with and why?
Where in the world is your personal data processed?
How do we communicate with you?
How do we safeguard your personal data?
How long do we keep your personal data?
Cookies and other digital tracking technologies
What are your rights in relation to your personal data?
Changes to this privacy policy
Privacy Hub
MyEquifax and Website Privacy Notice
Equifax Credit Reference and Related Services Privacy Notice
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN)
Equifax (TDX) Debt Services Privacy Notice
Equifax and Consents Online Open Banking Privacy Notice
Equifax Workforce Solutions Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Privacy Glossary
Privacy FAQs
Your Equifax Cookie Preferences
We use cookies and similar technologies, including from our partners, to enable certain functionality on our site, help tailor and improve our content, analyse how you use the site, and deliver adverts relevant to you on our site and third party platforms.
Click
"Accept All"
if you agree to our use of these cookies. Alternatively, you can reject any cookies that aren't strictly necessary by clicking
"Reject All"
or choose which types of cookies you would like us to use by clicking
"Let Me Choose"
.
For more information about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Accept All
Reject All
Let Me Choose
We use cookies and similar technologies, including from our partners, to enable certain functionality on our site, help tailor and improve our content, analyse how you use the site, and deliver adverts relevant to you on our site and third party platforms.
By clicking on the below selectors you can set your preferences for each category of cookies. Choosing not to enable cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. To find out more about how we use cookies, visit our
Cookie Notice
.
Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary cookies are essential to enable you to move around this website and use its features and/or services. These cookies allow this website to provide services at the request of users and can’t be turned off.
Functional cookies allow this website to remember the choices you make e.g. your user name, log in details, language preferences and any customisations you make to website pages during your visit. They are necessary to provide features and services specific to individual users.
Performance and Analytics
Performance cookies allow us to update this website to cater for user preferences and improve performance. They collect information about how this website is used, e.g. which pages users visit most often and where error messages are delivered. These typically collect and process information at an aggregated and often anonymous level. If you would like to disable these cookies, please select ‘no’ below and save your preferences.
Yes
No
Advertising and Targeting
These cookies do things like show you content and promotions that are relevant to you while browsing the Equifax UK website and other sites on the internet. It helps to limit the number of times those adverts are served to you and measure the effectiveness of campaigns. Switching off these cookies won’t reduce the number of promotions you see but will mean they are less personalised. If you would like to disable these cookies, please select ‘no’ below and save your preferences.
Yes
No
Save
Select all
Sub-policy 4
https://truelayer.com/privacy:
Upcoming event:
Join TrueLayer at Merchant Payment Ecosystem
Meet the team
Overview
This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, store, process and protect your personal data when providing you with our Services.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before using our website, console or other web applications (collectively the "
Site
") or any of our Services. If you have any questions or queries about the contents, please email us at
privacy@truelayer.com
.
TrueLayer Limited (TrueLayer), with company number 10278251, is based at Part Ground Floor (East), Floors 6 and 7, The Gilbert, 40 Finsbury Square, London, EC2A 1PX and is registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner's Office ("ICO") under number ZA797592.
In this Privacy Notice, TrueLayer will be referred to as "
we
", "
us
", or "
our
".
Depending on the context, “you” means a visitor to our Site, a representative of one of our Merchants, or the End User of one of our Services.
Our Services
If you are an End-User, the provider of the website or app through which you access our Services (a
Merchant
) will direct you to use our
Services
.
We currently provide the following Services (these are further explained in our
Terms of Service
):
Account Information Services (AIS)
Payment Initiation Services (PIS)
Verification Services
Signup+
Pay Ins
Pay Outs
Remember Me
What personal data do we collect?
The table below sets out the personal data that we collect, process and in some instances store when you use our Services.
The personal data we collect about you and how we use it
What type of personal data are we using?
Purpose of Processing
What lawful basis do we rely on to use your Personal Data?
If you represent a TrueLayer Merchant
Your name, date of birth, address, email, number, username, client ID and login data if you register as a user.
So we can register you as a user and deliver our Services.
Performance of a contract with you
Your name, email address, username and login data you supply to us if you register as a user.
To provide you with updates on our activities, Services and products; to record your marketing preferences and any feedback or responses for the purposes of improving our Services
With your consent
Your name, date of birth, address, email, phone number, photo identification and any criminal background information.
To conduct any due diligence that we are required to do in order for you to receive our Services
To comply with our legal obligations (including regulatory requirements that we are under)
If you are an End-User of any of our products
Your name, address, photo identification and any criminal background information.
To conduct any due diligence that we are required to do in order for you to receive our Services
To comply with our legal obligations (including regulatory requirements that we are under)
Your name, email address, username and login data you supply to us if you register as a user via any TrueLayer portal or console.
To deliver our Services to you and to give you access to information we hold about you
With your consent
Your name, email address, postal address, account number and sort-code
To keep a record of your use of our Services, to provide our Services to you and/or our Merchants, to improve our Services and to allow us to identify you for reporting, compliance and customer service purposes.
To comply with our legal obligations (including regulatory requirements), and where it is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to continuously improve our Services
If you are an End-User using our AIS or Verification Service
Any personal data that is contained in the account information that you have given us your explicit consent to access in our Terms of Service including your bank account, balance and transaction details
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants and to improve our Services
It is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to continuously improve our Services
If you are an End-User using our PIS Service
Any personal data that you give to us, for example your name, email address, username, login data and any payment reference that you supply.
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants and to improve our Services
It is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to allow us to continuously improve our Services
If you are receiving a payment from a Merchant
Your name, account details (account number, sort code and/or IBAN), date of birth and postal address
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants including processing a Pay Out to you.
It is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to allow us to continuously improve our Services
If you are an End-User using our Signup+Service
Your name, postal address, date of birth, phone number, email address, account number, sort-code and/or National ID number
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants and to improve our Services
It is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to allow us to continuously improve our Services
If you opt in to store your details with us for future payments (Remember Me / Save Details)
Any personal data that you have chosen to store with us
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants and to improve our Services
Performance of a contract with you
If you are a visitor to our Site
Your name, email address and any other personal data you supply to us (such as any feedback)
To provide you with updates on our activities, Services and products; to record your marketing preferences and any feedback or responses for the purposes of improving our Services.
With your consent
Any personal data we collect as part of your Cookies setting, namely online identifiers (such as your cookie identifier, IP address, browser type and version, time zone settings and location)
To allow us to run the operation of our Site and ensure that our provision of Services through our website runs as smoothly as possible
With your consent
Important
: Before we process your personal data to pursue our legitimate interests for the above purpose, we determine if such processing is necessary and we carefully consider the impact of our processing activities on your fundamental rights and freedom. On balance, we have determined that such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests and that the processing which we conduct does not adversely impact on these rights and freedoms.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collect it (as outlined in this section) unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
How we collect your Personal Data
Everyone
We will collect personal data about you:
Through email when you communicate with us.
When you visit our Site through cookies or other similar tracking technologies
For more information see the “Cookies” section below
When you provide us with your consent, your marketing preferences.
If you are an End User
We will collect personal data about you:
From Merchants
Basic identity information (name, email address, postal address, phone number, date of birth) will be provided to us by your Merchant. This is required in order for us to provide you with the Service you have explicitly consented to.
From you
Some of our Services require you to share personal data with us directly. We will also give you the opportunity to store some of this information with us to speed up future payments.
From your bank
The provision of our Services requires us to collect information from your bank regarding bank accounts, account transactions and other financial information. Please note that we do not collect this type of information without your explicit consent.
From Identity Providers
We will sometimes use third party identity providers to obtain further information about you in order to provide our Service.
Service
What Data
From Who
AIS and/or Verification
Personal data in your Account Information
Your bank
Personal data identifying you
Your Merchant
PIS and/or PayIn
Personal data in your Account Information or payment account details shared with us
Your bank
Personal data identifying you
Your Merchant
Personal data included in a payment reference
You
Signup+
Personal data identifying you
Your Merchant
Personal data identifying your bank account
Your bank
Personal data identifying you
Equifax, our third party data provider
PayOuts
Personal data to identify your bank account
Your Merchant
Save details / Remember me
Personal data collected as part of the Service we provide you with
You, Your Merchant, Your bank
End User Portal Registration
Personal data to identify you
You
If you represent a Merchant
If you represent a Merchant, we may collect your personal data from the following sources:
through our Site when you register as a Merchant or use our Services
through information that you provide to us and from third party sources such as Companies House and LexisNexis for due diligence at onboarding and periodically.
How long we keep your personal data
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than we think is necessary. When deciding how long to keep your personal data, we consider factors including:
our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the personal data involved (including the
Terms of Service
)
legal obligation(s) to retain data, or delete data, for/after a certain period of time
whether we relied on your consent to use the personal data, but you have since withdrawn your consent
our legitimate interests where we have carried out balancing tests;
fraud and risk management
(potential) disputes
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Sharing of your personal data
By using our Services as an End-User, we share your personal data with your Merchant who will become responsible for it. You can refer to your Merchant’s privacy notice to understand how they use and manage your personal data.
If you are an End-User or represent a Merchant, we may also have to share your personal data:
if we reasonably consider that we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation
if we need to enforce or apply our
Terms of Service
and other agreements
to protect the rights, property, or safety of TrueLayer, our Merchants or others
to fulfil our legal obligations
with our professional advisors such as lawyers, auditors, consultants or insurers
with partners or suppliers who process personal data on our behalf.
We take the security and protection of your personal data seriously and only allow such suppliers to use your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instruction
with third parties to whom we may sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or assets.
If a change like this happens to our business, the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Notice
to another company in our group, if this is necessary to ensure continuity in the provision of Services to you, or to reflect any business reorganisation or expansion that we may engage in from time to time
Depending on the Service that you use, your personal data may be shared with one of the following entities solely for the purpose of providing that Service.
Processor
Service Description
Location of Processing
Which Services?
AWS
Cloud infrastructure Merchant
United Kingdom & Ireland
All Services
Zendesk
Zendesk provides our ticketing and chat system used to communicate with you
Ireland
All Services
Pontica
Pontica is used to triage incoming end user questions and complaints
Ireland
All Services
Auth0
Auth0 provides user authentication and authorisation Services
United Kingdom
All Services
Salv Technologies OÜ
Providing transaction monitoring Services
Germany
All Payments Products
Moodys
Providing transaction monitoring Services
Belgium
All Payments Products
AS LHV Pank
LHV is our partner bank for SEPA CT, SEPA INST and Target2 Covering the EU
Estonia
EU PayIns and PayOuts
Form 3
Form3 is our technical Service provider that facilitates our communication with the SEPA and Target payment schemes. Covering the EU
Ireland and United Kingdom
EU PayIns and PayOuts
ClearBank
ClearBank is our partner bank and provides TrueLayer the ability to facilitate Faster Payments, CHAPS, and BACS payment schemes covering the UK
United Kingdom
UK PayIns and Payouts
Equifax
Equifax is our data provider for the purposes of our Signup+ product
United Kingdom
Signup+
Twilio
Twilio sends a one time password (OTP) to authenticate you
United States
Remember me / Save Details
GB Group Plc
Providing transaction monitoring Services
United Kingdom
All Payments Products
International transfers of your personal data
The data that we collect from you will generally speaking not be transferred to or stored outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the UK. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is handled securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
However, whenever we do transfer your personal data out of the EEA or the UK, we will only do so if:
you have given your prior written authorisation; or
there is an appropriate transfer agreement or other approved transfer mechanism in place such as Standard Contractual Clauses or an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
Please contact us if you want further information on how we ensure adequate protection for any personal data transferred out of the EEA or the UK.
Cookies
When you browse the Site, use our Services or visit websites or apps that offer our Services, we will automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address. We may collect data about how you interact with our Site or Services through the use of cookies or other similar tracking technologies (collectively referred to as
Cookies
). A cookie is a small file of text that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer.
We use Cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site and/or Services. It helps us to remember your preferences. When you visit our Site and/or use our or Services, Cookies allow us to keep track of how many times you’ve visited us, how long you’ve visited us for and what you’ve done whilst you’ve been on our Site and/or using our Services.
The information collected with these technologies helps us in ensuring that we can:
provide you with, and continuously improve, our Services;
enhance your experience of our Site;
better understand how our Site is used;
help our Merchants better understand the uses of their platform; and
help our Merchants to enhance your customer experience.
None of the Cookies we use are used to identify you as an individual. They typically collect anonymous identifiers associated with your device, browser, referring site URLs, time or usage information. Cookies never store any of your banking details.
Cookies can be "first party" which are cookies set by us, or "third-party" which are cookies that are placed on your computer/device by a third party when you visit our Site or use our Services.
We will only deploy non-necessary Cookies on your computer/device when we have obtained your prior consent to do so. If you choose to consent to our use of non-necessary Cookies, you may withdraw your consent to these Cookies at any time.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Managing cookies
We only deploy strictly necessary Cookies upon the initial loading of our Site. All other types of Cookies are non-necessary and so we need your prior consent to deploy them. Non-necessary Cookies help to maximise your experience when using our Site.
We request your prior consent to use non-necessary Cookies via our Cookie banner. You can change your Cookie preferences and withdraw your consent through changing the setting via our cookie banner.
You may also set your browser to disable Cookies, but this action may block our strictly necessary cookies and prevent our Site from functioning properly, and you may not be able to fully utilise all of the Site's features and services.
Your Rights
Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights which you can seek to exercise in respect of your personal data that we process.
The right to request confirmation of whether we process any personal data relating to you, and if so, to request a copy of that personal data
The right to request us to stop processing personal data and, in particular, to cease using your personal data for any direct marketing purposes
The right to request that we restrict the use of your personal data in certain circumstances
The right to request that we rectify or update your personal data that is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated
The right to request that we delete any personal data we hold about you where there is no legitimate reason for us to continue to process it
Where the processing of your personal data is based on your previously given consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
The right to request that we export your personal data to another company, where technically feasible
In order to exercise any of the above rights, please email us at
privacy@truelayer.com
to make a subject access request detailing:
your name;
your address;
the details of your Merchant; and
the period of data you would like access to.
We may not always be able to delete or correct your data on request if it is not within our control (such as with Account Information, in which case we will forward your request to the ASPSP) or if we are subject to legal requirements to keep the data.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Any changes we make to our Privacy Notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Notice.
Questions and Contact Information
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, or simply want more information about how we process your personal data, you can contact us at
privacy@truelayer.com
Making a complaint to a supervisory authority
Should you be dissatisfied with the service we provide, you have the right to register a complaint with us at
complaints@truelayer.com
and/or file a to file a formal complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office at
www.ico.org.uk
, or to the relevant data protection supervisory authority in your country of residence.
Got a question?
You can reach out to our support team whenever you have questions, issues or are just curious about all things TrueLayer.
Contact support