Welcome to WeAreX
1. ABOUT US
WeAreX is a social network for sex-positive people, where users can express their true sexual selves, connect with and date like-minded and open-minded people, get tickets for sex-positive adult events and join chat groups as a safe and fun space to share with the sex-positive community.
WeAreX Limited (“
We Are X
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”) is the operator of the WeAreX [iOS and Android] mobile application (“
App
”) and websites at https://wearexapp.com and  https://app.wearexapp.com  (“
Site(s)
”) (collectively, our “
Platform
”) and provides the WeAreX services available through our Platform. In this Privacy Notice, we refer to our Platform and the WeAreX services collectively as our “
Services
”.
WeAreX Limited is an English company (No: 07613827) with its registered office at 12 Hallmark Trading Estate, Fourth Way, Wembley, England, HA9 0LB.
For the purposes of UK and EU data protection laws, we are the data controller responsible for your personal data.
2. ABOUT THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice (“
Privacy Notice
”) sets out how we process your personal data in connection with our Services. We are committed to protecting the privacy of all users of our Services and we aim to provides a safe and secure environment for your personal data.
This Privacy Notice is intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Services and should be read in conjunction with our
Cookie Notice
. Please take a moment to read and understand these documents. We recommend that you pay particular attention to the sections that explain
Your rights as a data subject
and how you can exercise those rights.
Please note that your access to and use of our Services, including any secure area of our Platform, is also subject at all times to our
Terms of Use
.
This Privacy Notice only applies to the use of your personal data obtained by us, whether from you directly or from a third party. It does not apply to personal data collected by third parties during your communications with those third parties or your use of their products or services. This includes, for example, where you follow links to third-party websites over which we have no control, or you purchase goods or services from those third parties.
If you purchase event tickets through our Platform, our Ticket Terms will also apply to you. These terms apply to your use of the ticket sale functionality we make available to you on our Platform, but they do not apply to the event itself. All events advertised on our Platform are organised by third parties (not WeAreX). We only act as agent for the event organiser in making tickets available for sale and we are not responsible for such events. Our Platform allows event organisers to connect with our community and sell tickets to those who are interested in attending their events. When you purchase an event ticket you are purchasing the ticket from the third-party event organiser (not WeAreX) and you will be required to agree to the terms and conditions of the relevant third-party as a condition of making the ticket purchase.
3. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We will update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect any changes or proposed changes to our use of your personal data, or to comply with changes in applicable law or regulatory requirements. We may notify you by email of any significant changes to this Privacy Notice, but we encourage you to review this Privacy Notice periodically to keep up to date on how we use your personal data. If we update this Privacy Notice, we will update the “last updated” date at the top of this page.
4. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or want to exercise Your rights as a data subject, you can contact us using the following methods:
Email
Send us an email at: hello@wearexapp.com
Post
Write to us at: WeAreX, 2-6 Boundary Row, London. SE1 8HP
5. WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
In providing our Services, we may collect and process different types of personal data about you for different processing purposes. When we talk about “personal data”, we mean any information which relates to an identified or identifiable living individual. Individuals might be identified by reference to a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier (such as an IP address) or to other factors that are specific to them, such as their physical appearance. The types of personal data we collect depends on who you are and how you use our Services. It will include the following:
Identity Data
First name.
Contact Data
Email address; telephone number; billing and/or delivery address.
Registration Data
Account username; password; first name; date of birth; gender; country; nationality; location; any other personal data that you may provide when you register an account with us.
Verification Data
Your image/photograph, telephone number and any other personal data that we may request from you that you provide in connection with the verification of your account.
Profile Data
Personal data provided by you for your membership profile, including: your image/photograph; description of yourself; description of your body; sexual preferences and interests; profession; relationship status.
Message Data
Any personal data about you contained in messages sent and received by you and other WeAreX users within our Platform.
Transaction Data
Details about purchases you have made from us, including details of any subscriptions and ticket purchases, and payments made in respect of those purchases.
Financial Data
Bank account details; partial payment card details.
Observed Data
Data that is observed about your use of our Platform or interaction with our emails and/or data that we infer through your use of our Platform. This data may include details of when your current or previous sessions started; the referrer URL (web page that you were on when you clicked a link that sent you to our Site); information about the pages of our Site that you have visited and Services that you have purchased or shown an interest in.
Technical Data
IP address; browser type and operating system; general geolocation derived from your IP address, to ensure we’re showing you the correct notices and information; any other unique numbers assigned to a device.
Recruitment Data
Date of birth; gender; country; nationality; CVS; work experience; dietary requirements; any other personal data you may provide in advance of/during your supply of services to us.
Communications Data
Marketing communication preferences; service communication preferences.
6. HOW WE COLLECT AND RECEIVE PERSONAL DATA
We collect and receive personal data using different methods:
Personal data you provide to us
You may give us your personal data directly, for example, when you provide your Registration Data to register an account; provide your Contact Data as part of a survey; purchase event tickets and other Services via our Platform; contact us with enquiries; complete forms on our Platform; subscribe to receive our marketing communications; or provide feedback to us.
Personal data we collect using cookies and similar technologies
When you access and use our Site, we will collect certain Observed Data and Technical Data. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies (see the
Insight and Analysis
section for more information).
Personal data received from third parties
We may receive personal data about you from third parties, including our analytics providers, data brokers and third party directories.
Publicly available personal data
From time to time, we may collect personal data about you (Identity Data and Contact Data) that is contained in publicly available sources (including open source data sets or media reports) or that you or a third party may otherwise make publicly available (for example, through posts on social media platforms).
7. WHO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA ABOUT
We collect and process personal data from the following people:
Site visitors
If you browse our Site, we will collect and process your personal data in connection with your interaction with us and our Site.
Registered users
If you register an account on our Platform, including where you sign up for a paid subscription or purchase tickets, we will collect and process your personal data in connection with the provision of our Services to you.
People who contact us with enquiries
If you contact us with an enquiry, submit a complaint or provide any feedback, we will collect and process your personal data in connection with your interaction with us and our Platform.
People who work for our suppliers
If you work for one of our suppliers and have responsibility for administering your organisation’s account with us or handling our orders or our account with your organisation, we will process your personal data in connection with your organisation’s relationship with us.
Visitors to our physical locations
If you attend one of our offices or other locations, we may process personal data that you volunteer in connection with your visit and any enquiries you make. For example, you may volunteer personal data when asking us to assist you in finding accommodation or transportation suitable for your needs, or when signing in as a guest. CCTV footage may also be collected for security purposes.
Job applicants
If you apply for a job with us, whether through the Site or otherwise, we will collect and process your personal data in connection with your application.
8. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use your personal data for the purposes set out in this section. If we wish to make any changes to these purposes, or if we wish to use your personal data for any purpose that is not listed in this section, we will notify you using the contact details we hold for you.
A. Fulfilment of our Services
If you browse our Site (without registering or logging in)
When you browse our Site, we collect and process Observed Data and Technical Data to help us understand how you are using and navigating our Site. We do this so that we can better understand which parts of our Site are more or less popular and improve the structure and navigation of our Site.
Our legal basis for processing
It is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in the ways described above to ensure that we provide access to our Site in a secure and effective way and so that we can make improvements to our Site.
If you register an account on our Platform, including a Plus+ membership
If you register an account on our Platform, including where you sign up for a paid subscription or purchase tickets, we will collect and process your personal data in connection with the provision of our Services to you.
WeAreX is an online community and therefore user profiles, including any images and personal information, are visible to other users of our Platform and may be visible outside the Platform. You should assume that any content featuring you or referring to you that you upload to our Platform will be publicly viewable. Therefore, please ensure that you only post content that you are happy for others to see and do not post anything that you wish to remain private.
Plus+ members can access additional features and content that are not available with a free account. When you sign up for a Plus+ membership, we will also process your Transaction Data and Financial Data for the purpose of processing membership payments (including renewals) and managing your account.
When you log in to the Platform, we will use your Registration Data to give you access to the account features and other functionality of the Platform. We will also process certain Technical Data and Communications Data so that we can administer your account.
We will use your Identity Data, Contact Data and Communications Data to send you any information and content you are entitled to under your membership and any service-related messages about your account or any aspect of the Services we are providing to you, including in relation to any auto-renewal reminders.
If you enable touch ID or facial recognition in the App, you will be able to log in using your fingerprint and/or your face, depending on your choices. If you wish to use these features, we will process your biometric data to give you access to the App.
If you enable push notifications in the App, we will send you push notifications to update you on the status of your account and to notify you of new messages and other content available to you through the Platform.
We also process certain Observed Data, Technical Data and Identity Data to help make the Platform available to you and to help us understand how you are using and navigating our Platform. We do this so that we can better understand which parts of our Platform are more or less popular and improve the structure and navigation of our Platform.
Our legal basis for processing
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you, or it is in our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of others to use personal data in the ways described above to ensure that we provide access to the Services in a secure, safe and effective way and so that we can make improvements to our Services.
If you provide any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
If you purchase event tickets and other Services from us through our Platform
We collect and maintain personal data that you submit to us for the purpose of supplying event tickets and other Services requested through our Platform.
The personal data we process may include your Identity Data, Contact Data, Registration Data, Transaction Data and Financial Data (where applicable). We process this information so that we can fulfil the supply of our Services, to maintain our databases and to keep a record of how our Services are being used.
If you purchase event tickets through our Platform, our Ticket Terms will also apply to you. These terms apply to your use of the ticket sale functionality we make available to you on our Platform, but they do not apply to the event itself. All events advertised on our Platform are organised by third parties (not WeAreX). We only act as agent for the event organiser in making tickets available for sale and we are not responsible for such events. Our Platform allows event organisers to connect with our community and sell tickets to those who are interested in attending their events. When you purchase an event ticket you are purchasing the ticket from the third-party event organiser (not WeAreX) and you will be required to agree to the terms and conditions of the relevant third-party as a condition of making the ticket purchase.
Our legal basis for processing
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you for the Services, or it is in our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of others to use personal data in the ways described above to ensure that we provide our Services in a secure, safe and effective way.
If you provide any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
If we need to verify you
Some of the functionality of our Services is only available if you are a verified user. This helps us in our efforts to ensure that our registered users are real people (not bots) and more generally to ensure the safety of our community. You must provide the Verification Data and complete the verification steps set out on our Platform to become a verified user.
Our legal basis for processing
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you, or it is in our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of others to use personal data in the ways described above to ensure that we provide access to the Services in a secure, safe and effective way and so that we can make improvements to our Services.
If you provide any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
If you use the Platform to exchange private chat messages with other users or you are referred to in messages sent by other users
We will collect and store Message Data about you when you or others send direct messages referring to you or containing information about you to other users of our Platform. The Message Data collected and stored will depend on the nature of the message, but may include your Identity Data, Contact Data and Profile Data. This Message Data is stored on our Platform and made accessible to message recipients to enable effective communications between users of our Platform.
Messages are passed through automated scanning technologies that we use to identify and block content that is in breach of our
Terms of Use
. If a message is reported to us by a user, we will review the message manually to assess whether it complies with our
Terms of Use
and applicable laws. This helps us to keep you and other users of our Platform safe and to protect our Platform from inappropriate or unlawful content.
Please note that some of the private chat groups on our Platform are accessible on an invite-only or on-request basis. If you request to join a private chat group, the administrator of that chat group will process your personal data to assess your eligibility to join their group. The third party administrator of the group will be a separate independent controller to the extent that they are processing your personal data in relation to the administration of their group. Please see the relevant third party’s own privacy notice for more information about how they process your personal data and about your rights as a data subject.
Our legal basis for processing
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you, or it is in our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of others to use personal data in the ways described above to ensure that we provide access to the Services in a secure, safe and effective way and so that we can protect our Platform and our user community.
If you provide any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
If you complete our surveys or provide feedback on your experience of our Services
From time to time, we will invite you to provide feedback about us and our Services in the form of online surveys. We will collect and process your Identity Data and Contact Data as well as any other personal data you choose to volunteer in your survey response or other feedback.
We use this information to help us to monitor and improve our Services, to assist with the selection and development of future Services and to train our personnel.
You can also voluntarily provide feedback using our contact details in the
How to Contact Us
section.
Our legal basis for processing
It is in our legitimate interest to use the personal data provided by you in the ways described above so that we can improve our Services and provide them in a secure, safe and effective way.
If you provide any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
If you participate in one of our promotions
From time to time, we may run prize draws, prize competitions and other promotions on our Platform and/or on our social media accounts. For the purposes of administering such promotions, we may process your Identity Data, Contact Data, Registration Data and any other personal data volunteered by you in relation to your promotion entry.
Our promotions are subject to separate terms and conditions, which you may be required to accept as a condition of entry.
Our legal basis for processing
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you (e.g., the promotion terms and conditions) or it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data in the ways described above to enable us to administer our promotion fairly and effectively and to ensure that we comply with self-regulatory codes governing the operation of prize promotions.
If you provide any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
If you have a general question or need help with any issue concerning our Services
There are various ways in which you are able to contact us. See the
How to Contact Us
section for more information on contact methods.
When you make an enquiry, we will collect and process your Identity Data, Contact Data and certain Registration Data as well as any other personal data you volunteer that is relevant to your enquiry. We use this information to manage and respond to your enquiry.
If you have a technical issue concerning our Platform, we may also collect and process Observed Data and Technical Data to help us diagnose the technical issues you are experiencing and to help us resolve them in an efficient way.
Our legal basis for processing
It is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data in the ways described above to ensure that we are able to help you with your enquiry, provide a good standard of service and improve our customer services.
If you provide any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
If you link to social media sites and/or interact with our social media pages
If you click on one of the social media links on our Platform or otherwise interact with our social media pages such as on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or YouTube (including interacting with any “like” or similar embedded features on our Platform or social media accounts), we and the relevant social media platform may receive information relating to such interaction and may share your personal data in connection with this purpose, such as certain Observed Data and Technical Data. For more information about how we use this personal data, please see the
Insight and Analysis
section.
The relevant social media platform may also be a controller in respect of the personal data that is collected via your use of our social media pages and may use that personal data for additional purposes. For details of how the relevant social media platform uses your personal data, please see the privacy policy of the relevant social media platform.
Our legal basis for processing
It is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data in the ways described above to ensure that we provide the Platform in an effective way and to promote our Platform via social media.
If you breach our Terms of Use or applicable law
If we have reason to believe that you are in breach of our Terms of Use or applicable law, we will process your Identity Data, Contact Data, Registration Data, Profile Data, Transaction Data, and any other personal data collected by us or provided to us by you or third parties in connection with our investigation. We may use your personal data to assess what steps to take, which may include the suspension or termination of your membership and/or reporting any incident to the police or other authorities.
Our legal basis for processing
It is in our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of others to use your personal data in the ways described above to ensure that we that we can provide our Services in a secure, safe and effective way.
If we are required to provide your personal data to the police or other authority in connection with any incidents occurring at an Event, we will do so in order to comply with our legal obligations, or it is in our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of others to do so.
B. Insight and Analysis
If we use cookies to help us personalise our Platform and to understand more about users of our Platform
We and our third-party partners use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and other similar technologies (which we generically refer to as “Cookies”) or may otherwise collect Observed Data through your use of our Platform and any emails that you receive from us. Please see our Cookie Notice for further information, including details of our third-party partners.
We and our third-party partners use Observed Data and Transaction Data to personalise your experience on our Platform and to personalise the content that we deliver to you through our advertising and marketing activities referred to in the
Advertising and Marketing
section.
In addition, we and our third-party partners may use Observed Data and Transaction Data on an aggregated basis, or in a way that does not directly identify you, for the following purposes:
to count users who have visited our Platform or opened an email and collect other types of information, including insights about visitor browsing habits, which helps us to improve our Platform and our Services and the effectiveness of our emails;
to measure the effectiveness of our content;
to learn what parts of our Platform are most interesting to our users and what kind of features and functionalities our users like to see;
to help us understand the type of marketing content that is most likely to appeal to our clients and potential clients;
to help us with the selection of future service lines, website design and to remember your preferences; and
to understand the causes of errors and crashes in relation to our Platform for troubleshooting and support purposes.
In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to certain websites administered by us or on our behalf. We may track click-through data to assist in determining interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of these communications.
Our legal basis for processing
Where your data is collected through the use of non-essential Cookies, we rely on consent to collect your personal data and for the onward processing purpose. Please see our Cookie Notice for further details.
In certain circumstances, we may rely on another lawful basis when we use your personal data collected via the use of cookies. For example, where we use personal data collected through the use of analytics cookies to analyse how you use our Platform, it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data in the ways described above to improve our Services.
If we process any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
C. Advertising and Marketing
This section describes how we may use your personal data to send our advertising to you (including to decide what advertising to send you). It also explains how we and our third-party advertising partners may use your personal data to display our advertising to you when you visit or use other websites and/or online services. In some cases, we may be joint controllers with third parties in respect of these activities – please see the
Joint Controller Activities
section below for further information on this relationship.
If we send you marketing communications by email and/or SMS
We use your Identity Data, Contact Data and Communications Data to send you marketing communications by email and/or SMS. Our marketing will include press releases and information about us, our Services and the offers and promotions we offer from time to time.
Our marketing communications will include personalised and non-personalised marketing. Personalised marketing has been specifically tailored to you and will include content that we think is most relevant to you, based on what we know about you from Identity Data, Contact Data, Registration Data, Observed Data and Transaction Data. Non-personalised marketing is marketing that is not tailored to you.
Where we are sending you personalised marketing, we may also use Identity Data, Contact Data, Registration Data, Observed Data and Transaction Data to help us decide what sort of personalised marketing to send you. Please see the
Insight and Analysis
section for more details about how we may collect Observed Data.
Our legal basis for processing
It is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data for marketing purposes, for example to decide what marketing content we think may appeal to you.
We will only send marketing communications to you by email and/or SMS where we have permission to do so. For example, you may have opted in to receiving marketing on our Platform or we may have collected permission to send you marketing when you enquired about or purchased our Services. In certain circumstances, we may rely on our legitimate interest to send marketing by email and/or SMS to those who have purchased or requested our Services.
If we process any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
In addition, please see the
Insight and Analysis
section to learn about the legal basis that we rely on to collect Observed Data via the use of Cookies.
If we carry out any online advertising through third-party advertising tools
Our third-party advertising partners may provide tools that we can use to display our ads to people who we think are more likely to be interested in our Services.
For example, an advertising partner may have determined that you are someone who is likely to be interested in dating services, using data that they have collected about you (which we do not receive). If we want to display our advertising to people interested in such services on third-party websites that use the services of our advertising partner, we may ask our advertising partner to display our advertising to you.
Our legal basis for processing
If you are someone who has seen this advertising, it is in our legitimate interest that the relevant third-party advertising partner uses the data that you have provided to it to advertise our Services, although please note that we do not receive this data and you should exercise your data subject rights in accordance with the privacy notice of the relevant online service that displays our advertising to you.
If we carry out any online advertising through Observed Data
We and our third-party partners may also use Observed Data and other data that is collected through your use of and interaction with third-party websites and services to provide you with, and analyse the effectiveness of, personalised and non-personalised advertising when you visit or use those other websites and services. In some cases, we do this as described in the
Customer Match Advertising
section below.
By “personalised ads”, we mean advertisements for products and services that you have shown an interest in when you have used our Platform or which we or our third-party partners think you otherwise might be interested in based on Observed Data. Our third-party partners may use the data that is collected to show personalised ads for products and services offered by third parties.
Our legal basis for processing
Please see the
Insight and Analysis
section to learn about the legal basis that we rely on to collect data via the use of Cookies.
Where we use your personal data to display personalised online advertising to you, we rely on the consent that you have provided in respect of the collection of such data, or it is otherwise in our legitimate interest to promote our Services to you.
If we process any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
Our third-party partners may rely on a different lawful basis in respect of their use of your personal data. For more information, please read the privacy notice of the relevant third-party provider (see our
Cookie Notice
for details).
If we carry out “customer match” advertising
We may share your Contact Data (usually your email address, in an encrypted or ‘hashed’ form) with third-party providers of social media platforms such as Facebook and other similar platforms (“
Social Media Platforms
”), so that the Social Media Platform can try to “match” your data with the registration data of their registered users.
Where there is a successful “match” (i.e., because you are a registered user of the relevant Social Media Platform), our advertising will be displayed to you when you use the relevant Social Media Platform (e.g., on your Facebook newsfeed). This is known as “customer match” or “custom audience” advertising because we “customise” the audience that we want to reach on the relevant Social Media Platform.
In some cases, we may also share your hashed Contact Data with Social Media Platforms in order to exclude you from seeing our advertising (because we are trying to reach people who are not yet users of our Services).
Some of the advertising that you see may be personalised to you. The data that we use to personalise our advertising, such as your Technical Data and Observed Data, will not be provided to the third-party providers of the Social Media Platforms. Please see the
Insight and Analysis
section to learn more about how we personalise advertising to you.
This activity is also subject to the privacy choices you have elected to make on the relevant Social Media Platforms.
Our legal basis for processing
We will only share your personal data with Social Media Platforms for the above purpose where you have provided your consent or where it is otherwise in our legitimate interest to do so to promote our Services.
If we process any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
If we carry out “lookalike” advertising on Social Media Platforms
Where we have displayed our advertisements to people on Social Media Platforms through
Customer Match Advertising
(as described above), we may also ask the relevant Social Media Platforms to find other people that share similar interests and characteristics to those persons, which will be based on information that the Social Media Platforms have collected about you and those similar persons (which we do not receive).
This is known as “lookalike” audience advertising because we are trying to show our advertising to people who “look like” our customers and users, and other persons that are likely to be interested in our advertising based on having similar characteristics or interests.
If you are someone who has seen our “lookalike” advertising on a Social Media Platform, this is because the Social Media Platform has determined that you “look like” our customers. Please note that this activity is based on data that you have provided to the relevant Social Media Platform (which we do not receive) and is also subject to the privacy choices you have elected to make on such third-party services. If you wish to opt out of receiving this form of advertising, you will need to update your preferences on the relevant Social Media Platform.
Our legal basis for processing
It is in our legitimate interest to share your personal data with the Social Media Platforms so that we can advertise our Services to other individuals that use those Social Media Platforms and share similar interests and characteristics with you. You can opt out of our sharing of your personal data with the Social Media Platforms by exercising your rights as a data subject as explained in the
Your rights as a data subject
section below.
If we process any special (or “sensitive”) categories of data, such as data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation, we will only process that personal data where we are able to do so under applicable legislation (for example, where you have chosen to make that information public) or with your explicit consent.
If you are someone who has seen our “lookalike” advertising on a Social Media Platform, it is in our legitimate interest that the relevant Social Media Platform uses the data that you have provided to it to advertise our Services, although please note that we do not receive this data and you should exercise your rights in respect of such data in accordance with the privacy notice of the relevant Social Media Platform that displays our advertising to you.
D. Recruitment Activities
If we use your personal data in connection with our recruitment activities
We use your personal data for recruitment purposes, in particular, to assess your suitability for any of our positions that you apply for, whether such application has been received by us online, by email or by hard copy and whether submitted directly by you or by a third-party recruitment agency on your behalf. We also use your Identity Data and Contact Data to communicate with you about the recruitment process, to keep records about our recruitment process and to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations in relation to recruitment.
The personal data we process may include your Identity Data, Contact Data, Recruitment Data and any other personal data that you volunteer during an interview or your interactions with us, or any personal data which is contained in any reference about you that we receive. Such information may also include special categories of personal data (such as information about your health, any medical conditions and your health and sickness records) and information relating to criminal convictions and offences if that information is relevant to the role you are applying for.
We may also process your personal data obtained from any third parties we work with in relation to our recruitment activities, including without limitation, recruitment agencies, background check providers, credit reference agencies and your referees.
We also use your personal data for the purposes of reviewing our equal opportunity profile in accordance with applicable legislation. We do not discriminate on the grounds of gender, race, ethnic origin, age, religion, sexual orientation, disability or any other basis covered by local legislation. All employment-related decisions are made entirely on merit.
Our legal basis for processing
Where we use your personal data in connection with our recruitment activities, it will be in connection with us taking steps at your request to enter into a contract with you, or it is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in such a way to ensure that we can make the best recruitment decisions.
We will not process any special (or “sensitive”) categories of personal data or personal data relating to criminal convictions or offences except where we are able to do so under applicable legislation or with your explicit consent.
E. Receipt of Products and Services from our Suppliers
If we have engaged you or the organisation you represent to provide us with products or services
If we have engaged you or the organisation you represent to provide us with products or services (for example, if you or the organisation you represent provide us with services such as IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your personal data in order to manage our relationship with you or the organisation you represent, to receive products and services from you or the organisation you represent and, where relevant, to provide our Services to others. The personal data we collect from you may include your Identity Data and Contact Data and any other personal data you volunteer that is relevant to our relationship with you or the organisation you represent.
Our legal basis for processing
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you or the organisation you represent, or it is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in the ways described above to ensure that we have an effective working relationship with you or the organisation you represent and are able to receive the products and services that you or your organisation provides, and provide our Services to others, in an effective way.
F. Security
If we need to use your personal data in connection with the administration of our security measures
We have security measures in place at our premises, including CCTV and building access controls. There are signs in place showing that CCTV is in operation. The images captured are securely stored and only accessed on a need to know basis (e.g. to look into an incident). CCTV recordings are typically automatically overwritten after a short period of time unless an issue is identified that requires investigation (such as a theft).
We may require visitors to our premises to sign in on arrival and where that is the case, we will keep a record of visitors for a short period of time. Our visitor records are securely stored and only accessible on a need-to-know basis (e.g. to look into an incident).
Our legal basis for processing
It is in our legitimate interests to process your personal data in the ways described above so that we can keep our premises secure and provide a safe environment for our personnel and visitors to our premises.
G. Business Administration and Legal Compliance
If we need to use your personal data to comply with our legal obligations or in connection with the administration of our business
We may use your personal data: (i) to comply with our legal obligations; (ii) to help prevent fraud; (iii) to enforce or protect our legal rights; (iv) to protect the rights and safety of third parties; and (v) in connection with a business transition such as a merger, reorganisation, acquisition by another company, or sale of any of our assets.
Our legal basis for processing
We have a legal obligation to use your personal data to comply with any legal obligations imposed upon us, such as a court order. Where we use your personal data in connection with a business transition, fraud prevention, to enforce or protect our legal rights or to protect the rights of third parties, it is in our legitimate interest to do so.
We will not process any special (or “sensitive”) categories of personal data or personal data relating to criminal convictions or offences except where we are able to do so under applicable legislation or with your explicit consent.
9. JOINT CONTROLLER ACTIVITIES
This section explains the circumstances where we may be joint controllers with third parties in respect of our advertising and marketing activities. Please see the
Advertising and Marketing
section above for further information on this processing activity.
Meta
We are joint controllers with Meta in respect of some of the activities described in the
Advertising and Marketing
section, where these activities involve advertising to you on platforms owned and operated by Meta. When we refer to Meta, we mean Meta Platforms, Inc. if you are a UK data subject and Facebook Ireland Limited if you are an EU data subject.
We and Meta have entered into Meta’s Controller Addendums (available
here
(EU) and
here
(UK)) to determine our and Meta’s respective responsibilities for compliance with data protection obligations in respect of these activities. In particular, we are each responsible for providing information about how your data might be processed in connection with these activities in our respective privacy notices. Where we or Meta have a direct relationship with the data subject, we or Meta (as applicable) will be responsible for complying with any rights requests from the relevant data subject. However if you are not a user of our Services, Meta will take primary responsibility for giving effect to your data subject rights (see the
Your rights as a data subject
section) in respect of these activities.
For further information about how we and Meta use your personal data in connection with these activities, including the legal basis Meta relies on and the ways to exercise your data subject rights against Meta, please see Meta’s Data Policy at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
Twitter
Twitter has published information about how it uses your personal information in connection with its advertising services, including how you can opt-out of Twitter’s interest-based advertising, here:
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
.
LinkedIn
LinkedIn has published information about how it uses your personal information in connection with its advertising services, including how you can opt-out of LinkedIn’s interest-based advertising, here:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising-data
and here:
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/a421454
.
TikTok
We are joint controllers with TikTok in respect of some of the activities described in the Advertising and Marketing section, where these activities involve advertising to you on TikTok. When we refer to TikTok, we mean TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited if you are a UK data subject and TikTok Technology Limited if you are an EU data subject.
We and TikTok have entered into TikTok’s Jurisdiction Specific Terms (which includes the Joint Controller Terms) (available at
https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/jurisdiction-specific-terms
) to determine our and TikTok’s respective responsibilities for compliance with data protection obligations in respect of these activities.  In particular, we are each responsible for providing information about how your data might be processed in connection with these activities in our respective privacy notices. Where we or TikTok have a direct relationship with the data subject, we or TikTok (as applicable) will be responsible for complying with any rights requests from the relevant data subject. However TikTok will be responsible for giving effect to your data subject rights with regard to any personal data stored or otherwise processed by TikTok after the joint processing.
For further information about how TikTok uses your personal data in connection with these activities, including the legal basis TikTok relies on and the ways to exercise your data subject rights against TikTok, please see TikTok’s Privacy Notice at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en
.
10. IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Where we are required by law to collect your personal data, or we need to collect your personal data under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that personal data when we request it, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. This may apply where you do not provide the personal data we need in order to register your account on our Platform or to provide any other Services you have requested from us. In these circumstances, we may have to cancel your registration or the provision of the relevant Services to you, in which case we will notify you.
11. HOW WE OBTAIN YOUR CONSENT
Where our use of your personal data requires consent, you can provide such consent at the time we collect your personal data following the instructions provided, or by informing us using the contact details set out in the
How to Contact Us
section.
12. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This Privacy Notice only applies to personal data processed by us through your use of our Services and our business operations more generally. However, from time to time, our Platform may contain links to third-party websites and services. We have no control over these websites and services and this Privacy Notice does not apply to your interaction with the relevant third parties.
When you use a link to go from our Platform to another website (even if you don’t leave our Platform) or you request a service from a third party, your browsing and interactions on any other websites, or your dealings with any other third-party service provider, is subject to that website’s or third-party service provider’s own rules and policies. For example, where our Platform invites you to connect with us on social media platforms such as Twitter and LinkedIn, when you click on the links we provide to such third-party platforms, you will be transferred from our Platform to the relevant third-party platform and the privacy notice (and other terms and conditions) of that platform will apply to you.
We do not monitor, control or endorse the privacy practices of any third parties. We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of every website you visit or third-party service provider that you use in connection with your interaction with us and to contact them if you have any questions about their respective privacy notices and practices.
13. THIRD-PARTY APP STORES
If you wish to download and install our App from an app store (such as Google Play or the Apple AppStore), you must first register with the provider of the respective app store and agree to that app store’s user agreement. We have no influence on the terms of such user agreement and are not a party to such user agreement. When downloading and installing our App, certain information is transmitted to the respective provider of the app store (e.g. Google or Apple) including your username, your email address and the customer number of your account, the time of download and the individual device code and, in the case of in-app purchases, your payment information. We have no influence on this process and are not responsible for you downloading and installing our App on your mobile device.
14. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
When processing your personal data, we may need to share it with third parties (including other entities within our group of companies), as set out in the table below. This list is non-exhaustive and there may be circumstances where we need to share personal data with other third parties. However, we only share personal data with others when we are legally permitted to do so. When we share personal data with others, we put contractual arrangements and security mechanisms in place to protect the personal data shared and to comply with our data protection, confidentiality and security standards and obligations.
Third-party suppliers who provide applications/ functionality, data processing or IT services
We share personal data with third parties who support us in providing our Platform and help provide, run and manage our internal IT systems. Such third parties may also include, for example, providers of information technology, cloud-based software-as-a-service providers, SEO, identity management, website design, hosting and management, data analysis, data back-up, security and storage services. The servers powering and facilitating that cloud infrastructure are located in secure data centres around the world, and personal data may be stored in any one of them. We also share your personal data with third-party service providers to assist us with insight analytics. These providers are described in our
Cookie Notice
.
Payment providers and banks
We share personal data with third parties who assist us with the processing of payments and refunds.
Third-party marketing, reviews/survey administration and CRM specialists
We share personal data with specialist suppliers who assist us in managing our marketing database and sending out our marketing communications and account-related communications. We also share data with third party organisations who help to administer our reviews and surveys.
Advertising partners
We share personal data with third-party advertising partners, including those set out in our Cookie Notice when you use our Services. This data is used to provide you with, and measure the effectiveness of, online advertising and for other advertising-related activities.
(Please see the
Advertising and Marketing
section for more information.)
Third-party suppliers who assist us in administering our promotions
We share personal data with specialist suppliers who assist us in administering our prize draws, prize competitions and other promotions.
Recruitment agencies and related organisations
We share personal data with external recruiters and third-party providers that undertake background checks on our behalf.
Auditors, lawyers, accountants and other professional advisers
We share personal data with professional services firms who advise and assist us in relation to the lawful and effective management of our organisation and in relation to any disputes we may become involved in.
Law enforcement or other government and regulatory agencies and bodies
We share personal data with law enforcement or other government and regulatory agencies or other third parties as required by, and in accordance with, applicable law or regulation.
Other third parties
Occasionally, we may receive requests from third parties with authority to obtain disclosure of personal data, such as to check that we are complying with applicable law and regulation, to investigate an alleged crime, or to establish, exercise or defend legal rights. We will only fulfil requests for personal data where we are permitted to do so in accordance with applicable law or regulation.
15. TRANSFERS OUTSIDE THE UK AND THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”)
Where necessary to provide our Services, we may transfer personal data to countries outside the United Kingdom (“UK”) and the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
Countries outside the UK and EEA have different data protection laws to the UK and the EEA. In particular, such countries may not provide the same degree of protection for your personal data, may not give you the same rights in relation to your personal data and may not have a data protection supervisory authority to help you if you have any concerns about the processing of your personal data. However, when transferring your personal data outside the UK or the EEA, we will comply with our legal and regulatory obligations in relation to your personal data, including having a lawful basis for transferring personal data and putting appropriate safeguards in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the personal data. We will take reasonable steps to ensure the security of your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
In particular, where your personal data is transferred outside the UK or the EEA to a territory not subject to an “adequacy decision” by the European Commission (meaning that the relevant country has been deemed by the UK and the European Commission to offer an adequate level of protection), we have agreements in place with the relevant parties which include standard data protection clauses adopted by the relevant data protection regulator and approved by the relevant UK and/or EEA authorities that give personal data the same protection it has in the UK and the EEA. Alternatively, we may put in place other appropriate safeguards. Please contact us if you require more information about these safeguards.
16. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In respect of personal data that we process in connection with the supply of our Services, we may retain your personal data for up to six years from the date of supply of the relevant Services and in compliance with our data protection obligations. We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
Where we process personal data in connection with the registration and use of an account on our Platform, we may retain your personal data for up to six years from the date that the relevant account is terminated (and in compliance with our data protection obligations). We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
Where we process any other personal data, we will retain relevant personal data for up to three years from the date of our last interaction with you (and in compliance with our data protection obligations). We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
If any personal data is only useful for a short period (e.g., for a specific promotion or marketing campaign), we will not retain it for longer than the period for which it is used by us.
If you have made a complaint or have brought a claim against us, or if we have brought a claim against you, we will keep the relevant records for at least six years after the complaint or claim is resolved.
If you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we will need to retain certain personal data on a suppression list indefinitely so that we know not to send you further marketing communications in the future. However, we will not use this personal data to send you further marketing unless you subsequently opt back in to receive such marketing.
17. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We are committed to keeping the personal data you provide to us secure and we have implemented information security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data under our control from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss. In addition, all our employees and data processors (i.e., those who process your personal data on our behalf) are obliged to respect the confidentiality of the personal data of all users of our Services.
18. PERSONAL DATA OF MINORS
Our Services are only available to adults aged 18 years and over. They are not for use by, or targeted at, minors (those aged under 18) and we do not knowingly collect personal data of minors. However, this does not prevent minors from providing personal data to us. If we do collect and process personal data of minors, we will comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to the processing of personal data of minors.
If you are under the age of 18, you must not use our Services and you must not provide us with any personal data. If we discover that we are holding personal data of a minor, we will delete that information as soon as possible. Please contact us if you have reason to believe that a minor may have submitted personal data to us (see the
How to Contact Us
section above).
19. YOUR RIGHTS AS A DATA SUBJECT
You have certain rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you. Please note that many data subject rights are not absolute and the extent to which they apply may vary depending on the circumstances and any exemptions that may apply. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, or wish to obtain further information on your rights, please contact us using the details set out in the
How to Contact Us
section above.
Your right of access
If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your personal data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that personal data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may charge a reasonable fee for producing those additional copies.
Your right to rectification
If the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified. If we have shared your personal data with others, we’ll let them know about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you who we’ve shared your personal data with so that you can contact them.
Your right to erasure
You can ask us to delete or remove your personal data in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it or where you withdraw your consent (where applicable). If we have shared your personal data with others, we will let them know about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your personal data with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to restrict processing
You can ask us to “block” or suppress the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances such as where you contest the accuracy of that personal data or you object to us processing it for a particular purpose. This may not mean that we will stop storing your personal data but, where we do keep it, we will tell you if we remove any restriction that we have placed on your personal data to stop us processing it further. If we’ve shared your personal data with others, we’ll let them know about the restriction where it is possible for us to do so. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we’ll also tell you who we’ve shared your personal data with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to data portability
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to obtain personal data you have provided to us (in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format) and to reuse it elsewhere or to ask us to transfer it to your chosen third party.
Your right to object
You can ask us to stop processing your personal data, and we will do so, if we are: (i) relying on our own or someone else’s legitimate interest to process your personal data, except if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the processing; or (ii) processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Your rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automatic processing, including profiling, if it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you, unless such profiling is necessary for the entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
Your right to withdraw consent
If we rely on your consent (or explicit consent) as our legal basis for processing your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. You can exercise your right of withdrawal by contacting us using our contact details in the
How to Contact Us
section or by using any other opt-out mechanism we may provide, such as an unsubscribe link in an email.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
If you have a concern about any aspect of our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided in the
How to Contact Us
section. You can also report any issues or concerns to a national supervisory authority in the country of your residence or the place of the alleged infringement. As we are incorporated in the United Kingdom, our regulatory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”). Contact details for the ICO can be found on its website at
https://ico.org.uk
. You can find a list of contact details for EU supervisory authorities at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
This version was last updated on 3rd August 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads:
Skip to main content
Help Center
Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Sign in
Contact Us
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
About personalized ads
We work with ads partners to bring you more useful and interesting advertising content through interest-based advertising. For example, we may do this based on information that ad partners share with us. We hope that this increases the usefulness of X Ads for you.
Here’s one way it would work. Let’s say a flower shop wants to advertise a Valentine’s Day special on X. They’d prefer to show their ad to floral enthusiasts who subscribe to their newsletter. To get the special offer to those people who are using X, the shop may share with us hashed emails from their mailing list. We can then match that to a hash of emails that our users have associated with their accounts in order to show them a Promoted post for the Valentine’s Day deal on X.
Another way this works is when a person visits the flower shop’s website. In that case, depending on technologies implemented by the shop’s website, X may collect information through pixels and similar technologies that enable the shop owner to advertise through X and reach those visitors with a Valentine’s Day offer. For more information about pixels and similar technologies we use, see our
Cookie Policy
.
About X marketing
In addition to helping advertisers to reach their audiences on X, X also works with third-party advertising partners, including Google, to market X’s own services, including through the delivery of interest-based ads. These partners may also serve ads on behalf of X advertisers. The privacy options described below apply to interest-based ads served by X; they do not apply to ads served by these other companies, including on X’s behalf. You can learn more about opting out of receiving interest-based ads from other companies at
optout.aboutads.info
and
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. If you are on the web, you can also opt out of Google Analytics by installing Google’s
opt-out browser add-on
, and opt out of interest-based Google ads using
Google’s Ads Settings
.
What are my privacy options?
If you don't want X to combine your activity on X with other online activity from our partners to show you interest-based ads on and off of X, there are several ways to turn off this feature:
Using your X settings, visit the
Ads preferences
settings and disable the
Personalized ads
setting.
If you are on the web, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice tool at
optout.aboutads.info
to opt out of seeing interest-based advertising from X in your current browser.
On iOS 13 and previous versions only, if you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for iOS on your current mobile device, enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting in your iOS phone’s settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). On iOS 14 and later versions only, if you don't want X to access your iOS Identifier for Advertising, disable the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). If you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for Android on your current mobile device, enable “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android phone’s settings.
Note:
Please confirm that you are logged in if you want to view or change the web settings for your X account. Changing your X settings in your web browser when you are logged out will only affect behavior on that browser while you are not logged in to X.
Opting out of X’s interest-based ads won’t stop you from seeing X ads altogether. For example, you may still see ads on X that are personalized based on other information, including what you post, who you follow, what type of phone you use, where you are, and the links you click on X.
Share this article
Post
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en:
U.S.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Aug 19, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the “Platform”), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy. The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Inc. (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users and other individuals age 13 and over in connection with our Platform. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users under age 13 (“Children”), please refer to our
Children’s Privacy Policy
. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process consumer health data as defined under Washington’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws, please refer to the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the
Terms of Service
.
What Information We Collect
We may collect information from and about you, including information that you provide, information from other sources, and automatically collected information.
Information You Provide
When you create an account, upload content, contact us directly, or otherwise use the Platform, you may provide some or all of the following information:
Account and profile information, such as name, age, username, password, language, email, phone number, social media account information, and profile image.
User-generated content, including comments, photographs, livestreams, audio recordings, videos, text, hashtags, and virtual item videos that you choose to create with or upload to the Platform (“User Content”) and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created. Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in User Content created or published by users on the Platform. When you create User Content, we may upload or import it to the Platform before you save or post the User Content (also known as pre-uploading), for example, in order to recommend audio options, generate captions, and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect.
Messages, which include information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. They include messages you send through our chat functionality when communicating with sellers who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. Please be aware that messages you choose to send to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or share the messages.
Information, including text, images, and videos, found in your device’s clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate information sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard onto the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
Purchase information, including payment card numbers or other third-party payment information (such as PayPal) where required for the purpose of payment, and billing and shipping address. We also collect information that is required for extended warranty purposes and your transaction and purchase history on or through the Platform.
Your phone and social network contacts, with your permission. If you choose to find other users through your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts.
Your choices and communication preferences.
Information to verify an account such as proof of identity or age.
Information in correspondence you send to us, including when you contact us for support.
Information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, research, promotions, marketing campaigns, events, or contests such as your gender, age, likeness, and preferences.
Information From Other Sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:
If you choose to sign-up or log-in to the Platform using a third-party service such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google, or link your TikTok account to a third-party service, we may collect information from the service–for example, your public profile information (such as nickname), email, and contact list.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their websites or apps by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel).
We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platform.
We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us.
We may also collect or receive information about you from organizations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organizations, and charity groups.
Automatically Collected Information
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including internet or other network activity information such as your IP address, geolocation-related data, unique device identifiers, browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), and
Cookies
.
Usage Information.
We collect information regarding your use of the Platform and any other User Content that you generate through or upload to our Platform.
Device Information.
We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in to the Platform.
Location Data.
We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your User Content. Current versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from U.S. users. If you are still using an older version that allowed for collection of precise or approximate GPS information (last release in August 2020) and you granted us permission to do so, we may collect such information.
Image and Audio Information.
We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations. We may collect biometric identifiers and biometric information as defined under U.S. laws, such as faceprints and voiceprints, from your User Content. Where required by law, we will seek any required permissions from you prior to any such collection. Click
here
to learn more.
Metadata.
When you upload or create User Content, you automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the User Content. Metadata describes other data and provides information about your User Content that will not always be evident to the viewer. For example, in connection with your User Content the metadata can describe how, when, where, and by whom the piece of User Content was created, collected, or modified and how that content is formatted. It also includes information, such as your account name, that enables other users to trace back the User Content to your user account. Additionally, metadata includes data that you choose to provide with your User Content, e.g., any hashtags used to mark keywords to the video and captions.
Cookies.
We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable certain Cookies, see the “
Your Choices
” section below.
We may link your contact or account information with your activity on and off our Platform across all your devices, using your email or other log-in or device information. We may use this information to display advertisements on our Platform tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our service providers and business partners, and the information practices of these service providers and business partners are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above. Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Information
As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.
We generally use the
Information We Collect
:
To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback.
To customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you have liked or interacted with.
To send promotional materials from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development.
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertisements we serve to you and others and to deliver advertising, including targeted advertising, to you on the Platform.
To make suggestions and provide a customized ad experience.
To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and others to connect with each other (for example, through our Find Friends function), to suggest accounts to you and others, and for you and others to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform.
To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform.
To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices.
To infer additional information about you, such as your age, gender, and interests.
To help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform.
To promote the safety and security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies.
To verify your identity in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Business Account, to ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law), or in other instances where verification may be required.
To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services.
To announce you as a winner of our contests or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes.
To enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content.
To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
To combine all the
Information We Collect
or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes.
To facilitate sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support.
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
Profiling:
We do not engage in profiling which results in legal or similarly significant effects, as defined under applicable law.
How We Share Your Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and while TikTok does not sell your personal information or share your personal information with third parties for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising where restricted by applicable law, we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the
Information We Collect
for business purposes.
Service Providers and Business Partners
We share the categories of personal information listed above with service providers and business partners to help us perform business operations and for business purposes, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, administering contests and special offers, technology services, deliveries, sending communications, advertising and marketing services, analytics, measurement, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, and data processing. These service providers and business partners may include:
Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers, who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
but who do not receive your message data, including, in particular, the following third-party payment providers/processors: PayPal (
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
) and Stripe (
https://stripe.com/en-ie/privacy
).
Customer and technical support providers, who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Researchers who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Advertising, marketing, and analytics vendors, who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Within Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group, which are given limited remote access to
Information We Collect
as necessary to enable them to provide certain important functions. To learn more about how we share information with certain corporate group entities, see
here
.
In Connection with a Sale, Merger, or Other Business Transfer
We may share all of the
Information We Collect
in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sales, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
For Legal Reasons
We may disclose any of the
Information We Collect
to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of the Platform, our affiliates, users, or the public. We may also share any of the
Information We Collect
to enforce any terms applicable to the Platform, to exercise or defend any legal claims, and comply with any applicable law.
With Your Consent
We may share your information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or at your direction.
We partner with third-party services (such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Google) to offer you a seamless sign-up, log-in, and content-sharing experience. We may share information about you with these third-party services if you choose to use these features. For example, the services may receive information about your activity on the Platform and may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with their privacy policies. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide.
If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users. You should use caution in disclosing personal information while using the Platform. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit.
When you make a purchase from a third party on the Platform, including from a seller selling products through our shopping features, we share the information related to the transaction with that third party and their service providers and transaction fulfillment providers. By making the purchase, you are directing us to share your information in this way. These entities may use the information shared in accordance with their privacy policies.
Your Rights
You may submit a request to know, access, correct or delete the information we have collected from or about you at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by following the instructions in the communication you receive from us notifying you of our decision. You may also exercise your rights to know, access, correct, delete, or appealby sending your request to the physical address provided in the “
Contact Us
” section below. You can also update your account information directly through your in-app settings, as well as request a copy of your TikTok data or request to deactivate by following the instructions
here
or delete your account by following the instructions
here
.
You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. To designate an authorized agent to exercise choices on your behalf, please provide evidence that you have given such agent power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or to provide information necessary to verify your account.
More information about requests that we received can be found
here
.
While some of the information that we collect, use, and disclose may constitute sensitive personal information under applicable state privacy laws, such as information from users under the relevant age threshold, information you disclose in survey responses or in your User Content about your racial or ethnic origin, national origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual life or sexual orientation, status as transgender or nonbinary, citizenship or immigration status, or financial information, we only process such information in order to provide the Platform and within other exemptions under applicable law. For example, we may process your financial information in order to provide you the goods or services you request from us or your driver’s license number in order to verify your identity.
Your Choices
You may be able to control some of the
Information We Collect
through your device browser settings to refuse or disable
Cookies
. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. In addition, your choice to disable Cookies is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you disable Cookies, so you may need to separately disable Cookies for each type of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you. Without this information, we are not able to provide you with all of the requested services.
You can navigate to "Ads" in your in-app settings to opt-out of targeted advertising based on personal information about your activity on nonaffiliated apps and websites.
You may be able to manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work with to serve advertising across the Internet by using the choices available at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
and
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
Your device may have controls that determine what
Information We Collect
. For example, you can control whether we can collect your mobile advertising identifier for advertising through settings on your Apple and Android devices.
You can opt out of marketing or advertising emails by using the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails.
Current versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from U.S. users. If you are still using an older version that allowed for collection of precise or approximate GPS information (last release in August 2020) and you granted us permission to do so, you can prevent your device from sharing such information with the Platform at any time through your device’s operating system settings.
If you have registered for an account, you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
Some browsers transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites. Because of differences in how browsers incorporate and activate this feature, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
Data Security and Retention
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
The retention periods are different depending on different criteria, such as the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information such as your profile information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile immediately, but may keep other information about you to process the violation.
TikTok may transmit your data to its servers or data centers outside of the United States for storage and/or processing. Other entities with whom TikTok may share your data as described herein may be located outside of the United States.
Children and Teens
The privacy of Children is important to us. We provide a separate experience for Children in the United States, in which we collect and process only limited information. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of Children, please refer to our
Children’s Privacy Policy
.
The Platform otherwise is not directed at Children. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a Child, we will delete this information and terminate the Child’s account. If you believe there is a user who is below the age of 13, please contact us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback
.
If you are a parent or guardian, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you can use. As a parent or guardian, you can also request the deletion of the account of your underage child or download the account data of your underage child by contacting us at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
.
If you are a parent or guardian, depending on your state of residence, you may have the ability to exercise certain rights over your child's or teen's account. For example, you may request the deletion of their accounts, download account data, or exercise other rights in connection with your child or teen by contacting us at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. We will address these requests in accordance with applicable law.
Other Rights
Sharing for Direct Marketing Purposes (Shine the Light)
If you are a California resident, once a calendar year, you may be entitled to obtain information about personal information that we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. To submit a request, contact us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
.
Content Removal for Users Under 18
Users of the Platform who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal of User Content they posted by contacting us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. All requests must provide a description of the User Content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that User Content. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. We may not be able to respond if you do not provide adequate information. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the material. For example, User Content that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user.
Users of the Platform who are Connecticut residents and are under 18 years of age, and parents and guardians of users of the Platform who are Connecticut residents under 16 years of age, may request that we unpublish or delete their own account (for users aged 13 through 17) or their child’s account (for parents and guardians with teen users under 16) by following the instructions
here
.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of the new Privacy Policy, posting the new Privacy Policy, or providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to:
Contact us:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
Mailing Address: TikTok Inc., Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry, 5800 Bristol Parkway, Suite 100, Culver City, CA 90230