PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: January 22, 2025
SocialChain, its parent, and affiliates (“SocialChain”) recognize that people who use Pi Network applications value their privacy. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how SocialChain (“we”, “our”, or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and stores personal information of its users
from the Pi Network mobile application, the Pi Browser mobile application, the Pi Node desktop software, Pi applications on Pi Apps Platform including Pi Wallet, Pi KYC, Pi Developer portal
and
the website,
https://minepi.com/
(the “Site”) with regard to the Pi Digital Currency (“Pi”).  This Policy applies to the Site, applications, products and services (collectively, “Services”) on or in which it is posted, linked, or referenced.
By using the Services, you accept the terms of this Policy and our Terms of Use, located at https://socialchain.app/tos, and consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your information as described in this Policy. If you have not done so already, please also review our Terms of Use.  The Terms of Use contain provisions that limit our liability to you and require you to resolve any dispute with us on an individual basis and not as part of any class or representative action. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF USE, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF THE SERVICES.
If you are visiting this site from the European Union (EU), see our Notice to EU Data Subjects below for our legal bases for processing and transfer of your data.  If you are a resident of California, see our Notice to California Residents, at
https://socialchain.app/privacy/california
.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We collect personal information about you in the following ways: 1) from you when you voluntarily submit information directly to us; 2) using automated technology, including when you visit our Site, social media, or communications; and 3) using third party sources, including our service providers, analytics providers, and social media companies. Automated technology collects information from your mobile device and includes cookies, web beacons, local shared objects, or other similar technology. More information is given below in the “
Cookies and Other Technology”
section below.
We may make full use of all information that is de-identified, aggregated, or otherwise not in personally identifiable form.  We may combine data collected from third party sources.
Information you give us
Information we collect from you includes:
Contact and identity information, such as your name, phone number, email address, Facebook name, username;
User-created content, such as your chat messages, comments, likes, thumb-ups/downs, arts and graphics in social applications including chats and forums;
Network information regarding transactions, such as transactions you send or receive.
Feedback and correspondence, such as information you provide in your responses to surveys, when you participate in community research activities, report a problem with Service, receive customer support or otherwise correspond with us;
Marketing information, such your preferences for receiving marketing communications and ads and details about how you engage with them.
Know Your Customer Verification Information
Separate from the personal data collected in our app and from other sources as set forth herein, and to comply with industry regulatory standards and government orders in different areas such as Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Know-Your-Client (KYC), and Counter-Terrorist Financing (CTF), SocialChain collects personal information such as identity documents (including passport, driver's license, national identity card, state ID card, tax ID number, passport number, driver's license details, national identity card details, visa information, selfie images, selfie videos etc.), proof of address, source of fund declaration, purposes of fund documents, and source of wealth ("KYC Data").  This KYC data is collected and used solely to verify the identity of  Pi Network members ("Pioneers"), and to be compliant with regulatory requirements and the SocialChain policy that only real human beings can receive Pi.
        SocialChain's KYC process is multifaceted and incorporates the use of real human beings and AI technology.  We utilize AI technology in our KYC process for enhanced efficiency and security.  Personal information collected for identity verification may be processed using AI algorithms. We use ChatGPT, as a trusted AI partner, to automate identity verification and enhance security measures.  By using our KYC services, users consent to the use of ChatGPT, and other AI providers that may be later implemented, as part of our KYC process.
ChatGPT maintains its own privacy policies which may be accessed at the following link:
https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy
Information we get from others
We may get information about you from other third party sources and we may add this to information we get from your use of the Services. Such information may include:
We may collect information that other users provide about you when they use our services. For example, if another user allows us to collect information from their device phonebook or email contacts—and you’re one of that user’s contacts—we may combine the information we collect from that user’s phonebook or email contacts with other information we have collected about you. We may also obtain information from other companies. For example, we offers the option for you to login to our services through your Facebook account and Apple sign-in. With your authorization through Facebook, Google or iOS, these companies will give us the information that you consent to send us.
Social Media Widgets: Our Site may include social media features, such as the Facebook logins, “like” button and widgets, such as the “share this” button. These features may collect your personal information and track your use of the Site. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing such functionality.
Information automatically collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about your usage of our apps, activities you have through our servers, such as how many times you mine, how many security circle members you add, the number of friends you invite to our apps, browsing history in the Pi Browser application, your usage information of Pi apps.
Account information. We collect  information about account status, language, Pi data, account behavior data.
Device Information. We collect device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, wireless network, and mobile network information (including the mobile phone number).
Device Phonebook. If you’re using our mobile app, we may—with your consent—collect information from your device’s phonebook.
Location Information.  By using our services, you acknowledge that we may collect information about your location. With your consent, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses. If you are a Pi Node –meaning you run the desktop software of Pi Node downloadable from link
https://node.minepi.com/
– your IP address is public.
Log Information. We also collect log information when you use our website. That information includes, among other things:
details about how you’ve used our services
device information, such as your web browser type, operating system and language
access times
pages viewed
IP address
identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser
pages you visited before or after navigating to our website.
the pages or features of our Site to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, the frequency with which the Site is used by a user, search terms, the links on our Site that a user clicked on or used, and other statistics.
We may use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. For more information, please see the section entitled “Cookies Policy” below.
We also use Google Analytics to help us offer you an optimized user experience. You can find more information about Google Analytics’ use of your personal data here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Information we will never collect. We will never ask you to share your private keys or wallet passphrases. The wallet passphrases will be entered into the Pi Wallet interface locally on your phone to unlock your wallet, and will never leave your phone or come to our servers. Never trust anyone or any site that asks you to give your private keys or wallet passphrases.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
To provide our service
We will use your information in the following ways:
develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our services,
communicate with you, to send information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages, etc..
monitor and analyze usage,
personalize the services by, among other things, suggesting friends or message templates, or customizing the content we show you, including ads,
enhance the safety and security of our products and services
verify your identity, and protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity,
use information we’ve collected from cookies and other technology to enhance the services and your experience with them.
To comply with law
We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
To optimize our platform
In order to optimize your user experience, we may use your information to operate, maintain, and improve our Services. We may also use your information to respond to your comments and questions regarding the Services, and to provide you and other users with general customer service.
To fulfill your requests
With your consent, We may use or share your personal information with your consent, such as when you instruct us to take a specific action with respect to your personal information, or you opt into third party marketing communications.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not share or sell the personal information that you provide us with other organizations without your express consent, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We disclose personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:
Affiliates. We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers. We may share personal information when we contemplate or enter into a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement; Protection and Safety. We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes. We may share information to comply with laws.
We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal processes.
We may share information to protect the rights and property of ours, our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and Terms of  Use.
We may share information in an emergency. This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
Professional Advisors and Service Providers. We may share information with those who need it to do work for us to provide the Services. These recipients may include third party companies and individuals to administer and provide the Service on our behalf (such as customer support, hosting, email delivery, database management services and identity KYC validators (identity verifiers), as well as lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers.
KYC validators in Pi KYC app (KYC App) accessible through Pi Browser. KYC validators may be individual Pioneers from your country or region, have passed the PI KYC and agreed to the SocialChain Validator Services Agreement that contains a Data Processing Agreement. The information shared with a specific KYC validator will be only a subset of your KYC data to help with identity verification. Please refer to the KYC App design for more details on how KYC validators access your information.
With third parties as part of a merger or acquisition.  If SocialChain gets involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes.
In the aggregate or after de-identification. We may also share with third parties aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
We do not share any data with ad networks directly. However the ad networks used inside our apps may request directly from your phone’s operating system, such as iOS or Android, an anonymized advertising identifier in order to for them to serve you with more relevant ads.
Other. You may permit us to share your personal information with other companies or entities of your choosing. Those uses will be subject to the privacy policies of the recipient entity or entities.
USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
We welcome users from all over the world, but wherever you live or use our services, we operate our services from the United States. This means that we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries whose local data-protection and privacy laws may offer fewer protections than those in your country of residence or from any country where you use or access the services.
EU users should read the important information provided below under “Notice To EU Data Subjects”  about transfer of personal information outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
HOW INFORMATION IS SECURED
We retain information we collect as long as it is necessary and relevant to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we retain personal information to comply with applicable law where required, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our Terms of Use, and other actions permitted by law. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
We employ industry standard security measures designed to protect the security of all information submitted through the Services. However, the security of information transmitted through the internet can never be guaranteed. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the internet or for changes to or losses of data. Users of the Services are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, biometrics, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of any of our digital services. In order to protect you and your data, we may suspend your use of any of the Services, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected.
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
Accessing, Updating, Correcting, and Deleting your Information
You may access information that you have voluntarily provided through your account on the Services, and may review, or request that it be corrected, or deleted by logging into your account in the Pi mobile application and visiting the user profile screen. For further requests in regard to personal data access, you may 1) submit a request ticket through
this link
, or 2) make a request through https://prighter.com/q/16457313501. You can request to correct contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and correct your personal information and preferences, subject to applicable law and SocialChain terms of service.  If you choose to withdraw your consent from the collection, processing, and transfer of your information then we will be unable to provide you with a service and your account will be deleted. Data subjects have the right to withdraw their consent at any time and we will honor your request.  However, because your consent to the sharing of information is necessary for our ability to verifying the identity of  Pioneers so as to be compliant with regulatory requirements and the SocialChain policy that only real human beings can receive Pi, without your consent we cannot provide you with our service.
Tracking Technologies Generally
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. For more information, please see the section entitled “Cookies Policy” below.
Google Analytics
You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
CONTACT INFORMATION. We welcome your comments or questions about this Policy, and you may contact us at: https://prighter.com/q/16457313501.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date above.
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting of the new terms and/or upon implementation of the changes to the Site (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the Site or Services after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN
Our services are not intended for—and we don’t direct them to—anyone under 13. And that’s why we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13. Consistent with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), if we learn that we have received any information directly from a child under age 16 without first receiving his or her parent’s verified consent, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child (or his or her parent or legal guardian) to inform the child that he or she cannot use the Site and subsequently we will delete that information.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
California state law confers certain rights relating to personal information to its residents.  If you are a California resident, please also see our California Consumer Privacy Notice located at:
https://socialchain.app/privacy/california
NOTICE TO EU DATA SUBJECTS
Personal Information
With respect to EU data subjects, “personal information,” as used in this Privacy Policy, is equivalent to
“personal data” as defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Sensitive Data
Some of the information you provide us may constitute sensitive data as defined in the GDPR (also referred to as special categories of personal data), including identification of your race or ethnicity on government-issued identification documents.
Legal Bases for Processing
We only use your personal information as permitted by law. We are required to inform you of the legal bases of our processing of your personal information, which are described in the table below. If you have questions about the legal bases under which we process your personal information, contact us through https://prighter.com/q/16457313501.
Processing Purpose
Legal Basis
To provide our services
To enable features to you
To communicate with you
To optimize our platform
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety
To enforce our terms of service
These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impacts on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by any adverse impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
With your consent
Where our use of your personal information is based upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw it anytime in the manner indicated in the Service or by contacting us through https://prighter.com/q/16457313501.
Use for New Purposes
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy, where we are permitted by law to do so and where the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis for that use. If we have relied upon your consent for a particular use of your personal information, we will seek your consent for any unrelated purpose.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR, you have certain rights regarding your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Opt-out. Stop sending you direct marketing communications which you have previously consented to receive. We may continue to send you Service-related and other non-marketing communications.
Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete. Delete your personal information.
Transfer. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict. Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
We value your privacy and your rights as a data subject and have therefore appointed Prighter Group with its local partners as our privacy representative and your point of contact. If you want to contact us via our representative Prighter or make use of your data subject rights, please visit the following website.
https://prighter.com/q/16457313501
.
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or respond to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us at https://prighter.com/q/16457313501 or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator
here
Cross-Border Data Transfer
Please be aware that your personal data will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those in your country of residence. We transfer your personal information out of the EEA only upon your consent. You consent to the transfer of your information, including personal information, to the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy by visiting our Site or using our Services.
Whenever we transfer your personal information out of the EEA to the U.S. or countries not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection, the transfer will be based on a data transfer mechanism recognized by the European Commission as providing adequate protection for personal information.
Transfers to Third Parties
Courts, tribunals, government authorities and related parties or counterparties with whom we share personal data, third-party vendors and business partners are in some cases located outside the EU. Unless the recipients are located in countries that have been deemed adequate by the European Commission, we put in place data transfer agreements based on the applicable European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses to protect the personal data so transferred.  In certain cases, we may rely on statutory derogations for international data transfers.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of the EEA.
The collection, processing, and transfer of your information is necessary for our ability to provide you with our service. Without your consent we will be unable to authenticate your account, verify your identity, facilitate mining, establish security circles along with various other actions necessary for providing you with our service. As a result, if you decline to consent to the collection, processing, and transfer of your data we will be unable to provide you with our service.
COOKIES POLICY
We understand that your privacy is important to you and are committed to being transparent about the technologies we use. In the spirit of transparency, this policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies on our Site.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes. We and our marketing partners, affiliates, and analytics or service providers use cookies, web beacons, or pixels and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses the Site has the best possible experience.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie (“Cookie”) is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some Cookies will always be used. You can find out more about each Cookie by viewing our current Cookie list below. We update this list periodically, so there may be additional Cookies that are not yet listed. Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used in the Site or in emails to help us to deliver Cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
Why do we use Cookies?
We generally use Cookies for the following purposes:
To recognize new or past customers.
To store your password if you are registered on our Site.
To improve our Site and to better understand your visits on our platforms and Site.
To integrate with third party social media websites.
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
Some Cookies are necessary for certain uses of the Site, and without such Cookies, we would not be able to provide many services that you need to properly use the Site. These Cookies, for example, allow us to operate our Site so you may access it as you have requested and let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access Site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our Sites.
We also use functional Cookies and Cookies from third parties for analysis, marketing and security purposes. Functional Cookies enable certain parts of the site to work properly and your user preferences to remain known. Analysis Cookies, among other things, collect information on how visitors use our Site, the content and products that users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of our third party advertising. Advertising Cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences and having our ads appear at the top of search results.  Security cookies, such as CAPTCHA, ensure that users are human. Cookies are either “session” Cookies which are deleted when you end your browser session, or “persistent,” which remain until their deletion by you (discussed below) or the party who served the Cookie. Full details on all of the Cookies used on the Site are available at our Cookie Disclosure table below.
How to disable Cookies.
You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of Cookies through a functionality built into your web browser. To learn more about how to control Cookie settings through your browser:
Click
here
to learn more about how to clear, enable and manage Cookies in Chrome;
If you want to learn more about Cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance. In addition, certain third party advertising your internet browsing. To learn more about this feature from Google, click
here
.
To control flash Cookies, which we may use on our Site from time to time, you can go to
this link
because Flash Cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings. Please note that if you decline the use of Cookies, some functions of the website may be unavailable and we will not be able to present personally tailored content and advertisements to you.
We may link the information collected by Cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and use the combined information as set forth herein. Similarly, the third parties who serve Cookies on our Site may link your name or email address to other information they collect, which may include past purchases made offline or online, or your online usage information. If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have certain rights that are described above under the header “Notice to EU Data Subjects”, including the right to inspect and correct or delete the data that we have about you.
Cookies Disclosure
Name of Cookie/Identifier
What does the Cookie generally do (e.g., website function and administration, analytics, marketing)?
Is it a 1st or 3rd party Cookie and what is the name of the party providing it?
What type of Cookie is it (persistent or session)?
What is the duration of the Cookie on the website (if not cleared by the user)?
Google Analytics
Analytics
3rd - Google
Persistent
2 years
minepi_session
Maintaining user experience continuity
1st - Pi Network
Persistent
9 days
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://socialchain.app/privacy/california:
SOCIALCHAIN
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Last Updated:
April 16, 2022
1.
Introduction
This
Privacy Notice for California Residents
supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in SocialChain’s “Privacy Policy” at
https://socialchain.app/privacy
and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Any terms defined in the CCPA (section 1798.140) have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
2.
Information We Collect
Our app at Pi Network mobile application, the Pi Browser mobile application, the Pi Node desktop software, Pi applications on Pi Apps Platform including Pi Wallet, Pi KYC, Pi Developer portal, the website,
https://minepi.com/
, and Pi Network official social media accounts and pages (the “App”) collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“Personal Information”). In particular, our App has collected the following categories of Personal Information about its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Identifiers
(such as your full name, phone number, email address, Facebook name, username).
Internet and other electronic network activity
(such as IP address; phone numbers; device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type, operating system and language; user-created content, such as your chat messages, comments, likes, thumb-ups/downs, arts and graphics in social applications including chats and forums; device phonebook after receiving your explicit consent; details about how you’ve used our services; access times; pages viewed;  identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser; the page that referred you to the Site; the pages or features of our Site to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, the frequency with which the Site is used by a user, search terms, the links on our Site that a user clicked on or used, and other statistics; account status, Pi data, account behavior data)
.
Geolocation data
(such information about your approximate location based on your IP address). If you are a Pi Node –meaning you run the desktop software of Pi Node downloadable from link
https://node.minepi.com/
– your IP address is public).
KYC data
(identity documents (including passport, driver's license, national identity card, state ID card, tax ID number, passport number, driver's license details, national identity card details, visa information, etc.), proof of address, source of fund declaration, purposes of fund documents, and source of wealth).
SocialChain obtains the categories of Personal Information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you
when you voluntarily submit information directly to us by registering for an account
.
Indirectly from you
using automated technology, including when you visit our Site, social media, or communications.
From third-party sources
including our service providers, analytics providers, and social media companies.
3.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To provide our service
We will use your information in the following ways:
develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our services,
communicate with you, to send information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages, etc..
monitor and analyze usage,
personalize the services by, among other things, suggesting friends or message templates, or customizing the content we show you, including ads,
enhance the safety and security of our products and services
verify your identity, and protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity,
use information we’ve collected from cookies and other technology to enhance the services and your experience with them.
To comply with law
We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
To optimize our platform
In order to optimize your user experience, we may use your information to operate, maintain, and improve our Services. We may also use your information to respond to your comments and questions regarding the Services, and to provide you and other users with general customer service.
To fulfill your requests
With your consent, We may use or share your personal information with your consent, such as when you instruct us to take a specific action with respect to your personal information, or you opt into third party marketing communications.
4.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know
You have the right to request that SocialChain disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months, including:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources of personal information collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you over the past 12 months.
You also have a right to know if we have sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose over the past 12 months and, if so, the categories of Personal Information sold or disclosed and the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold or disclosed, along with the business or commercial purpose for which the personal information was sold or disclosed.
To learn more about how to exercise your Right to Know, see
the section
on Exercising Your CCPA Rights.
Personal Information Sold or Disclosed for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, as described above, SocialChain has not sold Personal Information to third parties.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, as described above, SocialChain has disclosed Personal Information in following categories to third parties for a business purpose:
Identifiers.
KYC data.
We have or may these categories of Personal Information to the following third parties.
Category and Types of Information we collect
Third parties with whom we may share this information
Identifiers
(such as
your
name,
phone number, email
address
, Facebook name, username)
.
KYC data (identity documents (including passport, driver's license, national identity card, state ID card, tax ID number, passport number, driver's license details, national identity card details, visa information, etc.), proof of address, source of fund declaration, purposes of fund documents, and source of wealth).
Affiliates. We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers. We may share personal information when we
contemplate or enter into a business deal, or negotiate a business 
deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business 
or assets, consistent with SocialChain’s Terms of Service and 
Privacy Policy. These deals can include any merger, financing, 
acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding, including 
transfers to a blockchain foundation.
Law Enforcement. We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes. We may share information to comply with laws.We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal processes. We may share information to protect the rights and property of ours, our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and Terms of  Use. We may share information in an emergency. This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
Professional Advisors and Service Providers. We may share information with those who need it to do work for us to provide the Services. These recipients may include third party companies and individuals to administer and provide the Service on our behalf (such as customer support, hosting, email delivery, database management services and identity KYC validators (identity verifiers), as well as lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers.
KYC validators in Pi KYC app (KYC App) accessible through Pi Browser. KYC validators may be individual Pioneers from your country or region, have passed the PI KYC and agreed to the SocialChain Validator Services Agreement that contains a Data Processing Agreement. The information shared with a specific KYC validator will be only a subset of your KYC data to help with identity verification. Please refer to the KYC App design for more details on how KYC validators access your information.
With third parties as part of a merger or acquisition.  If SocialChain gets involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes.
An acquirer or successor-in-interest in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, change of control, consolidation, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any part of the business including any negotiation thereof.
Internet and other electronic network activity (such as IP address; phone numbers; device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type, operating system and language; user-created content, such as your chat messages, comments, likes, thumb-ups/downs, arts and graphics in social applications including chats and forum
s
; device phonebook after receiving your explicit consent; details about how you’ve used our services; access times; pages viewed;  identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser; the page that referred you to the Site; the pages or features of our Site to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, the frequency with which the Site is used by a user, search terms, the links on our Site that a user clicked on or used, and other statistics; account status, Pi data, account behavior data).
Geolocation data (such information about your approximate location based on your IP address). If you are a Pi Node –meaning you run the desktop software of Pi Node downloadable from link
https://node.minepi.com/
– your IP address is public).
Affiliates. We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers. We may share personal information when we
contemplate or enter into a business deal, or negotiate a business 
deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business 
or assets, consistent with SocialChain’s Terms of Service and 
Privacy Policy. These deals can include any merger, financing, 
acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding, including 
transfers to a blockchain foundation.
Law Enforcement. We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes. We may share information to comply with laws. We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal processes. We may share information to protect the rights and property of ours, our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and Terms of  Use. We may share information in an emergency. This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
Professional Advisors and Service Providers. We may share information with those who need it to do work for us to provide the Services. These recipients may include third party companies and individuals to administer and provide the Service on our behalf (such as customer support, hosting, email delivery, database management services and identity KYC validators (identity verifiers), as well as lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers.
KYC validators in Pi KYC app (KYC App) accessible through Pi Browser. KYC validators may be individual Pioneers from your country or region, have passed the PI KYC and agreed to the SocialChain Validator Services Agreement that contains a Data Processing Agreement. The information shared with a specific KYC validator will be only a subset of your KYC data to help with identity verification. Please refer to the KYC App design for more details on how KYC validators access your information.
With third parties as part of a merger or acquisition.  If SocialChain gets involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes.
An acquirer or successor-in-interest in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, change of control, consolidation, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any part of the business including any negotiation thereof.
Right To Delete
You have the right to request that SocialChain delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions permitted by law.
To learn more about how to exercise your Right to Delete, see
the section
on Exercising Your CCPA Rights.
Right to Opt-Out
SocialChain does not sell your information.
Right to Non-Discrimination for Exercising Consumer Privacy Rights
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act, including by exercising the rights specified herein. Some of the functionality and features available to you may change or no longer be available to you in some instances.
5.
Exercising Your CCPA Rights
Request to Know and Request to Delete
You can make a Request to Know and/or Request to Delete in the following ways:
You may make a request here: [https://pinetwork.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1/create/1]
You may also make a request through https://prighter.com/q/16457313501
You may only make a verifiable consumer Request to Know twice within a 12-month period.
Once we receive your Request to Know or Request to Delete, we will begin the process to verify that you are the person that is the subject of the request (the "Verification Process"). The Verification Process consists of matching identifying information provided by you with the information we have about you in our records. Upon making a request, you should be prepared to provide us with information that will help us to verify your identification. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to respond to your request.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us but if you have an account with us, you may make a request through the account. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
We will acknowledge your Request to Know and/or Request to Delete within 10 business days and will endeavor to respond substantively to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to additional 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will retain correspondence, documents and information related to CCPA requests for 24 months as required by law.
Request to Opt-Out
You can make a Request to Opt Out in the following ways:
You may make a request here: [https://pinetwork.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1/create/1]
You may also make a request through https://prighter.com/q/16457313501
However, SocialChain does not sell your information at this time.
Cookies
As explained in our
Privacy Policy
you can opt out of cookies using your browser.  Please Note:
Opt-outs are device and browser based. You must opt out on each device and each browser where you want your choice to apply.
Opt-outs maybe stored via cookies. If you clear cookies, your opt-out may no longer be valid and you must opt out again where you want your choices to apply.
We may still share your Personal Information with our service providers that help us perform functions that are necessary for our business such as third party companies that help us with order fulfilment, delivery, vendors that host our Website, analytics processors, etc. These entities are contractually obligated to keep this information confidential and not use it for any purpose other than for the services they provide to our business.
ADDITIONAL OPTIONS TO OPT-OUT OF SALE
In addition to the above options to opt out of the “sale” of your Personal Information under the CCPA, you have controls and choices with respect to collection and use of your information by third parties. These are summarized for you below. We do not control or maintain opt-out mechanisms for third party companies and are not responsible for their operation.
Advertising Opt-Out
You can opt out of sharing your information with third-party companies engaged in targeted advertising including social networking sites such as Google, Microsoft, Instagram, Pinterest and Facebook using the following tools provided through the AdChoices website powered by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA):  For websites:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
.  For mobile apps:
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
Google
. You can opt out of Google Analytics by installing Google's Opt Out browser add on:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and opt out of interest-based Google ads using
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
.
Facebook
. To understand more about Facebook advertising and manage your preferences, please visit https://www.facebook.com/about/ads. Login to Facebook and go to Settings > Ads > Ad Settings (web) or Ad Preferences > Ad Settings (app) for more information.
RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION FOR EXERCISING CONSUMER PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act, including by exercising the rights specified herein.
6.
Authorized Agent
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Authorized agents can make requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act by contacting us through https://pinetwork.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1/create/1. We will require authorized agents to provide proof of the consumer’s consent and designation as an authorized agent for purpose of making the request, and will require authorized agents to provide information necessary to verify the identity of the consumer who is the subject of the request. We may also require that a consumer verify his or her own identity directly with us before we respond to an authorized agent’s request.
We reserve the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent.
8. Other California Privacy Rights
California Shine The Light Law
Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with which they have an established business relationship, (1) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, e-mail address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties.  To request the above information, please contact us at https://pinetwork.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1/create/1 .
We will respond to such written requests within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 150 days from the date received.  Please note that we are required to respond to each customer only once per calendar year.
California Do Not Track Notice
Because there are not yet common, industry-accepted "do not track" standards and systems, the Site does not currently respond to Do Not Track signals.  In addition, we may allow third parties to collect Personal Information from your activity on our Site, as described in this Notice and the
Privacy Policy
.
10. Changes to Our Privacy Notice
SocialChain reserves the right to amend this Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will post the updated Notice on the Website and update the Notice’s last updated date.
11. Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, the ways in which SocialChain collects and uses your Personal Information described above, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
https://pinetwork.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1/create/1
or
https://prighter.com/q/16457313501
Sub-policy 1
https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy:
Switch to
ChatGPT
(opens in a new window)
Sora
(opens in a new window)
API Platform
(opens in a new window)
Research
Safety
ChatGPT
Sora
API Platform
For Business
Stories
Company
News
Research
Back to main menu
Research Index
Research Overview
Research Residency
Latest Advancements
GPT-4.5
OpenAI o3-mini
OpenAI o1
OpenAI o1-mini
GPT-4o
GPT-4o mini
Sora
Safety
Back to main menu
Safety Approach
Security & Privacy
ChatGPT
Back to main menu
Explore ChatGPT
Team
Enterprise
Education
Pricing
Download
Sora
Back to main menu
Sora Overview
Features
Pricing
Help center
(opens in a new window)
Sora log in
(opens in a new window)
API Platform
Back to main menu
Platform Overview
Pricing
API Log in
(opens in a new window)
Documentation
(opens in a new window)
Developer Forum
(opens in a new window)
For Business
Stories
Company
Back to main menu
About us
Our Charter
Careers
Brand
Overview
Logos
Gallery
Partnerships
Typography
Language
Contact
News
Log in
We use cookies and similar technologies to deliver, maintain, improve our services and for security purposes.
Check our
Cookie Policy
for details. Click 'Accept all' to let OpenAI and partners use cookies for these purposes. Click 'Reject non-essential' to say no to cookies, except those that are strictly necessary.
Accept all
Reject non-essential