Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains our approach to dealing with your Personal Information and Dental Records, including how we collect, hold, manage and use your Personal Information and Dental Records when you use our Services.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version on our App and website and it will be binding on you and us from the date it is posted on our App.
Scope of Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information and Dental Records we hold.
Personal Information under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) is defined to mean information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion.
Dental Records includes the information collected and retained by dental practitioners as required by the Dental Board of Australia under the ‘Guidelines on Dental Records’ (the Guidelines).
Personal Information and Dental Records will be collectively referred to as your ‘Personal Details’. The defined terms used in our Terms have the same meaning in this Privacy Policy.
Your Consent
By using our Services, you consent to us using your Personal Details for any of the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and as required by the Dental Board of Australia.
Why do we collect your Personal Details?
We collect and hold your Personal Details for the purposes required by the Guidelines and that are reasonably necessary for us to provide the Services.
How do we collect your Personal Details?
We will generally collect your Personal Details directly through your use of our App, including when you create an Account and make a payment.
We will also collect your Personal Details when we provide you the Dental Services.
We may also collect your Personal Details through email or written communication with you.
What form of Personal Details do we collect?
We are required by the Guidelines to collect the following when you access the Dental Services:
Your name;
Your phone number;
Your email address;
Your Medicare details;
Your private health fund details;
Your completed and current medical history including any adverse drug reactions; and
Comprehensive details of each dental appointment you attend, including but not limited to, treatment provided and diagnoses.
You may elect to provide additional information on the App or when you are receiving the Services, at your discretion.
We will also collect your payment details to process payments through the App for the Services provided.
By accessing our App, we may collect additional data (including details of your location and how you use the App). This information will allow us to provide the Services, additional information regarding our Services and to enhance the App.
Retaining your Personal Details
We will retain your Personal Details for the duration of your use of the App and the Services and in accordance with the requirements under the Guidelines and the law.
When you cease use of the App or the Services we will retain your Personal Details for no longer than 10 years, or for any period that it is necessary for us to retain your Personal Details by law (the Retention Period).
We will make your Personal Details available to you if requested.
We will make your Personal Details available to another health service provider as required and permitted under the Guidelines or by law.
How we use your Personal Details
We may collect, use and disclose your Personal Details for purposes associated with conducting our business activities, providing the Services you request, marketing and promotional efforts and to improve our content and service offerings. This includes:
Facilitating transactions between you and us;
Processing your payment;
Monitoring your use of our App;
Improving the quality of our service;
Administrative purposes;
Statistical analysis of the usage of our App and our delivery of Services; and
Complying with the law, including privacy legislation.
Occasionally, we may also use your Personal Details to notify you about important changes to our Services. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at
patientservices@dental99.com.au
Destruction of your Personal Details
Once the Retention Period has lapsed, we will ensure the timely and secure destruction and/or disposal of your Personal Details in compliance with the Guidelines and the law.
If at any other time you request we destroy and/or dispose of your Personal Details, we will comply with your request in a timely matter, but only to the extent that we are not otherwise required to retain your Personal Details by law.
Security of your Personal Details
We will endeavour to protect your Personal Details from unauthorised interference (including access or disclosure). Your Personal Details will be encrypted and protected with the aim to prevent unauthorised inference.
Informing you of a Data Breach
A data breach will occur if there has been unauthorised interference to your Personal Details, and that interference is likely to result in serious harm to yourself (Data Breach).
If there is a Data Breach, we will determine if the Data Breach is likely to cause serious harm. If we are unable to prevent serious harm occurring, we will notify the relevant reporting body of the Data Breach.
To the extent required by law, or otherwise at our discretion, we will contact you directly if there has been, or we suspect there has been, a Data Breach.
Direct Marketing
We may collect, hold, use and disclose your Personal Details in accordance with that consent to enable us (or as the case may be those third party individuals and organisations) to provide you information about, and offer you, goods and services.
If you give us consent to provide you with direct marketing communications, you can later request not to receive direct marketing communications. You may also request that we do not provide your Personal Details to any of our third party providers in order for them to provide you with direct marketing communications.
Disclosure
We may share de-identified data in aggregated form with third parties.
Personally identifiable information or business information will not be shared with third parties except as required by law or where you have given us your express consent to do so.
We may need to provide your Personal Details to third parties who we engage to assist us to provide goods and services to you. Where your Personal Details are disclosed to these third parties, they will only be authorised to use your Personal Details for the purpose that we supplied it to them.
Data Activity
Sometimes information that you upload is provided with associated metadata.
We may collect data that is associated with your visit, including the pages you visit, the activities you do and the purchases you make. We may also collect information relating to your mobile phone or other device used to access the App and our Services. This may include the device type and IP address. We may collect, use and disclose and store this information in any of the ways set out in this Privacy Policy.
Links to other Applications
Our App may contain links to other applications, websites and tools that are owned, controlled or operated by us. We are not responsible for the practices employed by applications linked to or from our App or the information or content contained on them.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our App to another application, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other application, including applications that have a link on our App, is subject to that application’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Legal Disclosure of Personal Details
We reserve the right to disclose any Personal Details which identify you as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us in relation to the App or the Services.
How to Opt-out or Access your Personal Details
If you want to find out what Personal Details we hold about you, or believe the Personal Details we hold are inaccurate, out of date, or incomplete, or want to make a complaint about a breach of any privacy laws or codes that apply to us, please email us at
patientservices@dental99.com.au
If you are not happy with our response, you may complain directly to the Australian Privacy Commissioner.