Política de privacidad
Last updated July , 2021
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personal information in accordance with the functioning of SwingerApp
Data controller
The data controller for the information you provide that is collected by SwingerApp or its affiliates is THE APP OF THE MASK, S.L., registration number B88275730.
Scope
This privacy policy applies to all users of our Site and Services anywhere in the world. This includes those who use our Site and Services as:
“Users”,
“host” and
“guest”
Personal data
Personal information or data, as described in Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person—identifiable particularly by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his/her physical, psychological, mental, economic or social identity.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect and store the following types of information—
1.1 Information you provide
Information submitted when you register with SwingerApp. Please remember that SwingerApp offers two different types of services, wherein the user can choose to use the App in his/her capacity as a “host” or a “Guest”. Depending on which role you are carrying out, more or less personal information may be required of you, to ensure all our users can enjoy the App’s services safely and securely.
The Guest’s personal information
The Guest will only be asked by SwingerApp to provide an email address, telephone number, username and password. However, when a Guest is accepted in a Meeting, the payment gateway inside the App (operated by a third-party Electronic Money Institution) will require he/she enter their credit card information. Depending on the applicable law in each country, the billing address may also be required. SwingerApp does not store this information, and has no immediate access to it.
The host’s personal information
Someone wishing to act as a host will have to provide an email a telephone number, his/her address and password. In order to receive the shared costs of a Meeting, they will also have to enter bank details into the payment gateway, such as email (for PayPal or similar) or bank accounts, billing addresses, etc. Again, SwingerApp does not store this information, and has no immediate access to it, as the Electronic Money Institution facilitating in-App transactions is a specialised third-party.
1.2. Information collected through use of the app
During your use of the App, we may use a variety of technologies that collect information about how the app is being utilised. This includes—
Transaction information
SwingerApp may collect information about your type of interaction with the App—for instance, whether you use it as a host, guest or both. Transaction information also includes information regarding certain general details of the meetings, including things such as date, duration, amount charged, and approximate location.
Technical data
This regards information on the type of device your are using to access the App, including the hardware models, operating systems, application version, network connection type, software, provider, preferred language, unique device identifiers and device motion information.
1.3. Special permission
The App may require access to certain services on your mobile device, which will have to be approved by you beforehand, such as the following—
Location information
You will be required to have your geo-location activated in your mobile device so that the app may collect your precise or approximate location (depending on whether you are connected to WiFi, 4G, etc). This information will be viewed by other users in real-time. SwingerApp will collect location information when the app is running in the foreground (app open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on screen) of your device.
Camera
You will need to grant SwingerApp access to your device’s camera in order to take pictures, videos or any other form of supported. However, any pictures, videos or any other supported form of multimedia taken inside the App will not be uploaded onto any user’s personal photo library and will instead be kept inside the App.
1.4. Information from other sources
SwingerApp may receive and collect information from other sources, such as—
Users of the App providing feedback, in the form of ratings, comments or complaints.
Partners through which you access your account, such as payment providers.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
SwingerApp consensually collects and uses the information to ensure the following—
Efficiency
SwingerApp aims to ensure the user can efficiently access its information after signing in, and thus is formatted to remember previously provided information so that the user will not have to re-enter it each time he/she wishes to use the service (for instance, login details, which will not have to be introduced every time you use the App so long as you are not logged out).
Customer support
We also hope to maintain a fluid communication channel with the user for service-related or research purposes, via emails, notifications, text messages or others, always dependent upon the user’s consent. All the information we have gathered or are provided with will be used by customer support to swiftly resolve any issues that may have arisen during the course of a meeting, and appropriate action will be taken.
Safety and security
SwingerApp uses your data to monitor the use of the App and to ensure interactions are being carried out safely and correctly. For instance, SwingerApp will have to provide the App with all the information necessary to ensure that, if they are not carrying out their meeting in accordance with our Terms and Conditions, the User can promptly identify him/her and launch a complaint. This also helps make sure that the host using the App matches the SwingerApp account we have on file, preventing fraud and guaranteeing other users’ protection.
Research and development
SwingerApp may use the information to develop and test new products and features, as well as automatically update the App on your device (if the user allows it to be so) and diagnose and fix technical problems.
We are also able to monitor metrics such as demographic patterns, trends of usage, traffic and preferences, among others, in order to better our services.
Communications from SwingerApp
SwingerApp may use the information gathered to communicate with the user about services, promotions and surveys, among others, as well as to notify him/her of things such as approaching missions, rating deadlines or other users’ complaints.
Communications among users
SwingerApp uses the information collected to enable communications between users, in the form of texts, photos or other supported multimedia exchanged between SwingerApp and Users.
Legal proceedings
The information collected may be used to investigate claims or disputes arising from the use of the App, or as otherwise allowed by the applicable law.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Protecting our user’s information is a priority, and SwingerApp takes a range of measures to ensure it. We implement a variety of security measures during your use of our Site and/or Service to maintain the safety of your personal information.
However, no security measure is infallible, and thus we cannot guarantee the inviolable security of your information and do not assume any responsibility for the unauthorised use or access to your information under our control.
3.1. Exercise of ARCO rights
The user may exercise access, rectification, cancellation and opposition rights, through a written and signed request, directed to SwingerApp, owned by THE APP OF THE MASK, S.L., via email to
info@swingerapp.es
or through any other medium that allows the identity of the user exercising any of the above rights to be recognised.
3.2. User security
Due to the possibly sensitive nature of the information stored inside our App, we recommend that you use a strong and unique password to protect his account and log out after having used the App. Remember to be proactive with account and App security.
3.3. Age limitations
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 16 years old, the parents are in control. We do not specifically market to children under the age of 16 years old, so if you are 16 or under do not use this service or provide us with personal information about you. If you are a parent of a child of 16 or under and have become aware that your child has shared his/her personal information with us please contact us at
info@swingerapp.es
and you may request access, rectification and/or cancellation of the account.
COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s browser or device by websites, apps, online media and advertisements. They are designed to hold modest amounts of data specific to a particular user, tailoring the user’s experience to match his/her preferences.
SwingerApp may use cookies and other identification technologies for the following purposes—
Authenticate users.
Remember user preferences and settings.
Analysing traffic and trends.
Please see our Cookie Statement for more information on the matter, as well as your choices relating to the use of such technologies.
THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to outside parties. This does not include partners and other parties who may assist us in operating our app, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect others’ or our rights, property or safety.
SwingerApp may share the information gathered with the following parties. Any other share of information will take place only after you have been notified and consented to it.
Other users
For legal reasons or in event of a dispute
SwingerApp may share your information if we believe the applicable law, regulation, operating agreement, legal process or governmental request requires it.
KEEPING AND DELETING INFORMATION
SwingerApp may retain certain information about you under the following circumstances, subject to the applicable law—
If the applicable law due to whatever circumstances requires us to.
SwingerApp also reserves the right to delete user accounts at our discretion if we think it is the appropriate course of action to take.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING USER INFORMATION
You can view and amend much of the information we keep about you through your account and profile pages. You are free to choose whether to receive notifications from SwingerApp, although it is strongly advised that you do in order to ensure the proper functioning of the App.
You can also edit your username and email address in your Profile section inside the app, as well as look up past, current and pending missions.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may occasionally, and in our discretion, update this policy. If you continue to use our services after an update, your consent to the updated policy will be assumed. If material changes are being made, we will notify you of the change both through the App and other means that you will have previously agreed to, such as email or text. Please make sure to not only read our Privacy Policy carefully but also to make sure you are aware of any changes that may have occurred.