Snake Blast
Privacy Policy
What is the purpose of the Privacy Policy?
For us at ADVENWORKS, the protection of your personal data is a priority!
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of the ways we collect and process your personal data.
No need to worry, we collect and process your personal data in compliance with the French law N° 78-17 dated 6th January 1978 on Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties (hereinafter referred to as the “French Data Protection Act”), as well as the (very fashionable) Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (hereinafter referred to as the “GDPR”).
What is personal data?
When you use Advenworks mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Application") or the website www.advenworks.com (hereinafter referred to as the "Website"), we may require you to provide us with your personal data, so that you may use the services we provide.
The term "personal data" means any data that enables you to be identified as an individual.
What personal data does ADVENWORKS collect?
When you use our services, we collect certain data about you, including your family name, first name, city, email, age, as well as your public user name (IDFA/AAID + IDFV).
This data may be collected while you are browsing our Website or using our Application.
Who is the Data Controller?
We are!
Advenworks
SAS - RCS Paris : 833 332 232
9, rue du Fauconnier – 75004 Paris
Email : contact@advenworks.com
1. Use of Your Personal Data
On what basis do we collect and use your personal data?
Legitimate interest
When it comes to the collection and storage of your personal data, it enables us to provide our services
Consent
When it comes to the collection and storage of your personal data via cookies used on the Application and the Website
When you voluntary provide us your personal data, we collect it in order to improve the Application
Legal Obligation
When processing of your personal data is required in order to comply with a legal obligation
Why do we collect and use your personal data?
To manage your access to our services
To generate a file of Users, unsubscribers and prospects
To establish sales and visit statistics ragarding our Application and Website
To customize our answers to your information requests
To manage customers’ opinions on services or the contents of the Application
To send you information or commercial solicitations
To measure the number of uses of the Application and visits to the Website, the number of views and User activity
When processing of your personal data is required in order to comply with a legal obligation
NB: You may always refuse to communicate your personal data. In case this communication is obligatory, you shall be informed of the consequences of your refusal.
2. Recipients of the Collected Data
The following persons shall have the right to access to your personal data:
our personnel,
the services in charge of control (including external auditor),
our subcontractors.
We may also give access to your personal data to government agencies, for the sole purposes of meeting legal requirements, or to representatives of the law, ministerial officers and organizations responsible for the collection of debts.
Note that your personal data shall never be transferred, leased-out to or exchanged with third-parties.
3. Personal Data Storage Period
Your personal data shall be stored during the time necessary for you to use the Application and:
With regard to possible promotion operations towards customers, their data may be stored for a period of 3 (three) years from the end of the commercial relations with them. Beyond that three-year period, we may contact you again to find out if you still wish to receive commercial solicitations.
All information taking into account your right to object shall be stored for at least 3 (three) years from the exercise of this right.
Any data providing the proof of a right or a contract and that must be stored in compliance with a legal obligation shall be so for the period of 5 (five) years.
The term of storage of the cookies set forth in article 6 is 13 (thirteen) months.
4. Safety
No need to worry! We (and our subcontractors) take all necessary precautions, as well as all appropriate organizational and technical measures, to maintain the security, the integrity and the confidentiality of your personal data.
5. Hosting
Your personal data are stored and kept during the entire duration of processing on servers located in France.
Your data may also be hosted on servers belonging to Google, located in the United-States.
Google LLC has joined the Privacy Shield, which has been deemed adequate to enable data transfers under EU law by the European Commission on July 12, 2016 (see
the adequacy determination
). To learn more about the guarantees that it provides, please visit
the Privacy Shield website.
6. Cookies
Cookies are often encrypted small lines of text that are stored in your web browser or your smartphone. They are created when your browser is loading a website or an application: this website or application sends information to the browser, which creates a text file. Each time the User is visiting this website or application, the browser retrieves this file and sends it to the website’s or application’s server.
There are various types of cookies which do not have the same purposes:
Technical cookies are used throughout your browsing, in order to facilitate it and to carry out some of the functions. A technical cookie may be used, for instance, to memorize the answers you provided in a sign-up form or preferences relating to the language or the presentation of an internet site or an application when such options are available.
We use technical cookies.
Social network cookies may be created by social platforms for purposes of enabling web designers to share their website content on said platforms. These cookies may be used by social platforms for purposes of tracking net surfers’ visit on the relevant website or application, whether they use or not these cookies.
We use social network cookies. These cookies are placed only with your consent. You have the possibility to be informed on their nature, accept them or refuse them.
Furthermore, you may check the privacy policies of the social platforms that created these cookies, in order to be acquainted with the purposes for which they use the browsing information they collect through these cookies, as well as of the procedures for exercising your rights with these platforms.
Advertising cookies can be created not only by the website or application Users are visiting, but also by other websites or applications which provide advertisements, announcements, widgets or any other element on the displayed page. In particular, these cookies enable the use of the retargeting technique, which is a marketing model whose purpose is to propose advertisements to the internet user that are adapted specifically for them.
We also use advertising cookies. These cookies are placed only with your consent. You have the possibility to have information on their nature, accept them or refuse them.
We bring your attention to the fact that you can refuse the installation of cookies in your browser settings. However, this refusal could prevent you from using the services offered on the Website or the Application.
7. Your Rights
What are your rights over your personal data?
Right to information
Is exactly the reason why we wrote this Privacy Policy
Right of access
You have the right to access all your personal data at any moment
Right of correction
You have the right to correct personal data that is incorrect, incomplete or obsolete at any moment
Right of limitation
You have the right to obtain the limitation of processing of your personal data in certain cases as defined in article 18 of the GDPR
Right to portability
You have the right to receive your personal data in a machine-readable format and request its transfer to the recipient of your choice
Right to be forgotten
You have the right to request your personal data be deleted and to prohibit any future collection thereof
Right of complaint
before a competent supervisory authority (in France, the French Data Protection Authority – CNIL), if you consider that the personal data processing under this Privacy Policy is in violation of the applicable regulations
Right of refusal
You can refuse the processing of your personal data. Please note that we may still keep processing them for legitimate purposes or for ensuring our legal defense.When it comes to potential customer management, you may at any moment signal your refusal via the unsubscribe link situated at the bottom of our promotional emails.
Right to define instructions related to the processing of data after your death
with regard to the storage, the erasure and the communication of your personal data after your death and appointing a person in charge of their execution if necessary.In case of general instructions, you may appoint a digital trusted third party who is certified by the French data protection authority (CNIL). In case of specific instructions, you can provide them to us at the address listed below.You may modify or revoke your instructions at any time.
You may exercise the abovementioned rights by writing to us at:
contact@advenworks.com
Or the following address, for those who prefer paper-based correspondence:
Advenworks GDPR
9, rue du Fauconnier – 75004 Paris
Thank you for providing us in addition a copy of a signed identity document.
8. Entry into force
This Privacy Policy came into force on
15/01/2019
.
9. Modifications
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part.
You shall be informed of this modification via a message that shall appear upon opening the Application or the Website.
Any changes will be effective from the time of publication of the new Privacy Policy. Your use of the Website or the Application after the changes have been implemented implicitly expresses your acknowledgement and acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. Otherwise, and if the new Privacy Policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Application or the Website.
You have the right to request your personal data be deleted and to prohibit any future collection thereof.
In order for your data to be erased you can either:
Contact us on
"
contact@advenworks.com
" with "Data Deletion Request" as the subject line. We'll ask you to prove your identity before granting your request.
Reset your mobile advertising identifier (IDFA on iOS, GAAID on Android) or activate “Limit Ad Tracking” in your device’ settings. You will limit further data collection if you choose to enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” option
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;