隐私政策
前言
杭州遊卡網路技術有限公司 （“我們”）非常重視用戶的隱私保護，因此制定了本份涵蓋如何收集、使用、披露、分享以及存儲使用者的資訊的《隱私政策》。使用者在使用我們的服務時，我們可能會收集和使用您的相關資訊。我們希望通過本《隱私政策》向您說明，在使用我們的服務時，我們如何收集、使用、儲存和分享這些資訊，以及我們為您提供的訪問、更新、控制和保護這些資訊的方式。
本《隱私政策》適用於用戶與我們的交互行為以及用戶註冊和使用我們的服務。除了在本《隱私政策》和服務條款以及其他公佈的準則的規定的情況下，我們不會公佈與使用者個人身份有關的資料。請注意我們不時地會檢查其隱私措施，因此有關的措施會隨之變化。我們懇請您定期光顧官網【https://m.sanguosha.com/】以確保對我們隱私政策最新版本始終保持瞭解。在閱讀完本政策之後，如您對本《隱私政策》或與本《隱私政策》相關的事宜有任何問題，請與我們聯繫。
您使用或繼續使用我們的服務，都表示您同意我們按照本《隱私政策》收集、使用、儲存和分享您的資訊。
1. 我們收集的個人資訊：
我們提供服務時，可能會收集、儲存和使用下列與您有關的資訊。如果您不提供相關資訊，可能無法註冊成為我們的用戶或無法享受我們提供的某些服務，或者無法達到相關服務擬達到的效果。
1.1您直接提供和我們自動採集的個人資訊
• 您在註冊帳戶或使用我們的服務時，向我們提供的相關個人資訊，例如姓名、身份證號、電話號碼、聯繫位址、電子郵件或銀行卡號等；
• 您通過我們的服務向其他方提供的共用資訊，以及您使用我們的服務時所儲存的資訊。
1.2我們可能從協力廠商獲取您個人資訊的情形
• 您也可以使用協力廠商帳號（如微信、QQ）登錄我們的產品。此時需要您選擇授權我們在符合相關法律和法規規定的前提下讀取您在該協力廠商平臺上登記、公佈、記錄的公開信息。對於我們要求但協力廠商無法提供的個人資訊，仍需要您補充提供。
2. 我們獲取的您的資訊
您使用服務時我們可能收集如下資訊：
2.1日誌資訊，指您使用我們的服務時，系統可能通過cookies、web beacon或其他方式自動採集的技術資訊，包括：
a)  設備或軟體資訊，例如您的移動設備、網頁流覽器或用於接入我們服務的其他程式所提供的配置資訊、您的IP位址和移動設備所用的版本和設備識別碼；
b)  在使用我們服務時搜索或流覽的資訊，例如您使用的網頁搜索詞語、訪問的社交媒體頁面url位址，以及您在使用我們服務時流覽或要求提供的其他資訊和內容詳情；
c)  有關您曾使用的移動應用（APP）和其他軟體的資訊，以及您曾經使用該等移動應用和軟體的資訊；
d)  您通過我們的服務進行通訊的資訊，例如曾通訊的帳號，以及通訊時間、資料和時長；
e)  您通過我們的服務分享的內容所包含的資訊（中繼資料），例如拍攝或上傳的共用照片或錄影的日期、時間或地點等。
2.2位置資訊，指您開啟設備定位功能並使用我們基於位置提供的相關服務時，收集的有關您位置的資訊，包括：
a)  您通過具有定位功能的移動設備使用我們的服務時，通過GPS或WiFi等方式收集的您的地理位置資訊；
b)  您或其他用戶提供的包含您所處地理位置的即時資訊，例如您提供的帳戶資訊中包含的您所在地區資訊，您或其他人上傳的顯示您當前或曾經所處地理位置的共用資訊，您或其他人共用的照片包含的地理標記資訊；
c)  您可以通過關閉定位功能，停止對您的地理位置資訊的收集。
3. 我們如何使用您的資訊
我們可能將在向您提供服務的過程之中所收集的資訊用作下列用途：
3.1向您提供服務；
•  在我們提供服務時，用於身份驗證、客戶服務、安全防範、詐騙監測、存檔和備份用途，確保我們向您提供的產品和服務的安全性；
3.2説明我們設計新服務，改善我們現有服務；
•  使我們更加瞭解您如何接入和使用我們的服務，從而針對性地回應您的個性化需求，例如語言設定、位置設定、個性化的説明服務和指示，或對您和其他使用我們服務的使用者做出其他方面的回應；
•  3.3向您提供與您更加相關的廣告以替代普遍投放的廣告；評估我們服務中的廣告和其他促銷及推廣活動的效果，並加以改善；
•  3.4軟體認證或管理軟體升級；
•  3.5 讓您參與有關我們產品和服務的調查；
3.6 向您寄送我們提供的禮品或其他實體產品（如有）。
為了讓我們的用戶有更好的體驗、改善我們的服務或您同意的其他用途，在符合相關法律法規的前提下，我們可能將通過我們的某一項服務所收集的個人資訊，以彙集資訊或者個性化的方式，用於我們的其他服務。例如，在您使用我們的一項服務時所收集的您的個人資訊，可能在另一服務中用於向您提供特定內容或向您展示與您相關的、而非普遍推送的資訊。如我們在相關服務之中提供了相應選項，您也可以主動要求我們將您在該服務所提供和儲存的個人資訊用於我們的其他服務。
針對某些特定服務的特定個人資訊保護聲明將更具體地說明我們在該等服務中如何使用您的資訊。
4. 如何訪問和控制您的資訊
我們將儘量採取適當的技術手段，保證您可以訪問、更新和更正您的註冊資訊或使用我們的服務時提供的其他個人資訊。在訪問、更新、更正和刪除您的個人資訊時，我們可能會要求您進行身份驗證，以保障您的帳戶安全。如您想查詢或修改您的個人資訊，你可以訪問 【http://login.dobest.cn/sdo/Login/LoginSDO.php】登錄您的帳戶。
我們鼓勵使用者更新和修改其個人資訊以使其有效。
請記住，無論何時您自願披露個人資訊， 此種資訊可能被他人收集及使用，因此造成您的個人資訊洩露，我們不承擔責任，如果您將個人資訊公佈在上述管道，您就有可能造成個人資訊洩露。因此，我們提醒並請您慎重考慮是否有必要在上述管道公開您的個人資訊。
5. 我們如何分享您的資訊
除以下情形外，未經您同意，我們不會與任何協力廠商分享您的個人資訊：
• 5.1我們可能將您的個人資訊與我們的合作夥伴及協力廠商服務供應商、承包商及代理（例如代表我們發出電子郵件或推送通知的通訊服務提供者、以及為我們提供位置資料的地圖服務供應商）分享（他們可能並非位於您所在法域），用作下列用途：
a)  向您提供我們的服務；
b)  實現“我們如何使用您的資訊”部分所述目的；
c)  履行我們在本《隱私政策》或我們與您達成的其他協議中的義務和行使我們的權利；
d)  理解、維護和改善我們的服務。
如我們與任何上述協力廠商分享您的個人資訊，我們將努力確保該等協力廠商在使用您的個人資訊時遵守本《隱私政策》及我們要求其遵守的其他適當的保密和安全措施。
隨著我們業務的持續發展，我們有可能進行合併、收購、資產轉讓或類似的交易，而您的個人資訊有可能作為此類交易的一部分而被轉移。
5.2我們還可能為以下原因需要保留、保存或披露您的個人資訊：
a)  您授權或同意我們披露的；
b)  遵守適用的法律法規；
c)  遵守法院命令或其他法律程式的規定；
d)  遵守相關政府機關的要求；
e)  我們認為為遵守適用的法律法規、維護社會公共利益、或保護我們或我們的集團公司、我們的客戶、其他使用者或雇員的人身和財產安全或合法權益或公共安全及利益所合理必需的；
f)  根據我們各服務條款及聲明中的相關規定，或者我們認為必要的其他情形下。
6. 我們如何保留、儲存和保護您的資訊
我們僅在本《隱私政策》所述目的所必需期間和法律法規要求的時限內保留您的個人資訊。我們使用各種安全技術和程式，以防資訊的丟失、不當使用、未經授權閱覽或披露。例如，在某些服務中，我們將利用加密技術（例如SSL）來保護您向我們提供的個人資訊。但請您諒解，由於技術的限制以及風險防範的局限，即便我們已經儘量加強安全措施，也無法始終保證資訊百分之百的安全。您需要瞭解，您接入我們的服務所用的系統和通訊網路，有可能因我們可控範圍外的情況而發生問題。
7. 有關共用資訊的提示
我們的多項服務可讓您不僅與您的網路遊戲、也與使用該服務的所有使用者公開分享您的相關資訊，例如，您在我們的服務中所上傳或發佈的資訊（包括您公開的個人資訊、您建立的名單）、您對其他人上傳或發佈的資訊做出的回應，以及包括與這些資訊有關的位置資料和日誌資訊。使用我們服務的其他使用者也有可能分享與您有關的資訊（包括位置資料和日誌資訊）。特別是我們的社交媒體服務，是專為使您可以與世界各地的使用者共用資訊而設計，從而使共用資訊可即時、廣泛的傳遞。只要您不刪除共用資訊，有關資訊便一直留存在公眾領域；即使您刪除共用資訊，有關資訊仍可能由其他使用者或不受我們控制的協力廠商獨立地緩存、複製或儲存，或由其他使用者或該等協力廠商在公眾領域保存。
因此，請您認真考慮您通過我們的服務上傳、發佈和交流的資訊內容。在一些情況下，您可通過我們某些服務的隱私設定來控制有權流覽您的共用資訊的使用者範圍。
我們的使用者可以選擇是否披露資訊。有些資訊是登記我們的服務所必需的，但大多數其他資訊的提供是由使用者決定的。我們將視用戶舒適度及自主選擇為首位。
8. COOKIES、日誌檔案和WEB BEACON
通過使用Cookies，我們向用戶提供簡單易行並富個性化的網路體驗。一個Cookies是少量的資料，它們從一個網路服務器送至您的流覽器並存在電腦硬碟上。我們使用Cookies是為了讓其用戶受益。比如，為使得我們的登錄過程更快捷，用戶們可以選擇把用戶名和口令存在一個Cookies中。這樣下次當使用者要登錄我們的服務時，只要點擊一鍵就可以了。Cookies能説明我們確定您連接的頁面和內容，您在我們特定網頁上花費的時間和您所選擇的我們的服務。
Cookies 還能告訴我們您在我們的網頁上看到了哪些廣告。總之，Cookies是放置在我們的電腦或伺服器上的您的身份證。Cookies只能被設置它們的伺服器閱讀，而且不能執行任何代碼或病毒。Cookies使得我們能更好、更快地為您服務，並且使您在我們網頁上的經歷更富個性化。然而，您應該能夠控制Cookies是否以及怎樣被你的流覽器接受。請查閱您的流覽器附帶的檔以獲得更多這方面的資訊。簡而言之，我們將Cookies當作一種便捷的體驗，其作用是使得用戶在從我們的一項服務轉到另一項服務時，無須再證明自己的身份。
我們和協力廠商合作夥伴可能通過cookies和web beacon收集和使用您的資訊，並將該等資訊儲存。
我們使用自己的cookies和web beacon，用於以下用途：
a)  記住您的身份。例如：cookies和web beacon有助於我們辨認您作為我們的註冊用戶的身份，或保存您向我們提供有關您的喜好或其他資訊；
b)  •分析您使用我們服務的情況。我們可利用cookies和web beacon來瞭解您使用我們的服務進行什麼活動、或哪些網頁或服務最受歡迎；
c)  •廣告優化。Cookies和web beacon有助於我們根據您的資訊，向您提供與您相關的廣告而非進行普遍的廣告投放。
d)  我們為上述目的使用cookies和web beacon的同時，可能將通過cookies和web beacon收集的非個人身份資訊匯總提供給廣告商和其他夥伴，用於分析您和其他使用者如何使用我們的服務並用於廣告服務。
我們的產品和服務上可能會有廣告商和其他合作方放置的cookies和web beacon。這些cookies和web beacon可能會收集與您相關的非個人身份資訊，以用於分析使用者如何使用該等服務、向您發送您可能感興趣的廣告，或用於評估廣告服務的效果。這些協力廠商cookies和web beacon收集和使用該等資訊不受本《隱私政策》約束，而是受到其自身的個人資訊保護聲明約束，我們不對協力廠商的cookies或web beacon承擔責任。
您可以通過流覽器或用戶選擇機制拒絕或管理cookies或web beacon。但請您注意，如果您停用cookies或web beacon，我們有可能無法為您提供最佳的服務體驗，某些服務也可能無法正常使用。同時，您仍然將收到同樣數量的廣告，只是這些廣告與您的相關性會降低。
9. 郵件和資訊推送
您使用我們服務時，我們可能使用您的資訊向您的設備發送電子郵件、短信或推送通知。如您不希望收到這些資訊，您可以按照我們向您發出的電子郵件所述指示，在設備上選擇取消訂閱。
10. 與服務有關的公告
10.1我們可能在必需時（例如當我們由於系統維護而暫停某一項服務時）發出與服務有關的公告。您可能無法取消這些與服務有關、性質不屬於推廣的公告。
10.2我們服務中的協力廠商服務
我們的服務可能包括或連結至協力廠商提供的社交媒體或其他服務（包括網站）。例如：
a)  您可利用 “分享”鍵將某些內容分享到我們的服務，或您可利用協力廠商連線服務登錄我們的服務。這些功能可能會收集您的資訊（包括您的日誌資訊），並可能在您的電腦裝置cookies，從而正常運行上述功能；
b)  我們通過廣告或我們服務的其他方式向您提供連結，使您可以接入協力廠商的服務或網站。
該等協力廠商社交媒體或其他服務由相關的協力廠商負責運營。您使用該等協力廠商的社交媒體服務或其他服務（包括您向該等協力廠商提供的任何個人資訊），須受協力廠商自己的服務條款及個人資訊保護聲明（而非本《隱私政策》）約束，您需要仔細閱讀其條款。本《隱私政策》僅適用於我們所收集的任何資訊，並不適用於任何協力廠商提供的服務或協力廠商的資訊使用規則，而我們對任何協力廠商使用由您提供的資訊不承擔任何責任。
11. 未成年人保護
我們建議：任何未成年人參加網上活動應事先取得家長或其法定監護人（以下簡稱"監護人"）的同意。我們將根據國家相關法律法規的規定保護未成年人的相關資訊。
我們鼓勵父母或監護人指導未滿十八歲的未成年人使用我們的服務。我們建議未成年人鼓勵他們的父母或監護人閱讀本《隱私政策》，並建議未成年人在提交個人資訊之前尋求父母或監護人的同意和指導。
12. 本《隱私政策》的適用範圍
除某些特定服務外，我們所有的服務均適用本《隱私政策》。這些特定服務將適用特定的個人資訊保護聲明。該特定服務的個人資訊保護聲明構成本《隱私政策》的一部分。如任何特定服務的個人資訊保護聲明與本《隱私政策》有不一致之處，則適用特定服務的個人資訊保護聲明。
除本《隱私政策》另有規定外，本《隱私政策》所用詞語將與我們制定的其他公開條款所定義的詞語具有相同的涵義。
13.特別提示：
最後，您是唯一對您的帳號和密碼資訊負有保密責任的人。任何情況下，請小心妥善保管。
プライバシーポリシー
前書き
YOKA　GAMES（私たち）は非常にユーザーのプライバシーを重視している。よって、本「プライバシーポリシー」を制定した。本政策ではユーザーのプライバシーをどうやって収集、使用、披露、シェア、及び保存をしているのかを記載した。ユーザーは私たちのサービスを使用すると同時に、あなたの情報を収集及び使用する場合がある。私たちは本「プライバシーポリシー」を通して、私たちのサービス使用時に、情報の収集、使用、保存、シェア、及びあなたに提供するアクセス、更新、コントロール、保護の仕方を理解していただきたい。
本「プライバシーポリシー」はユーザーと私たちとの連携時、または登録及び私たちのサービス使用時に適用する。本「プライバシーポリシー」と他の協定及びその他規定された状況にだけしかユーザーの個人情報と資料を公開したりしない。定期的にプライバシーについての管理をチェックしたりする。よって、管理の仕方も随時更新することになる。注意してください。私たちの最新プライバシーポリシーを理解していただくには、定期的にホームページ【https://m.sanguosha.com/】の閲覧をお願いいたします。本ポリシーを閲覧後、もし本「プライバシーポリシー」に関する問題がある場合は私たちに連絡してください。
私たちのサービスを使用、もしくは継続使用している場合は、本「プライバシーポリシー」についての個人情報収集、使用、保存、シェアの仕方に同意したとみなす。
1、私たちが収集した個人情報：
サービスの提供時に、あなたに関する以下の情報を収集、保存及び使用する場合がある。情報を提供しない場合は、アカウント登録ができない、もしくは私たちが提供しているサービスを受けられない、或いは受けたサービスの質が違ってくる可能性がある
      1.1直接提供するもしくは私たちが自動収集した個人情報
・　アカウント登録或いはサービスの使用時に提供していただく個人情報、例えば名前、身分証明書番号、電話番号、住所、メールアドレス、銀行カードナンバーなど；
・　私たちのサービスを通して、他にシェアした情報、及び私たちのサービス使用時に保存した情報。
1.2第三者からあなたの個人情報を採集する場合がある
・　第三者のサービスから私たちの製品に登録することができる。（例えばウィーチャット、QQ）関連法律と規定を厳守する前提の元にあなたが第三者のサービスで提供したすべての情報を読み取りできるように、許可してください。私たちが要求する、但し第三者では提供できない個人情報はあなたに追加提供していただく必要がある。
2、あなたの情報を採集
あなたがサービス使用時に以下の情報を収集する可能性がある：
2.1ログデータ、私たちのサービス使用時に、システムはcookies、web beacon或いは他の方法で以下の情報を自動採集する：
a)  設備またはソフト情報、例えばあなたの移動設備、インターネットエクスプローラー、或いは私たちのサービスを受け入れる他のプログラムが提供する配置情報、あなたのIPアドレスと移動設備に使用しているバージョンと設備認証コード；
b)  私たちのサービス使用時に検索したページ或いは閲覧した情報、例えばあなたがネットを使って言葉の検索、アクセスしたSNSのURLアドレス、及び私たちのサービス使用時の閲覧もしくは提供した他の情報と内容詳細；
c)  あなたが昔使用したアプリとその他のソフト情報、及びあなたが昔使用した該当アプリとソフトの情報；
d)  私たちのサービスを通して連絡した時の情報、例えば昔連絡したアカウント、及び連絡時間、データと分数；
e)  私たちのサービスを通してシェアした内容に含まれている情報（元データ）、例えば撮影或いはアップした写真と動画の日にち、時間及び場所など。
2.2位置情報、位置情報を起動し、さらに私たちが位置情報の提供したサービスを使用した時に、収集したあなたの位置情報を指す。例えば：
a)  位置情報の提供ができる設備で私たちのサービスを使用した時に、GPSもしくはWi-Fiなどの方法であなたの位置情報を収集する；
b)  あなたもしくは他のユーザーが提供したあなたの位置情報を含んだリアルタイム情報、例えばあなたが提供したアカウント情報の所在地区情報、あなたもしくは他のユーザーがシェアしたあなたの今或いは昔の所在位置情報、あなたもしくは他のユーザーがシェアした写真に含んだ位置情報；
c)  位置情報をオフすることで、あなたに対する位置情報を収集することを止めることができる。
3、どうやってあなたの情報を使用するのか
あなたにサービスを提供する際に収集した個人情報を以下のように使用する：
3.1あなたにサービスを提供する；
・　サービス提供時に、身分認証、ユーザーサービス、安全防犯、詐欺監視、保存とバックアップに使う。あなたに提供する製品とサービスの安全性を確保するために；
3.2新しいサービスを設計する際に手助けしていただける。現有のサービスを改善する；
・　あなたがどうやって接続したり、私たちのサービスを受けたりしているのをより理解することによって、正確にあなたに個性化サービスを提供する。例えば言語設定、位置設定、個性化ヘルプサービスと指示、或いはあなたもしくは他のユーザーに対する返事；
・　3.3普通の広告よりもあなたにもっと相応しい広告を提供する；私たちの広告と他の販売活動の効果に対する評価をいただき、改善を加える；
・　3.4ソフト認証或いは管理ソフトのアップデート；
・　3.5私たちの製品とサービスのアンケート調査に参加していただく；
3.6あなたに私たちが提供する福袋や他の製品を郵送する（もしあれば）。
私たちのユーザーがさらにいい体験ができるように、私たちのサービスを改善し、或いはあなたが同意した他の用途の改善、関連法律に厳守する前提で、ある一つのサービスで収集した個人情報を他のサービスに使用する場合がある。例えば、私たちのあるサービスを使用する際に収集したあなたの個人情報が、もしかしたら他のサービスで使われる場合がある。それは一般的サービスではなく、あなたに特定したあなたに相応しい情報を提供するためだ。もし、私たちが関連サービスで関連選択を提供した場合、あなたからも私たちに該当サービス場で提供した個人情報を他のサービスに使うと要求できる。
ある特定サービスの特定プライバシーポリシーについて、さらに私たちはどうやってあなたの個人情報を使用しているのかを具体的に説明する。
4、どうやってあなたの情報にアクセスとコントロールをするのか
私たちはなるべく適切な技術手段を使い、あなたが自分のアカウント情報のアクセス、更新、訂正ができるように、或いは私たちのサービスで提供した他の個人情報を使用できるようにする。あなたのアカウント安全を確保するために、個人情報のアクセス、更新、訂正、及び削除する際に、あなたの身分認証を行う場合がある。個人情報のアクセスもしくは訂正する際に、こちらを訪問し【http://login.dobest.cn/sdo/Login/LoginSDO.php】自分のアカウントにログインすることができる。
ユーザーに個人情報の随時更新と訂正することをお勧めする。
注意：どんな時でも、自主的に個人情報をネットにさらすことは、他人に収集及び使用する許可を与えると同然。これで自分の個人情報漏洩があったとしても、私たちは一切責任を負わないこと。上述のルートで個人情報を公開した以上、個人情報漏洩する可能性があることを正しく認識してください。よって、本当に上述のルートで個人情報を公開するかどうかを慎重に考えてから行動してください。
5、どうやってあなたの情報をシェアするのか
以下の状況を除く、あなたの同意を得てない以上、私たちは決して第三者にあなたの個人情報を提供することがない：
・　5.1あなたの個人情報を私たちのパートナーまたは第三者サービス業者、サブコン及び代理（例えば、私たちの代わりに電子メールとおすすめ通知などを送る通信サービス業者、及び私たちに位置情報データを提供してくれる地図サービス業者）にシェアすることがある（彼らはあなたの所在法域ではない可能性がある）。以下の用途に使用する：
a)  あなたに私たちのサービスで提供する；
b)  「どうやってあなたの情報を使用するのか」部分で述べた目的を果たす；
c)  本「プライバシーポリシー」或いはあなたとの他の契約の義務を果たす、そして私たちの権利を行使する；
d)  私たちのサービスを理解、維持及び改善；
私たちは第三者にあなたの個人情報をシェアする際に、第三者にも本「プライバシーポリシー」を基づいて、あなたの個人情報を使用するように努力する。もしくは私たちが要求した他の適切な保守義務を遵守するようにしてもらう。
私たちの業務の継続発展のため、合併、買収、資金移動或いはこのような取引をする場合がある。それに伴って、あなたの個人情報も移動することがある。
5.2また、以下の原因であなたの個人情報を保留、保存、もしくは公開することがある：
a)  あなたの許可を得てからの公開；
b)  関連法律法規に遵守している；
c)  裁判所命令或いは他のデュー・プロセスに遵守した場合；
d)  関連政府機関の要求に基づく；
e)  関連法律法規に従う場合、社会公共利益を守る場合、私たちの会社を守る場合、私たちの取引先、他のユーザー、従業員の人身もしくは財産安全、或いは私たちが想定するあらゆる合理的な理由があった場合；
f)  私たちのサービス条例及び声明の中の関連規定を基づく場合、或いは私たちが必要であると認識した場合。
6、あなたの情報をどうやって保留、保存するのか
本「プライバシーポリシー」に限った必要期間、法律法規で定められた期間にだけあなたの個人情報を保留する。様々な安全技術とプログラムを使用し、個人情報の紛失、不正使用、許可なし閲覧、シェアするのを防ぐ。例えば、一部のサービスで、パスワードを利用し（例えばSSL）あなたの個人情報を守る。しかし、技術の制限とリスト防犯のため、たとえいくら努力して安全を守ろうとしても、百パーセント情報の安全を保証できないことをご了承ください。あなたが私たちのサービスに接続するシステムと通信環境が私たちのコントロール範囲外の原因で問題が発生することがあるのもご理解していただきたい。
7、　シェア情報の提示に関して
私たちの多項目のサービスによって、あなたの個人情報はネットゲームに、そしてこのサービスを利用するすべてのユーザーにシェアすることができる。例えば、私たちのサービスでアップそして公開した情報（あなたが公開している個人情報とあなたが作った名前リストを含む）、あなたが他の人がアップした内容に対するコメントや返信、及びこれらに関連する位置情報やログデータ。私たちのサービスを使用する他のユーザーもあなたに関する情報をシェアする可能性がある（位置情報とログデータを含む）。
特に私たちの社交メディアサービス、あなたと世界各地のユーザーと情報のシェアするために設計されたもの。これによって情報をリアルタイムにシェアすることができ、広く伝わることができる。あなたがシェア情報を削除しない限り、関連情報はずっと公共領域に留まることになる；たとえシェア情報を削除したとしても、他のユーザー或いは私たちがコントロールできない第三者によって、独自にキャッシュ、コピー、保存されることがある。
よって、私たちのサービスを通してアップ、公開する情報内容を慎重に考えた上行ってください。一部の状況の元で、私たちのプライベート設定サービスによって、あなたのシェア内容を閲覧できるユーザー範囲を設定することでコントロールすることができる。
      私たちのユーザーは情報の公開を選択することができる。一部の情報は登録するための必須項目であり、しかし大半の情報提供はユーザー自身で決めることである。私たちユーザー満足度と自主選択を第一に考える。
8、COOKIES、ログデータ和WEB BEACON
Cookiesの使用を通して、私たちはユーザーに簡易的かつ個性的なネット体験を提供する。一つのCookiesは少量データである。彼らは一つのネットサーバーからあなたのエクスプローラーに送り、そしてパソコンのハードディスクに保存される。私たちがCookiesを使用しているのはユーザーの利益のためである。例えば、私たちのログインをさらに迅速にするため、ユーザーはIDとパスワードを一つのCookiesに保存することができる。こうすることによって、ワンクリックでログインすることができる。Cookiesはあなたの接続ページの内容を確定するのを助けてくれる。あなたが私たちの特定ページに使った時間と選択したサービス。
Cookiesはさらにあなたが私たちのページでどんな広告を見たのかを教えてくれる。とにかく、Cookiesは私たちのコンピューター或いはサーバー上に置けるあなたの身分証である。Cookiesは彼らを設置したサーバーにだけ読み取られる、そしていかなるコードやウイルスでも執行することができない。Cookiesで私たちはさらにあなたにスピーディーかつ快適なサービスを提供できる。そして私たちのページでさらに個性化サービスを受けてもらう。しかし、Cookiesはどうやってあなたのエクスプローラーに受け入れられるかあなたはコントロールできるはず。あなたのエクスプローラーの付属ファイルを調べることによってこのような情報をもっと獲得できるようにする。簡単に言うと、Cookiesを一種の便利体験とする。その役割はユーザーが私たちの一つのサービスから他のサービスに移る時、再び自分の身分を示す必要がなくなることだ。
私たちは第三者パートナーとcookiesとweb beaconを使ってあなたの情報を収集使用することがあるかもしれない。そして該当情報を保存する。
私たちは自分のcookiesとweb beaconを使用し、以下の用途に使用する：
a)  あなたの身分を覚える。例えば：cookiesとweb beaconによって、私たちはよりユーザーのことが認識でき、或いはあなたが私たちに提供した趣味や他の情報を保存する；
b)  ・私たちのサービスの使用状況を分析する。cookiesとweb beaconを通して、あなたは私たちのサービスでどんなイベントを行っているのか、或いはどんなページやサービスの方が人気なのかをさらに詳しく知ることができる；
c)  ・広告最適化。Cookiesとweb beaconによって、あなたに一般的広告ではなく、特定したあなたに関連する広告を提供する。
d)  以上の目的を果たすためにcookiesとweb beaconを使用すると当時に、私たちも広告サービスを分析するために、cookiesとweb beaconを通じて収集した非個人情報を広告サービス業者や他のパートナー会社にシェアする場合がある。
私たちの製品とサービス上では、広告サービス業者とその他のパートナー会社が設置したcookiesとweb beaconがあるかもしれない。こういったcookiesとweb beaconはあなたに関する非個人情報を収集し、ユーザーはどうやって該当サービスを利用しているのかを分析する。そして、あなたが興味を示すだろうと判断した広告を送り、或いは広告サービスの評価に使う。こういった第三者cookiesとweb beaconが収集した情報は本「プライバシーポリシー」に適用しない。但し、それら自身のプライバシーポリシーに従う。私たちは第三者のcookiesとweb beaconに責任を負わない。
エクスプローラー或いは設定を通して、cookiesとweb beaconの拒否もしくは管理ができる。しかし、cookiesとweb beaconを停止すると、あなたに最善を尽くしたサービスを提供することができなくなり、様々なサービスが利用できなくなる可能性があるということにご注意ください。同時に、あなたは相変わらず同等数量の広告を受信することになる。但し、これらの広告はあなたとの関連性が低くなる。
9、メールと情報のプッシュ
私たちのサービス使用時に、あなたの情報の元で、あなたの設備に電子メールや通知などをプッシュする場合がある。もしこういった情報が必要でなければ、電子メールに記載したやり方を沿って、取消することができる。
10、　サービスに関する広告
10.1必要な時に、（例えばメンテナンスで停止したサービス）サービスに関する通知を流す場合がある。こういったサービスに関する通知を取り消すことができないかもしれない。
10.2私たちのサービスにおける第三者のサービス
私たちのサービスは第三者が提供するSNS或いは他のサービスに（サイトも含む）繋ぐURLも含む場合がある。例えば：
a)  あなたは「シェア」ボタンを利用し、情報を私たちのサービスにシェアすることができる。或いは第三者のサービスから私たちのサービスにログインすることができる。以上の機能を正常運行するために、こういった機能があなたの情報を収集し（ログデータを含む）、あなたのパソコンにcookiesをインストールする場合がある；
b)  あなたに第三者のサービスやサイトに入ることができるように、私たちは広告や他のサービスを通して、あなたにURLを提供する。
該当第三者メディア、或いは他のサービスは関連する第三者が責任をもって運営する。第三者メディア或いは他のサービスを利用する際（該当第三者に提供するすべての個人情報も含む）、第三者自身のサービス契約やプライバシーポリシー（本「プライバシーポリシー」ではない）に遵守することになるので、詳細をお読みになってからサービスを利用してください。本「プライバシーポリシー」は私たちが収集した情報にだけ適用する。第三者が提供するサービス、或いは第三者の情報使用ルールに適用しない。私たちは第三者が使用するあなたが提供した情報に一切責任を負わない。
11、未成年者保護
すべての未成年者がネット上のイベントを参加する際はその両親や法定監護人（以下は監護人と呼ぶ）の同意の元で行うようにお願いいたします。私たちは国の関連法律法規を遵守し、未成年者の関連情報を保護する。
未成年者が私たちのサービス使用時に、両親や監護人の指導の元で行うことに賛同する。未成年者の両親や監護人が本「プライバシーポリシー」を閲覧し、未成年者が個人情報を提供する前に両親や監護人の同意と指導を受けることをお勧めする。
12、本「プライバシーポリシー」の適用範囲
一部の特定サービス以外、私たちのすべてのサービスが本「プライバシーポリシー」に適用する。こういった特定サービスは特定プライバシーポリシーに適用する。該当特定サービスのプライバシーポリシーは本「プライバシーポリシー」の一部分を構築している。すべての特定サービスの特定プライバシーポリシーと本「プライバシーポリシー」が不一致する場合は、特定プライバシーポリシーに遵守する。
本「プライバシーポリシー」独自の規定以外を除き、本「プライバシーポリシー」に使用したすべての言葉は私たちが制定する他の規約に定める言葉と同じ意味を示す。
13、注意書き
あなたは唯一あなたのアカウントとパスワードの保守義務がある人。どんな状況でも、細心の注意を払って保管してください。
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy informs you of your choices and our practices regarding any personal information you provide to us. Your use of the mobile game (“Game”) distributed by PLAY BEST PTE. LTD. ( “we”,“us”or “our”) involves the collection and use of your personal information. It is important for you to understand how this happens and how you may control it.
When you contract to use the Game (the “Game Services” or “Services”), you accept our rules and policies regarding your personal information and you expressly consent to us collecting, processing, using and storing your personal information, as described in this policy.
You acknowledge that you have read and understood this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you must not use the Game Services. If you change your mind in the future, you may withdraw your consent to use of your personal information in accordance with this policy.
1. The Types of Personal Information We Collect and Use
This section describes the different types of personal information we collect and how we collect it.
We will collect and use the following information about you:
1.1 Information you give us. You give us information about you:
1.1.1 When you register for the Game (including your nominated nickname, and information we import from your connected social media account,e.g. Facebook, Twitter or Apple sign-in account) in order to set up your profile, including your name as it appears on your social media profile and your profile picture;
1.1.2 When you set up your profile for the Game (including information you voluntarily elect to provide in order to customize gameplay, such as gender);
1.1.3 when you submit your contact details to us (including your name, email address and physical address) as part of promotional activities for the Game; and
1.1.4 When you make purchases in the Game (in which case we will process the information you provide to us to facilitate the payment);
1.1.5 When you want to see the regional leaderboards (in this case, we will use your geo-location information);
1.1.6 When you want to use features such as voice chat interaction (including microphone permissions on your mobile device).
1.2 Information we collect about you.
We automatically collect certain data from you when you use the Game，including your IP address, physical location and device information (such as device type, network data, OS) and information regarding your use of the Game, such as date and time stamps of actions. We also collect and store your data each time you interact with us, for example, when you use in-app support to communicate with us.
1.3 Information you generate and display in the course of using the Game Services.
You may provide additional information as part of your profile (such as gender). You may also provide or generate information when you communicate with other users in the Game (e.g., chat log data, chat content).
2. Cookies
2.1 We use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, log files, scripts and eTags) (“Cookies”) to enhance your experience using the Services. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable us to provide certain features and functionality.
2.2 You have the option to permit installation of such Cookies or subsequently disable them. You may accept all cookies, or instruct the device (in the case of the Game) or web browser (in the case of the Community Website) to provide notice at the time of installation of cookies, or refuse to accept all cookies by adjusting the relevant cookie retention function in your device. However, in the event of your refusal to install cookies, the Game may be unable to operate as designed.
3. How We Use Your Personal Information
We will use the information in the following ways and in accordance with the following legal bases:
3.1 Registration Information (ID on social media accounts like Facebook, Twitter, Game Center, Google Play, Apple (collectively, “Social ID”), Open ID, nick name, email address, avatar): We use Registration Information to set-up your accounts, allow you to log-in to the Game and provide Services to you. We use this information with your consent to this Privacy Policy.
3.2 Device Information (Device ID, Device Type, Operating System, CPU, RAM, IP address, MAC address): We use this information to provide and improve the Game Services such as: to allow you to download and install the Game on their devices; to record and keep track of requests from you of the Game; to detect your network and device status when you is playing the Game; and to correct bugs or errors that occur when you are playing the Game. Use of Device Information is necessary to provide the Game.
3.3 Contact Information (Name, Email, Address, Phone Number, and Instant Messaging Account): We use this information to send notifications to you to inform you of our promotional activities and any rewards you are entitled to. We use this information with your consent to this Privacy Policy.
3.4 Physical Location: We use this information to provide some Location Based Services such as forming a team with people nearby and seeing regional leaderboards. We use this information with your consent to this Privacy Policy.
3.5 Social ID: We use this information to share certain content on social media. We use this information with your consent to this Privacy Policy.
3.6 User Profile (gender, age, photo and etc.): We use this information to provide customized Services to you such as personal information page. We use this information with your consent to this Privacy Policy.
3.7 Game Data (Level, Heroes, Score, chat log and etc.): We use this information to provide Services to you as it is the basis of our Game. Use of Game Data is necessary to provide the Game.
4. How We Store Your Personal Information
4.1 Information storage mode
We will store your information in a secure way, including local storage (such as game caching), databases, and server logs.
4.2 Where information is stored
We store your personal information collected on our servers in Hong Kong.
4.3 Duration of information storage
In general, we store your personal information only for such period of time as may be necessary for the purpose of the service or under such conditions as may be required by laws and regulations. We promise that your personal information will always be stored for a reasonable and necessary period of time. For the expired personal information, we will immediately delete or do anonymous processing.
5. How do we share, transfer and disclose your personal information
5.1 Share with trusted authorized partners.
5.1.1 Authorized partners of advertising and analysis Services. We will not share your personally identifiable information (such as your name or email address, through which you can be contacted or identified) with partners providing advertising and analytics Services unless we have your consent. We provide these partners with information about the coverage and effectiveness of their ads without providing personally identifiable information about you, or we aggregate that information so that it does not identify you personally.
5.1.2 Suppliers, service providers, and other partners. We send the information to support our business in the global scope of the suppliers, service providers and other partners, including but not limited to provide these information supporting technology infrastructure Services, analysis of the use of our service, to measure the effectiveness of advertisement and Services, to provide convenient customer service, payment or academic research and investigation.
5.2 We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual without your express consent.
In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition or liquidation, the transfer of personal information may be involved, in which case we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization again.
5.3 Public disclosure
We will not publicly disclose your personal information unless we obtain your express consent. In addition, we may disclose your personal information to competent authorities on the basis of laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or mandatory requirements of government authorities. However, we guarantee that in the event of such occurrence, we will verify the authenticity of the disclosure requester and the disclosure request, and if necessary, require the disclosure requester to issue corresponding valid legal documents and take security measures in accordance with legal and industry standards for the disclosed information.
6. The Security of Your Personal Information
6.1 We are committed to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your personal information no matter where it is stored. We have information security and access policies that limit access to our systems and technology. We also protect data through the use of technological protection measures such as encryption. Your personal information will remain subject to our technical and organizational controls and our policies and procedures (including this Privacy Policy).
6.2 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the information transmitted to our Services; any transmission of your information is at your own risk.
Please use complex password to help us ensure the security of your Game account. We will do our best to ensure the security of your personal information that you send to us. If our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will take appropriate remedial measures.
We will update and make public security risk, personal information security impact assessment report and other relevant contents from time to time, which can be obtained by https://www.facebook.com/Game-of-HeroesThree-Kingdoms-118470006225407/?business_id=191378438346755.
In the event of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will inform you according to the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have ta-ken or will take to deal with it, the Suggestions you can take to prevent and reduce risks, the remedial measures for you, etc. We will inform you of relevant information by email, letter, phone call, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to release an announcement.
7. Your Rights
7.1 Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
7.2 Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications. For personalized in-game offers opt-out, you can use the options provided in the game settings.
7.3 inquire, correct and supplement your information
You have the right to inquire, correct or supplement your information. You can do this by yourself in the following ways:【playbestsg@gmail.com】.
7.4 Delete your information
You may delete part of your information in the way listed in “7.3 query, correct and supplement your information”.
You may request removal of personal information from us in the following situations:
7.4.1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulation;
7.4.2. If we collect and use your personal information without your express consent;
7.4.3. If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
7.4.4. If you no longer use our products or Services, or you take the initiative to cancel your account;
If we decide to respond to your removal request, we will also notify, as far as possible, the subjects who received your personal information from us and request that it be removed in a timely manner (unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or if such subjects have independently obtained your authorization)
When you or we assist you in removing the information, we may not be able to immediately remove the information from the backup system due to applicable laws and security techniques, and we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until the backup can be erased or anonymous.
7.5 Change the scope of your authorization
Each business function requires some basic personal information to complete.In addition,you can give or take back your authorization consent by setting or contacting customer service in【playbestsg@gmail.com】 or changing the Settings of your smart mobile device.
When you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the appropriate personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the processing of personal information previously carried out on the basis of your authorization.
7.6 Cancel your account
You can apply for cancellation of your account by the following means: 【playbestsg@gmail.com】. After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will stop providing Services for you, delete your personal information as required by applicable law, or make it anonymous.
7.7 In response to your request
For the above to security, you may need to provide a written request, or otherwise we may ask you to prove your identity to verify their identity, and then we will process your request within 15 days to respond, if you are not satisfied, you can also lodge a complaint by 【playbestsg@gmail.com】.
We do not charge a fee for your reasonable request in principle, but we will charge a fee for requests that are repeated more than once and beyond reasonable limits. We may reject information that is not directly related to your identity, unwarranted duplication of information, or requests that require too much technology (for example, the need to develop a new system or radically change existing practices), that pose a risk to the legitimate interests of others, or that are unrealistic.
7.8 Under the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request as required by laws and regulations:
(a) National security;
(b) Defence;
(c) Public safety;
(d) Prevention of criminal offences, investigation, investigation, prosecution or enforcement of criminal penalties, including prevention and prevention of threats to public security;
(e) Other important objectives of the general public interest of the union or of a member state, in particular the important economic or financial interests of the union or member state, including matters of currency, budget and taxation, public health and social security;
(f) Independence of the judiciary and protection of judicial procedures;
(g) Prevention, investigation, investigation and prosecution of breaches of professional ethics;
(h) Supervisory, inspection or related regulatory functions and even the occasional exercise of official authority in cases involving subparagraphs (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) and (g).
(I) Protection of the rights and freedoms of the data subject or other person.
(j) Enforcement of compensation in civil proceedings.
8. Minors
If you are a minor and under the age of 13, you are not allowed to use our Services .
9. Changes
If we make any material changes to this policy, we will post the updated policy here and notify you. Please check this page frequently to see any updates or changes to this policy.
10. Other
This privacy policy is part of the User Agreement of the game. For other matters not covered herein, the User Agreement shall prevail.