Days Since Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 2, 2024
Overview
We take your privacy very seriously. Days Since app does not collect any personal data. All information that you input into the Days Since app remains privately stored on your device.
Crash reporting & Analytics
Days since uses
Sentry
for crash reporting. This helps us to identify crashes and stability issues and why they're caused (e.g., an edge case on iPhone SE), which greatly speeds up and eases the ability to fix them.
The app also uses a self-hosted instance of analytics tool called Countly which is open-source and you can find its source code
here
. Countly’s analytics capabilities are used within the app to better understand which features are being used - e.g., how many counters users have on average, how many users use Dark Mode, etc. This allows us to better make development decisions and choose where to focus development effort. The information collected is anonymous. Days Since app does not share, sell or rent your data, and the anonymous information is only collected to help make the app better. If you don't agree with this data collection, there's an option in the
Settings
tab called
Crash Reporting & Analytics
to completely turn it off.
Payment Data and Purchase History
The App uses
RevenueCat
to manage trial versions and paid subscriptions. RevenueCat's Privacy Policy can be found
here
.
Your Consent
By using the Days Since app, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions, you can contact us at
contact [at] dayssinceapp [dot] com
If you contact us through this email, we will see your name and email address. Your information is only to assist us in providing customer support to you and won’t be added to a mailing list or sold to a third-party company. If you wish, you may email us to remove your name and email address from our inbox.