Contents
1. Our Privacy Policy
2. The data we collect
3. What do we use the data for?
4. How long do we keep the data?
5. How do we handle your data rights at Star Stable?
5.1 Can I correct the information you have about me?
5.2 Can I withdraw my consent and restrict data processing of my personal data?
5.3 Can I request information or ask for my personal data to be deleted?
5.4 Can I move my data
6. Community or social features we offer and how we keep these areas safe.
7. With whom do we share your information?
8. How do we keep your information secure?
9. Information collected from children
10. How can you Contact us with Privacy Questions or Concerns?
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 11, 2024
Star Stable is an online horse game for players of all ages all over the world, where they can dive into the joys of riding and adventure. Star Stable Online is a product owned and developed by Star Stable Entertainment AB in Stockholm, Sweden.
This privacy policy applies to the online game and interactions contained in Star Stable Online available at
https://www.starstable.com
and the mobile app version of Star Stable Online. The policy also applies to any services provided by Star Stable relating to the game, including Star Stable websites, web shop, and mobile apps Star Stable Friends and Star Stable Horses. This privacy policy does not apply to third party companies or to sites which may link, or redirect, to Star Stable Entertainment AB sites or products.
Our privacy policy may change and be updated from time to time. If the change significantly affects registered users, we will send a notice to you or to your parent or legal guardian by e-mail and, where required, obtain your prior consent or the prior consent of your parent or legal guardian.
1. Our Privacy Policy
Your personal data is data that identifies you as an individual and Star Stable appreciates that you rely on us to keep it safe. We constantly strive to earn the trust of our players and parents or legal guardians. You have control over your data and can manage how it is used in accordance with section 5 below.
2. The data we collect
We require users to register an account to play Star Stable Online. Star Stable will not collect more personal data than is reasonably required to provide a technically stable and safe online game experience.
When you register for an account and play the game, Star Stable will collect the following data:
Player email address
Parent email address where applicable
Purchase data/history
Customer ID and data, such as user name and date of birth
Account data, such as in-game data, game progress, achievements, time spent playing and in-game communications
IP address and log in details
Technical information about your device, including device identifiers and cookie data
When you make a purchase in the web shop, Star Stable will collect the following data:
Name
Contact details and delivery address
Order information and purchase data
Technical information about your device, including device identifiers and cookie data
When you make a purchase in the web shop, Star Stable will collect the following data:
Name
Contact details and delivery address
Order information and purchase data
Technical information about your device, including device identifiers and cookie data
3. What do we use the data for?
The reason Star Stable store player’s personal data is:
So that we can create your unique account profile and use and share your account details amongst the various Star Stable products and services.
To identify which country you are in, so that we know which laws and regulations apply to you.
To identify the consent age in your area, so that we can help you to get parental/ legal guardian approval if needed.
To make sure that you get the right version of the game for your country.
So that you can get access to the site and game, in order to progress and get the best possible game experience.
So that we can communicate with you about your account.
So that we can send you news via e-mail, if you have opted for this.
For us to reach you regarding marketing offers via e-mail if you have opted for this, or your parent opted-in on your behalf.
To help us troubleshoot crashes and improve the functionality of the game and our products and services, as well as to personalize your game experience, save your preferences, authenticate our users, and provide similar user-experience features.
To help us detect and prevent misuse or fraud, keep our games fair for all users, and otherwise protect and defend our users, products and services.
So that we can measure and analyse how our products and services are used for statistical and analytical purposes and for serving, attributing, and otherwise analysing the effectiveness of our ads.
For password maintenance.
The reason we store personal data for you as a parent or legal guardian:
To set up your payment method when you start a membership.
To allow future payments processes.
To maintain your consent history.
To store your billing address for future payments.
To store your email address so that we can communicate with you about your child’s account.
For us to reach you regarding marketing offers, if you have opted for this.
The reason we process personal data when you make a purchase in the web shop:
To fulfil the contract and administer the delivery and sale of the products in the web shop.
To comply with legal obligations regarding e.g. accounting and tax.
To help us detect and prevent misuse or fraud and improve the functionality of our products and services.
Actual credit card or payment data is not stored by Star Stable but by our international-hosted payment providers. To be able to store information of this nature, we only use regulated providers who provide high level of security.
We use cookies and similar technologies in order to (i) provide and maintain the functionality of our services, (ii) measure and analyse how our services are used, and (iii) serve ads and help us measure their effectiveness. You can find additional information on such use in our Cookie Policy and we may give you the option to accept or reject our use of certain cookies and similar technologies. You can read our
Cookie Policy here.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the lawful bases we rely on for processing your information are:
a) We need the information for the performance of the contract with you, including to provide our products and services:
b) We need the information for compliance with a legal obligation;
c) Your consent, where we have asked for and obtained such consent from you. You are able to remove your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting privacy@starstable.com
d) We have a legitimate interest to process the information for business purposes described above and provided that our interest is not overridden by your right to privacy and protection of your personal data.
4. How long do we keep the data?
The data we collect is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that Star Stable suspend or remove the data.
5. How do we handle your data rights at Star Stable?
You have rights over your data and can action them as outlined below
5.1 Can I correct the information you have about me?
In case you would notice that we have the incorrect information about you, you can update and correct some information under “My Account”. If you find that you do not have the possibility to update the data you want please contact our Customer Support Team at privacy@starstable.com.
5.2 Can I withdraw my consent and restrict data processing of my personal data?
If you decide that you no longer want to have an account with us you can always send a request to our Customer Support Team at privacy@starstable.com.
As a registered player you can at any time withdraw the consent you have given to receive email newsletters and offers by using “My Account” and you can also request that we restrict the processing of your personal data by sending a request to our Customer Support Team at privacy@starstable.com.
We will handle most requests for consent removal, data update or removal or request for information within 30 days.
5.3 Can I request information or ask for my personal data to be deleted?
As a registered player you can request for your data to be deleted.
As a registered parent or legal guardian, you can request that your or your child’s data is deleted. You can also request that your payment methods are deleted. You can request the deletion of data by sending a request to our Customer Support Team at privacy@starstable.com.
For safety purposes we securely store and archive old data. This is so it can be used to investigate any complaints or violations of our terms and conditions, or on the off-chance that it has been requested by law enforcement agencies or data protection authorities.
Please contact privacy@starstable.com (see section 9 below for full contact details) if you have any additional requirements on obtaining more information about your personal data.
5.4 Can I move my data
Star Stable is considered to be a Data Controller under the GDPR. As part of the law you should be able to move or port out your data to another Data Controller where applicable. For Star Stable this is only applicable to the private persons requesting the data since the products and services cannot be transferred to another Company.
6. Community or social features we offer and how we keep these areas safe.
Star Stable Online offers in-game chat and mail for our users. It is extremely important for us at Star Stable to ensure a pleasant and safe environment for our players.
To achieve our goal to create a positive environment while safeguarding children's personal information, communication between players is monitored by automated tools in order to detect potentially harmful behaviour and to protect our players.
All in-game communications are filtered and analysed for appropriate behaviour using technology provided by Utopia Analytics. All chat and mails are stored securely for up to twelve months for investigation purposes (such as a complaint, indications for harmful behaviour or a legitimate request for information from a law enforcement agency).
In case you should observe unwanted behaviour or illegal content, you can contact us using the report-a-player functionality in the game or using our
web-form
at any time. The legal basis for monitoring and storing the chats are our aforementioned legitimate interests (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
You may have a right to object against the monitoring of chats for reasons relating to your particular situation. Please contact us if you think that this is the case.
This is currently the only automated decision making at Star Stable.
7. With whom do we share your information?
We may make personal and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with third party service providers who help us operate our website, online services and mobile apps, such as payment processors, service partners, advertising partners and data processors, for a list of these third party service providers please visit
https://www.starstable.com/service-providers
,  (2) with your express consent (or the prior consent of a parent or legal guardian), (3) when we believe it to be required by law or when we co-operate with the police or other authorities, (4) when we believe that it is necessary to protect our rights, users or property, or (5) to any potential successor or purchaser in a merger, change of control,  acquisition, liquidation, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution or sale of assets, or transition of service to a new provider, as permitted by law and/or contract.
8. How do we keep your information secure?
At Star Stable we respect the information you entrust to us and take pride in protecting it from unauthorized access or disclosure. Therefore, we have updated both administrative routines, work constantly with training our staff in data privacy protection, and are constantly updating and improving our electronic solutions to keep your data safe. This includes utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts all the personal information you give us, and storing your information behind a firewall designed to block access from outside our network. However, although we always do our utmost to protect your data, no security or encryption method can be completely guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
9. Information collected from children
Children and their parents in the US have the same rights as our users in the EU which are outlined in this privacy policy.
Parents must provide consent for their child to use Star Stable.
When a child registers for a Star Stable account, we will collect:
Date of Birth
Email address
We also collect a parent’s email address in order to obtain consent.
When a child plays our game we may also collect:
Account data, such as in-game data, game progress, achievements, time spent playing and in-game communications
IP address and log in details
Technical information about your device, including device identifiers and cookie data
The data we collect is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that Star Stable suspend or remove the data.
As a registered parent or legal guardian, you can request to review or delete your or child’s data by contacting us at privacy@starstable.com.
We use third party service providers to help better understand and improve your use of the site. For a list of third party service providers used in relation to children, please visit
https://www.starstable.com/service-providers
If you or your parent have any questions about the use of these third parties, or if you would like more information, please contact us at privacy@starstable.com.
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification & GDPRkids™
Star Stable (owned and operated by Star Stable Entertainment AB) is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured Program (“the Program”) for COPPA Safe Harbor Certification and GDPRkids™. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online.
COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO COPPA certification Seal. The certification Seal posted on this page indicates Star Stable has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@starstable.com or call at +46 10 3300106 (US only). If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.
GDPRkids™ Privacy Assured
The Program applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO GDPRkids™ Verified Shield. The PRIVO GDPRkids™ Privacy Assured Program supports child directed services known as Information Society Services under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), to comply with the requirements of this legislation. It impacts any child directed service in an EU Member State and any service globally that collects and or processes the personal data of children and minors. There is no safe harbor for the GDPR to date, but to ensure this company’s services meet the program requirements, we conduct regular monitoring and consulting.
10. How can you Contact us with Privacy Questions or Concerns?
We are happy to answer any questions you might have concerning your personal Data, third-party processors or in-game safety. For general questions, please contact our
Customer Support Team
at privacy@starstable.com or by using our
web-form
.
Should you have specific Data Privacy and Internet Safety questions and/or concerns or want to have information about your private data or reach our Data Protection Officer (DPO), please email at
privacy@starstable.com
or call at +46 10 3300106 (US only).
If you have further compliance questions regarding EU law and GDPR please use this link to find the relevant contact details for the Data Protection Authority in your country:
http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080
Or reach us at our corporate headquarters at:
Star Stable Entertainment AB
Att: Privacy Request / Customer Care
Magnus Ladulåsgatan 65
118 27 Stockholm
SWEDEN
We use cookies to (i) provide our services and maintain the functionality of the website; (ii) analyse the use and traffic on the web site; and (iii) provide tailored content and offerings on other websites. For these purposes, we may share information about your use of our website with our analytics, advertising and social media platforms.If you accept marketing cookies, you consent to that your data will be shared with these providers and platforms, including used in accordance with their privacy practices and transferred outside the EU/EEA as further described in our cookie policy.Data will only be shared with these providers and platforms for ads personalisation and retargeting after additional age checks. Learn more by clicking “Cookie Settings” or reading our cookie policy. Please note that you must be 16 years or older to give us this permission. Otherwise, please click “No” below.
Cookie Policy
No, I do not wish to accept cookies
Yes, accept all cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label