Japanese
English
This English translation is intended as an auxiliary translation and is not an official legal document.
Please refer to the original Japanese version.
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you agree to Privacy Policy as set forth in its Japanese version.
Privacy Policy
Luup, Inc. handles Personal Information of users of our Services, business partners such as owners of Ports, employees, and all other related parties of Luup, Inc. in accordance with the following Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy").
Luup, Inc. complies with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (hereinafter referred to as the "Personal Information Protection Act"), guidelines of various ministries and agencies, and other related Laws and Regulations in order to realize the protection of user information.
This policy applies to the use of Mobility Devices sharing services and other services operated by Luup, Inc. (collectively, hereinafter referred to as the the "Services").
Definition of Personal Information
Personal Information means "personal information" as defined by the Personal Information Protection Law and includes the following
Information that can identify a specific individual, such as address, name, telephone number, date of birth, age, gender, e-mail address, driver's license information, credit card information, information separately requested by Luup, Inc. for identification purposes, and other information that can be used to identify a specific individual
Usage Information
Usage Information means any and all information regarding the use of the Service, including but not limited to the following
Photographs, comments, and other information posted during the use of the Service (This includes the type of cell phone or smart phone used, IP address, browser language, browser type, location information, access logs, etc.)
Information on the status of payments related to the Service
Collection of Acquired Information
Luup, Inc. collects Personal Information and Usage Information (collectively, hereinafter referred to as "Acquired Information") in the following manner. Luup, Inc. will not use deception or other wrongful means to acquire the Acquired Information, but will use appropriate methods to acquire the Acquired Information.
Luup, Inc. will collect information entered on the Service.
Luup, Inc. will collect information provided by e-mail, mail, in writing, by telephone, by electromagnetic means (including the submission of image data and others through the functions of applications provided by Luup, Inc. and the submission of information by reading IC chips, etc.), or by other means.
Luup, Inc. will collect browsing and usage history and other information when the Service is used.
Luup, Inc. will collect information through other transactions (including prospective transactions and consideration for employment) with Luup, Inc.
Management of Acquired Information
Luup, Inc. will take the utmost care in handling Acquired Information to prevent unauthorized access, loss, leakage, falsification, etc., of Personal Information.
Purpose of use of Acquired Information
Luup, Inc. will use Acquired Information within the scope of the purposes of use notified at the time of acquisition or collection of Acquired Information or the following purposes of use.
To provide the Service (including the use of micromobility, to determine the location of the vehicle, and to implement measures on the Service).
To communicate and provide information on various matters related to the Service
To bill, pay for and confirm the payment related to the Service
To survey and analyze the use of the Service
To improve and enhance the Service for better satisfaction, or to develop new services.
To survey the level of satisfaction with the Service
To send rewards for cooperation in surveys and others
To provide information and notices about the Service, new services, and other services, and for other marketing purposes (including the display of advertisements optimized for the users of the Service).
To send you information and notices about the Service, new services, services of partner companies, and other various services.
To resolve any problems with the operation of the Service
To prevent fraudulent activities that may interfere with the normal operation of the Service
For the purpose of installation and use of Ports, payment, and other purposes related to the provision of this Service.
For the management of employees and business partners, and for other business purposes that Luup, Inc. separately notifies or publicly announces.
For research (including research related to the Service, new services, and services provided by third parties who conduct research jointly with Luup, Inc.)
To provide the information to a third party in connection with the above purposes of use or purposes of use separately agreed to by the individual (however, provision of the information to a third party shall be in accordance with the following paragraph).
Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties
Luup, Inc. will provide the Personal Information of users of the Service (including Personal Information included in the Usage Information) to third parties in the following cases
When cooperating with a national agency, a local government, or an individual or entity entrusted by either a national agency or local government to execute affairs prescribed by law (including the execution of a joint project with a national agency or local government, or the execution of a project entrusted by a national agency or local government).
When providing information to universities and research institutions for joint research
When providing to the insurance companies, independent research institution, or other third parties with which Luup, Inc. collaborates to conduct safety measures in order to prevent the recurrence of an accident related to the use of the Service or for the purpose of safety measures
When providing to a third party with which Luup, Inc. collaborates to conduct marketing, business development, or other activities in order to collaborative marketing and business development (including the provision of Personal Information for the purpose of distributing advertisements regarding products and services provided by the third party)
When providing to Luup, Inc.'s relevant parties (including owners and managers of Ports) and to Luup, Inc.'s shareholders and other financing providers to the extent necessary to report on the status of Luup, Inc.'s business
When Personal Information succeeded as a part of the business in the event of a merger, corporate separation, transfer of business, or other such event
When providing to third parties to which Luup, Inc. outsources all or part of the handling of Personal Information within the scope necessary to achieve the purpose of use
When the provision of Personal Information to a third party is permitted under laws and regulations.
Use of "logs", etc.
Luup, Inc. collects the IP address, browser type, browser language, and other information that is automatically generated when users visit the Service.
This information is used to analyze the user environment, to provide better service, and to prevent fraudulent activities that may interfere with the normal provision of service.
Use of Equipment Information, etc.
Luup, Inc. may collect device information such as individual device identification information.
This information is used to provide better service and to prevent fraudulent activities that may interfere with the normal provision of service.
About "Pseudonym Processing Information"
Luup, Inc. may process Personal Information into pseudonymized information (as defined in the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, hereinafter referred to as "Pseudonymized Information"), in which the individual customer cannot be identified.
Luup, Inc. will create Pseudonymized Information by generalizing the information by deleting data items or replacing them with random character strings so that individuals cannot be identified, when creating Pseudonymized Information based on the customer's Personal Information during the provision of this Service.
Luup, Inc. will handle Pseudonymized Information appropriately within the scope of the purposes described in this policy.
Correction of Personal Information by Luup, Inc.
Luup, Inc. may change the Acquired Information if there is a change in the name or zip code of a city, town, or village, the name of a financial institution, or the expiration date of a credit card, or any other information that may interfere with the use of the Service or billing.
Safety Management Measures and Security of Personal Information
Luup, Inc. will make every effort to prevent unauthorized access, loss, destruction, alteration, or leakage of the Acquired Information by storing it securely on a server in an environment that is inaccessible to the general public.
Disclaimer and precautions
Luup, Inc. shall not be liable for any damages incurred by the user through no fault of Luup, Inc.
Please manage your information strictly so that it will not be lost, forgotten, or made known to a third party.
Improvement of this policy and confirmation of the latest version of this policy
Luup, Inc. will make efforts to improve this policy from time to time, and may change this policy from time to time as necessary. In the event that any change is made to this policy with respect to any matter for which the consent of the individual concerned is legally required, the revised policy will apply to the customer who has given such consent.
Please review the most current version of this Policy before using Luup, Inc.'s Services.
Procedures for Disclosure, Correction, Suspension of Use, etc. of Personal Information
In accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law, you may request Luup, Inc. to disclose, correct, or discontinue the use of your Personal Information.
Contact Us
If you have any comments, questions, complaints, or any other inquiries regarding Luup, Inc.'s handling of Acquired Information, please contact us at the following address.
Luup, Inc.
Address: AKIHABARA CENTRAL SQUARE 4F, 3-21-24 Kandasakumacho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 101-0025
Phone number: 0800-080-4333
E-mail: support@luup.co.jp
(The office hours are from 12:00 to 17:00 on weekdays.)
Please refer to the following for information on the address, representative, etc. of Luup, Inc.
https://luup.sc/corporate/
プライバシーポリシー
株式会社Luup（以下「当社」といいます）では、下記の「プライバシーポリシー」（以下「本ポリシー」といいます）に基づき、当社のサービスの利用者、ポートの設置者等の取引先、従業員その他当社のすべての関係者の個人情報を取り扱います。
当社は、ユーザー情報の保護実現のため、個人情報の保護に関する法律（以下「個人情報保護法」といいます）、各省庁ガイドラインその他関連する法令等を遵守します。
本ポリシーは、モビリティのシェアリングサービスその他の当社が運営するサービス（以下あわせて「本サービス」といいます）の利用に関し適用されます。
個人情報の定義
個人情報とは、個人情報保護法により定義された「個人情報」をいい、下記を含みます。
・住所、氏名、電話番号、生年月日、年齢、性別、メールアドレス、運転免許証の情報、クレジットカード情報、本人確認のために当社が別途求める情報その他の特定の個人を識別することができる情報
利用情報について
利用情報とは、本サービスの利用に関するあらゆる情報をいい、下記を含みます。
・ご利用になった本サービスの内容、位置情報、ご利用日時、ご利用回数、本サービス利用時の行動などのご利用内容・履歴・状況に関する情報（これらの情報にはご利用される携帯電話・スマートフォンの種類、IPアドレス、ブラウザ言語、ブラウザの種類、位置情報、アクセスログ等の利用状況に関する情報などを含みます。）
・本サービスのご利用時に掲載した写真、コメントその他の情報
・本サービスに関する決済状況に関する情報
取得情報の収集について
当社は、個人情報及び利用情報（以下「取得情報」といいます。）を以下の方法により、収集します。なお、当社は、取得情報の取得にあたっては、偽りその他不正の手段によらず、適正な方法により取得します。
・本サービス上で取得情報をご自身に入力していただき、収集させていただきます。
・当社に対し、電子メール、郵便、書面、電話、電磁的方法（当社が提供するアプリケーションの機能を用いた画像データ等の提出、ICチップの読取による情報提供等を含みます。）等で取得情報をご提供いただくことにより、収集させていただきます。
・本サービスをご利用、閲覧された際に履歴等を収集させていただくことがございます。
・その他当社との取引（取引の実施の検討を含みます。）、当社への就業（就業の検討を含みます。）等の当社との関係において、直接又は間接に収集させていただくことがございます。
取得情報の管理について
当社にて取得情報を管理・利用する業務に従事する者は、取得情報について厳重に管理を行い、個人情報への不当なアクセス、紛失、漏洩、改ざん等が起きないよう、取得情報の取扱に十分な注意を払い、その業務を行います。
取得情報の利用目的について
当社は、取得情報を取得・収集する際にお知らせした利用目的又は以下の利用目的の範囲内で、取得情報を利用させていただきます。
・本サービスを提供するため（マイクロモビリティの利用、車体の位置情報の把握、サービス上の措置の実施のためなどを含みます。）
・本サービスに関する各種事項の連絡や情報提供を行うため
・本サービスに関するご請求、お支払いとその確認をするため
・本サービスの利用状況等を調査・分析するため
・本サービスの内容をよりご満足いただけるよう改良・改善し、又は新サービスを開発するため
・本サービスに関する満足度を調査するため
・ご協力いただいた調査等に対する謝礼等をお送りするため
・本サービス、新サービスその他の各種サービスのご案内やお知らせをお届けする等、マーケティングで利用するため（サービスの利用者に最適化された広告の表示等を行うことを含みます。）
・本サービス、新サービス、提携先企業のサービス、その他の各種サービスのご案内やお知らせをお届けするため
・本サービス運営上のトラブルの解決のため
・本サービス提供の正常な運営を妨害する不正行為防止のため
・ポートの設置者に関する取得情報については、ポートの設置・利用、お支払い、その他本サービスの提供に関する目的のため
・従業員や取引先事業者等の取得情報については、従業員や取引先事業者等の管理その他別途当社が通知又は公表する事業上必要な目的のため
・研究（本サービス、新サービス、当社と共同で研究を行う第三者が提供するサービスに関する研究を含みます。）に利用するため
・上記利用目的又は別途本人の同意を得た利用目的に関連して第三者に提供するため（ただし、第三者への提供については次項に従うこととします。）
個人情報の第三者への提供について
当社は、以下に定める場合、本サービスの利用者の個人情報（利用情報に含まれる個人情報を含みます。）を第三者に提供します。
・国の機関若しくは地方公共団体又はその委託を受けた者が法令の定める事務を遂行することに対して協力する場合（国の機関若しくは地方公共団体との共同事業の遂行、又は、国の機関若しくは地方公共団体からの委託事業の遂行を含みます。）
・共同研究のため大学・研究機関へ提供する場合
・本サービスの利用に関連した事故の発生事案その他安全対策を目的として、再発防止策その他の安全対策を検討するため、保険会社、外部研究機関その他当社と安全対策に関する取り組み等を行う第三者に提供する場合
・当社が第三者と提携してマーケティングや事業開発等を行う場合において、当社と共同でマーケティングや事業開発等を行うために当該提携先に提供する場合（提携先が提供する商品・サービスに関する広告等を配信することを目的とした提供を含みます。）
・当社事業の関係者（ポートの所有者及び管理者を含みます。）及び当社の株主その他の資金提供者に対し当社事業の状況を報告するために必要な範囲で提供する場合
・合併、会社分割、事業譲渡その他の事由により個人情報を含む事業の承継がなされる場合
・当社が、利用目的の達成に必要な範囲内において個人情報の取扱いの全部又は一部を委託する場合
・その他法令上個人情報の第三者への提供が許容される場合
「ログ」の使用等について
当社は、ユーザーが本サービス訪問時に自動で生成される、IPアドレス、ブラウザ種類、ブラウザ言語などを収集します。
これらの情報はユーザー環境を分析し、より良いサービス提供のため、また正常なサービス提供を妨害する不正行為防止のために利用いたします。
「機器情報」の使用等について
当社は、端末の個体識別情報などの機器情報を収集する場合がございます。
これらの情報はより良いサービス提供のため、また正常なサービス提供を妨害する不正行為防止のために利用いたします。
「仮名加工情報」について
当社は、個人情報を、お客様個人を特定できないようにした仮名加工情報（個人情報保護法に定義された「仮名加工情報」をいい、以下同様とします。）に加工し、これを利用することがあります。
当社は、本サービスの提供期間中、お客様の個人情報に基づく仮名加工情報の作成にあたっては、個人を特定できないようなデータ項目の削除又はランダムな文字列の置換を行い、情報を一般化することにより仮名加工情報を作成します。
当社は、仮名加工情報を、本ポリシー記載の目的の範囲内で適正に取り扱います。
当社による個人情報の訂正
個人情報のうち、市町村などの名称及び郵便番号、金融機関の名称あるいはクレジットカードの有効期限など、本サービスのご利用やご請求を行う上で支障がある情報に変更があった場合には、当社は登録されている個人情報を変更させていただく場合があります。
個人情報の安全管理措置及びセキュリティについて
当社では、収集させていただいた取得情報を、一般のユーザーがアクセスできない環境下にあるサーバーにて安全に保管し、不正アクセス・紛失・破壊・改ざん又は漏洩が生じないよう努めます。
免責・注意事項
当社の過失なくユーザーに損害が生じた場合については、当社は責任を負いません。
ご本人様の情報については、紛失、忘失又は第三者に知られることのないよう厳重な管理をお願いいたします。
本ポリシーの改善及び最新の本ポリシーの確認について
当社は本ポリシーに関しまして、適宜その改善に取り組み、必要に応じて、随時本ポリシーを変更することがあります。なお、本ポリシーのうち法令上ご本人様の同意を得る必要がある事項について変更が行われる場合、同意を得たお客様に対して、変更後の本ポリシーが適用されます。
当社のサービスをご利用になる前に、最新の本ポリシーをご確認ください。
個人情報の開示・訂正・利用停止等の手続について
個人情報保護法に従い、当社に対して、個人情報の開示、訂正、利用停止等を求めることができます。
お問い合わせ
当社の取得情報の取扱いに関するご意見、ご質問、苦情のお申し出その他取得情報の取扱いに関するお問い合わせは、下記窓口までご連絡ください。
株式会社Luup
住所:　〒101-0025　東京都千代田区神田佐久間町三丁目21番地24 AKIHABARA CENTRAL SQUARE ４階
電話番号: 0800-080-4333
E-mail: support@luup.co.jp
（なお、受付時間は、平日12時から17時までとさせていただきます）
株式会社Luupの住所・代表者等の情報につきましては以下をご参照ください。
https://luup.sc/corporate/