Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
8
Loading…
{"id": "1zjeWsf5Ipp6nftI8JRdoCtZhIH3yMH-A", "title": "Story-eula-pdf-english.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 8
End-User License Agreement
("Agreement")
Last updated: December 18, 2018
Please read this End-User License Agreement ("Agreement")
carefully before clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using
Story ("Application").
By clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using the Application,
you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.
This Agreement is a legal agreement between you (either an
individual or a single entity) and Story and it governs your use of the
Application made available to you by Story.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not click on the
"I Agree" button and do not download or use the Application.
The Application is licensed, not sold, to you by Story for use strictly in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
License
Story grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited
license to download, install and use the Application solely for your
personal, non-commercial purposes strictly in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.
Restrictions
You agree not to, and you will not permit others to:
license, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host,
Page 2 of 8
outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the
Application or make the Application available to any third party.
copy or use the Application for any purpose other than as
permitted under the above section 'License'.
modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, decrypt, reverse
compile or reverse engineer any part of the Application.
remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any
notice of copyright or trademark) of Story or its affiliates,
partners, suppliers or the licensors of the Application.
Intellectual Property
The Application, including without limitation all copyrights, patents,
trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights
are, and shall remain, the sole and exclusive property of Storys.
Your Suggestions
Any feedback, comments, ideas, improvements or suggestions
(collectively, "Suggestions") provided by you to Story with respect
to the Application shall remain the sole and exclusive property of
Story shall be free to use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the
Suggestions for any purpose and in any way without any credit or
any compensation to you.
Modifications to Application
Story reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue,
temporarily or permanently, the Application or any service to which
it connects, with or without notice and without liability to you.
Page 3 of 8
Updates to Application
Story may from time to time provide enhancements or
improvements to the features/functionality of the Application, which
may include patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other
modifications
("Updates").
Updates may modify or delete certain features and/or
functionalities of the Application. You agree that Story has no
obligation to (i) provide any Updates, or (ii) continue to provide or
enable any particular features and/or functionalities of the
Application to you.
You further agree that all Updates will be (i) deemed to constitute
an integral part of the Application, and (ii) subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.
Third-Party Services
The Application may display, include or make available third-party
content (including data, information, applications and other
products services) or provide links to third-party websites or
services ("Third-Party Services").
You acknowledge and agree that Story shall not be responsible for
any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness,
timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality
or any other aspect thereof. Story does not assume and shall not
have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or
entity for any Third-Party Services.
Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a
convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your
own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions.
Term and Termination
Story-eula-pdf-english.pdf
Story-eula-pdf-english.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Story-eula-pdf-english.pdf. Page 1 of 8