Update date: October 10, 2022
Effective date: March 1, 2021
The following is a legal software license agreement between you, the end user of the software and
                    Hangzhou Vision Insight Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we"). Please read this
                    license agreement carefully before using the relevant software and its related services. Installing
                    or using software or services on a computer or other hardware device indicates that you have read
                    the license agreement and agree to its terms, terms of service and privacy policies.
This agreement will help you understand the following:
1. License authorization
2. The use of content
3. Distribution of content
4. Registration and privacy policy
5. Software usage tracking
6. Software update and marketing
7. Copyright information and owner's statement
8. Disclaimer
9. Description of limited liability
10. Export declaration
11. High risk activity statement
12. Compensation statement
13. Revision and renewal of the policy
14. Termination clause
15. How to contact us
We know the importance of personal information to you and will do our best to protect your personal
                    information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, abiding by the following principles
                    and protecting your personal information: the principle of unanimity of power and responsibility,
                    the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice and consent, the principle of insufficient
                    use, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of
                    openness and transparency. At the same time, we promise that we will take appropriate security
                    measures to protect your personal information in accordance with the industry's mature security
                    standards.
This policy is the basic legal document for your use of our products and/or services. We hope you
                    can read it carefully and make sure that you have fully understood the policy before using the
                    service. We hope you can make appropriate choices according to your own understanding. After we
                    update this policy (we will prompt you to update the situation in time), you continue to use our
                    products and/or services, which means that you agree to the content of this policy (including the
                    updated version), and agree that we collect, use, preserve, disclose and transfer your relevant
                    information in accordance with this policy.
1. License authorization
This license allows you to use a copy of the software contained in this package or product on a
                    single personal computer or hardware device. For each software licenser, the program can be used at
                    any given time only on a personal computer or hardware device. This license does not allow you to
                    use this software on any hardware device or personal computer that is not owned or controlled by
                    you, and you are not allowed to distribute the software over the network or make it available to
                    multiple devices using a network at the same time. If the program is to be installed on a network
                    server for distribution only to other computers, a special license for this software is required.
                    You may not modify, translate, reverse assemble, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt (i) to
                    break, avoid, bypass, delete, disable or otherwise circumvent any software protection mechanism in
                    this software, including but not limited to restricting or controlling the functionality of the
                    software, or (i i) to export source code from the software. Or basic ideas, algorithms, structures
                    or organizations (unless applicable law prohibits such activities). You may not use this software
                    for any purpose which is unlawful under applicable law in the area where you use it.
2. the use of content
This software is for licensed media only. You may not use this software for any purpose of
                    infringing copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, publicity or any other rights of a third
                    party. It is your responsibility to ensure that any content or material created, copied, downloaded,
                    compressed, recorded, replayed, published and/or distributed through this software (including but
                    not limited to text, photos, sound and video recording) infringes upon these rights and is licensed
                    from the owner of these rights. You may not attempt or use this software with any device, program or
                    service to circumvent the jurisdiction of technical measures used to control access or rights to any
                    content document or other work protected by copyright law.
3. Distribution of content
You can only use this software for your personal non-commercial purposes and may not provide it in
                    any way or use it as part of any commercial service or application. If you are interested in any
                    other uses, please contact us. Copies of content documents, including but not limited to songs and
                    other audio recordings, are downloaded or reproduced using this software and are protected by
                    copyright law or by relevant laws of any jurisdiction only for your own personal use and will not be
                    distributed to third parties or executed outside your normal family and social circle of
                    acquaintances.
4. Registration and privacy policy
This section will help you understand the following:
1. How do we collect and use your personal information?
2. How do we use, protect and preserve your personal information?
3. How do we share your personal information?
4. Your rights
5. How do we deal with the personal information of minors?
Software registration, purchase and/or activation processes may require you to provide personal
                    identification information, which we do not share or sell with any third party unless: (i) you have
                    agreed to disclose this information in advance; (i i) we need to disclose this information to
                    provide the product or service you require; or (i I i) we do Such information is disclosed when
                    fulfilling legal obligations.
How do we collect and use your personal information?
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that
                    can identify a particular natural person or reflect the activities of a particular natural person
                    individually or in combination with other information. Personal information covered by this policy
                    includes: basic information (including personal name, birthday, sex, address, personal telephone
                    number, e-mail); personal identity information (including ID card, officer's card, passport,
                    driver's license, relevant identity certificate, etc.); personal location information; network
                    identity information (including department). General Account, IP Address, Mail Address, User Name,
                    Nickname in this APP, Password and Secret Protection Related to the foregoing; Personal Internet
                    Records (including browsers, search records, software usage records, click records); Personal Common
                    Equipment Information (including Internet Service Providers, Terminal Manufacturers, Hardware Types)
                    A description of the number, MAC address of the device, type of operating system, unique device
                    identification of the software list (such as IMEI/android ID/IDFA/AdVertising
                    ID/OPENUDID/GUID/UDID), SIM card IMSI, session start/stop time, language location, time zone and
                    network status (WiFi, etc.), hard disk, CPU, and battery usage, etc. Information about the basic
                    situation of a person's commonly used device, video content containing personal information, and
                    other information (including timestamps, application identifiers, application versions, application
                    distribution channels, personal phone numbers, mobile phone numbers, web browsing records, accurate
                    positioning information,).
Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that, once leaked or modified, will
                    have a negative impact on the subject of personal information (including reputation, physical and
                    mental health damage or discriminatory treatment, etc.). Personal sensitive information covered in
                    this policy includes: personal identity information (including ID card, officer's card, passport,
                    driver's license, household registration book); network identity information (including system
                    account, IP address, mailbox address, user name, nickname in this APP, and password and security
                    related to the aforementioned); and other information. (including timestamps, application
                    identifiers, application versions, application distribution channels, personal phone numbers, mobile
                    phone numbers, web browsing records, accurate positioning information); related identity
                    certificates; video content containing personal sensitive information.
1. Personal information we collect and use.
Our products and / or services include some core functions, including cloud service shopping
                    services, service-based infrastructure (such as monitoring video preview, device operation and
                    control, etc.). We may collect, save and use some information about you to achieve these functions.
                    If you do not provide this information, you will not be able to enjoy the products and / or services
                    we offer.
Our products and / or services also include additional features, including value-added services such
                    as cloud storage, AI labs, message alerts, device unbound, network detection, and so on. If you use
                    these additional features, we will collect personal information based on the additional features you
                    choose to use. If you do not provide this personal information, you can still purchase cloud
                    services and use the basic features related to this software product based on services, but you will
                    not be able to use the corresponding additional features.
In the process of using our products and/or services, we will collect the information that you
                    provide on your own initiative when using our products and/or services, or that comes from using our
                    products and/or services, in order to provide you with our products and/or services, optimize our
                    products and/or services, and And ensure your account security:
1. When you register your account for the use of our products and/or services, we will collect your
                    username, password, mailbox, mobile phone number and other information. We collect cell phone
                    numbers to meet the requirements of relevant laws and regulations. If you login to our products
                    and/or services in other ways, we will request your personal information from the third party
                    concerned, and we can still ask you for the personal information we require but the third party can
                    not provide. If you refuse to provide this information, you may not be able to use our products and
                    / or services properly.
2. When you search for video or other information, we will collect your search content to
                    facilitate your repeated input or show you the information associated with your search content.
                    Please note that your search keyword information does not identify you individually, does not belong
                    to your personal information, and we have the right to use it for any purpose; only when your search
                    keyword information is used in conjunction with your other information and can identify you, during
                    the conjunction, do we Your search keyword information will be used as your personal information,
                    and your search history will be processed and protected in accordance with this policy.
3. when you use this software cloud service, you need to bind your camera and other products.
                    We will collect the product serial number and product verification code that you bind. This kind of
                    information is the unique basic information of the product. It is the basic information that must be
                    collected to bind the product and further provide you with basic services such as preview, video
                    storage and value-added services. When you use the storage capabilities of this software cloud
                    service to store your videos, these videos are saved in our server. We will store it in encrypted
                    way.
4. When you purchase products or services from this software, we will also collect your order
                    information, including the order number, the service information you purchased, the amount you paid
                    and the payment method. We will use this information to determine transactions, settle payments,
                    inquire for your orders, and provide customer service advice and after-sales services, to determine
                    if your transactions are abnormal to protect your transaction security.
5. when you pay, you can choose the third party payment agency that the software co operates
                    (including Alipay, WeChat payment, credit card, paypal and other payment channels, hereinafter
                    referred to as the "payment institution") to provide payment services. We do not collect your
                    personal information by the payment function itself, but we need to share your order number and
                    transaction amount information with these payment agencies to confirm your payment instructions and
                    complete the payment
6. When you turn on the message reminder function, we will collect the picture timestamp taken
                    by your camera and push the message to you. You can turn off this function by setting up.
7. when you apply for product deregulation, we will collect your ID card and other
                    information. We need to check this information as much as possible to determine whether you are
                    currently a legitimate user of the product to decide whether to accept your unbundling application.
                    If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to provide you with untying services.
8. Our customer service and after-sales functions will use your account information, order
                    information, product information you bind. To ensure the safety of your account, our customer
                    service will use your account information to verify your identity with you. When you need us to
                    provide customer service and after-sales service related to your order information, we will inquire
                    about your order information. You may provide other information when you communicate with our
                    customer service staff, such as when you ask us to change our contact person or telephone number.
                    When you need us to provide customer service and after-sales service related to the product
                    information you bind, we will inquire about the product information you bind.
9. In order to optimize our products and provide you with better service, we will share your
                    personal information with the suppliers who serve us.
10. In addition, we may use online third-party services, when you use these functions, without
                    your permission, we will not disclose your personal information to third-party service providers.
11. If we need to obtain your personal information in addition to the above scenarios, we will
                    reapply your express consent and fully explain the application scenario and the content and scope of
                    obtaining your relevant information before obtaining your express consent.
12. In order to ensure the safe operation of software products and services, we will collect
                    your device or software information, version used by mobile devices, hardware model, device brand,
                    device model, device identification code (ANDROID ID/IDFA/OPENUID/IDFV), operating system version
                    number, network operator information, IP address, operation, and usage logs in the background state,
                    and diagnose system problems, optimize product experience, troubleshoot Locate the system failure,
                    conduct data analysis, and ensure the normal operation of the software.
2. Rules for using your personal information
1. we will use your personal information in accordance with the following rules:
1)We will use the personal information collected in accordance with the provisions of this policy
                    and for the realization of our product and/or service functions.
2)We will send you commercial electronic information (including SMS, e-mail, etc.) to provide you
                    with relevant product/service information. If you do not wish to receive such information, you can
                    unsubscribe by using the "unsubscribe" function in the message we send.
2. Please note that all personal information you provide when using our products and/or services
                    will be authorized to use continuously during your use of our products and/or services unless you
                    delete the software, reject our collection through account settings or system settings. When you
                    cancel your account, we will stop using it and delete your personal information after 6 months.
3. We will make statistics on the usage of our products and/or services and may share these
                    statistics with the public or third parties to show the overall usage trend of our products and/or
                    services. However, these statistics do not contain any identification information.
4. When we display your personal information, we will desensitize your information by means of
                    content replacement and anonymous processing to protect your information security.
5. In order to optimize our products and provide you with better service, we will share
                    personal data with our suppliers. For example, companies we hire to provide data analysis services
                    may need to collect and access personal data for data statistics and analysis. In this case, these
                    data sharing providers must comply with our data privacy and security requirements.
6. When we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this
                    policy, or for other purposes based on information collected for specific purposes, we will ask your
                    consent in advance in the form of your voluntary check-up.
3. You are fully aware that we do not need your authorization to collect and use personal
                    information in the following circumstances:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments.
4. In order to safeguard the vital legal rights and interests of the subject of personal information
                    or other individuals, such as life and property, it is difficult to obtain the consent of the
                    person.
5. The personal information collected is the disclosure of the personal information subject to the
                    public.
6. Collecting your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news
                    reports, government information disclosure, etc.
7. According to your requirements, fulfill your contract.
8. Requirements for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products and/or services
                    provided, such as the detection and disposal of product and/or service failures;
9. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
How do we use Cookie and similar technologies?
1. Cookie
Cookie is a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on
                    a Web site or client. When you use a product or service, we send one or more small data files called
                    cookies on your computer or mobile device. The cookies assigned to you are unique and can only be
                    read by Web servers that publish them to your domain. Cookie usually contains identifiers, site
                    names, and numbers and characters. We will use Cookie technology to simplify your login steps, store
                    your browsing preferences and other data to provide you with preferences, help you optimize the
                    choice and interaction of advertising, help determine your login status, and account or data
                    security.
We promise that research into Cookie information will only be used to improve service / product
                    quality and optimize user experience. We will not use Cookie for any purpose other than those stated
                    in this policy. You can manage or delete Cookie according to your preferences. For details, please
                    refer to AboutCookies.org. You can clean up all cookies saved on your computer, and most Web
                    browsers automatically pick up cookies, but you can usually modify the browser's settings to reject
                    cookies as you want; you can also clean up all cookies saved in your software. But if you do, you
                    may need to change the user settings in person every time you visit a Web site or software, and the
                    information you have previously recorded will be deleted, which may have some impact on the security
                    of the services you use.
2. Website beacon and pixel label
In addition to Cookie, we will use web site beacons and pixel labels and other similar technologies
                    on the website. For example, the e-mail we sent to you may contain clicking URL linked to the
                    content of our website. If you click on this link, we will track this click to help us understand
                    your product or service preferences and improve customer service. Web beacon is usually a
                    transparent image embedded into a website or e-mail. With the help of pixel labels in e-mail, we can
                    learn whether or not e-mail is being opened. If you don't want your activities to be tracked in this
                    way, you can always unsubscribe from our mailing list.
How do we protect and preserve your personal information?
First, your personal information protection and safety measures.
1. We will make every reasonable effort to protect your personal information, and the personal
                    information will be protected by special data security department. To prevent unauthorized access,
                    copying, modification, transmission, loss, destruction, processing or use of user's personal
                    information, we have taken and will continue to take the following measures to protect your personal
                    information:
1)Our network services adopt encryption technology such as transmission security protocol, and
                    provide browsing services through HTTPS to ensure the security of user data in the transmission
                    process.
2)Users'personal information is encrypted and saved by encryption technology, and isolated by
                    isolation technology.
3)In the use of personal information, such as personal information display, personal information
                    association calculation, we will use a variety of data desensitization technology to enhance the
                    security of personal information in use.
4)Set up strict data use and access system, adopt strict data access control and multiple identity
                    authentication technology to protect personal information and avoid data being used illegally. We
                    only allow authorized personnel to access personal information and ask them to perform corresponding
                    confidentiality obligations.
5)take special data and technology security audit, set up log audit and behavior audit measures.
2. other security measures to protect personal information.
1) To manage and standardize the storage and use of personal information by establishing data
                    classification and classification system, data security management norms and data security
                    development norms.
2) Establish information protection departments and data security emergency response organizations
                    to promote and protect personal information security.
3) enhance safety awareness. We will also conduct security and privacy training courses to enhance
                    staff awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
3. Despite the reasonable and effective measures mentioned above and the standards required by
                    relevant laws, we still can not guarantee the security of your personal information when
                    communicating through unsafe channels. Therefore, you should take positive measures to ensure the
                    security of personal information, such as: set up complex passwords, regularly modify the account
                    password, do not disclose their own account password and other personal information to others.
4. There are always risks of information leakage in the network environment. When unexpected events,
                    force majeure and other circumstances lead to the leakage of your information, we will try our best
                    to control the situation, timely inform you of the cause of the incident, the security measures we
                    have taken, security measures you can take the initiative to take, and other relevant
                    circumstances.
5. After the unfortunate personal information security incidents, we will inform you in time
                    according to the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of
                    security incidents, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with them, the suggestions you
                    can take to prevent and reduce the risks on your own, and the remedial measures for you. At the same
                    time, we will timely inform you of the relevant events by mail, letter, telephone, push notification
                    and other means, it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will
                    take a reasonable and effective way to publish the announcement. At the same time, we will report to
                    the competent authorities in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
Two. Save your personal information.
1.We process and store the user's personal information in the U.S. and other countries in accordance
                    with laws and regulations. If we transmit your personal information to the outside world, you will
                    be informed and asked for permission.
2.during your use of products or services, we will keep your personal information for you. If
                    you cancel your account or delete your personal information on your own initiative, we will continue
                    to keep your information within 6 months after you cancel your account or delete your personal
                    information in accordance with the laws and regulations of the Internet Security Law.
Three. Legal basis for data processing
We have already introduced the purpose of processing personal data. Our legal basis for
                    dealing with personal data includes: fulfilling contracts with you (e.g., providing you with the
                    services you request, identifying and authenticating you so that you can use the website); and
                    fulfilling mandatory disclosure requirements for compliance with legal requirements (e.g., for
                    compliance with applicable accounting rules) To protect our legitimate interests (e.g., to manage
                    our relationship with you, to ensure the safety of our services, to communicate our products and
                    services with you), and to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes, based
                    on the consent of our customers (e.g., cookies).
In some cases, you may need to provide us with personal data for the above processing, so that
                    we can provide you with all our services and make it easy for you to use all our functions.
How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information?
1.Sharing
1,We do not share your personal information with any other company, organization or individual
                    except the following:
1) we have obtained clear authorization or consent from you or your guardian.
2) we disclose the judicial or administrative organs based on statutory procedures.
3) when we initiate litigation or arbitration for users to safeguard their legitimate rights and
                    interests.
4) according to the agreement between you and us, such as service agreement and usage rule.
5) To protect the software and its related parties, users of the software and the public interest
                    from being damaged within the scope permitted by laws and regulations;
6) conform to the agreement between you and the other third people.
2,In addition, we may share your order information, account information and equipment
                    information with partners and other third parties to ensure the smooth completion of the services
                    provided to you. But we will only share your personal information for legitimate, legitimate,
                    necessary, specific, and explicit purposes, and will only share the personal information necessary
                    to provide services. Our partners have no right to use shared personal information for any other
                    purpose. At present, our partners include suppliers of technical services. We may share your
                    personal information to the third party that supports our functions. These include providing us with
                    supplies or infrastructure technical services, payment services, data processing, etc. The purpose
                    of sharing this information is to implement the core purchasing functions of our products and/or
                    services, such as we need to share your order number and order amount with a third party payment
                    agency to confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment.
3,You can share your video, location information, identity information, etc. with specific
                    objects, or share your own video, location information, identity information, etc. with specific
                    people based on our products and/or services. We are not liable for any serious situation such as
                    leakage of your information due to your sharing behavior.
4.In order to provide more complete product functions and better user experience, we will
                    integrate Flurry's third-party data statistics and analysis services. Its privacy policy address is
                    as follows:
https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html
Two. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual,
                    except in the following circumstances:
1, Assignment with express consent: With your express consent, we will transfer your personal
                    information to other parties.
2, When it comes to mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation, if it involves the
                    transfer of personal information, we will require new companies and organizations holding your
                    personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will ask the
                    companies and organizations to re-seek authorization from you.
3.Public disclosure
We will disclose your personal information only in the following circumstances:
1, get your clear consent;
2, Disclosure Based on Law: We may publicly disclose your personal information when required
                    by law, legal process, judiciary or government authorities.
Your rights
According to the applicable law, you have the right to object to or require restrictions on the
                    processing of your personal data and to require access, correction, deletion and portability of your
                    own data.
The use of your information is based on your consent, and you have the right to withdraw that
                    consent at any time, but the withdrawal of consent does not affect the legality of consent-based
                    data processing prior to withdrawal.
You can submit your request to us through "help and feedback".
If you find any changes or inaccuracies in your information, please notify us of these changes so
                    that our records can be updated or corrected. If you think that our handling of your personal data
                    is in violation of applicable law, you can complain to the regulator.
The retention time of your personal data depends on the need to provide you with services or
                    products, or on the requirements of applicable laws such as tax and accounting laws.
We do not charge for your reasonable request in principle, but we will charge a certain cost for
                    repeated requests that exceed a reasonable limit. We may reject requests that are unjustifiably
                    duplicated, require too many technical means (e.g., the need to develop new systems or radically
                    change existing practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very
                    impractical (e.g., involve backing up information stored on tape).
In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with
                    the requirements of laws and regulations:
1) related to national security and national defense safety;
2) related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
4) there is ample evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights.
5) in response to your request, the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals
6) involving business secrets.
How do we deal with minors' personal information?
1, we attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. If you are a minor
                    under the age of 18, prior written consent of your parents or legal guardian should be obtained
                    before using our products and/or services. We protect minors' personal information according to the
                    relevant laws and regulations of the state.
2. In the case of collecting personal information of minors with the consent of their parents
                    or legal guardians, we will only use or publicly disclose this information if it is permitted by
                    law, with the explicit consent of the parents or legal guardians or necessary for the protection of
                    minors.
3. If we find ourselves collecting personal information about minors without the prior consent
                    of a verifiable parent or legal guardian, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as
                    possible.
5. Software usage tracking
You agree that this software may monitor your use of software to improve product availability. In
                    doing so, the software can record usage information about the functions of the selected product, the
                    unique machine ID (automatically generated when the software is installed) and other software
                    products installed on the same machine. Such usage information will not be collected with any
                    corresponding personal identification information and will remain anonymous.
6. Software update and marketing
This software may cause your computer to automatically connect to the Internet and communicate with
                    this software without additional / or prior notice to check for available bug fixes, additional
                    features, plug-ins, and new versions (collectively referred to as "software updates"). You hereby
                    agree that this software can send you information about software updates and special offers offered
                    by the Software Alliance and third-party partners.
7. Copyright information
The software contained in this package or equipment is protected by the copyright law of U.S., the
                    provisions of international treaties and all other applicable national laws. Software must be
                    treated like all other copyrighted materials, such as books and music recordings. This license does
                    not allow software to rent, and it is not allowed to copy with the written materials (if any) of the
                    software.
8. Owner's statement
Ownership and all intellectual property rights in the software and its accompanying documents, as
                    well as copies of any of the above documents, remain the sole and exclusive property of the software
                    and/or its third-party licensors. You agree to abide by the copyright law and all other applicable
                    laws. You acknowledge that the software contains valuable confidential information and trade secrets
                    from the software and/or its third-party licensors.
9. Disclaimer
The software and services do not provide any form of guarantee. No express or implied warranties,
                    including, but not limited to, implied warranties of marketability and applicability for specific
                    purposes, and warranties of non-infringement of intellectual property rights, are made, and the
                    software expressly denies that all warranties are not here. You assume all the risks associated with
                    the quality and performance of software and services. If the software proves defective, you, not the
                    software or authorized distributor, assume the necessary services and assume the full cost of
                    maintenance or correction. Implied warranties are not allowed to be excluded in certain
                    countries/regions or jurisdictions, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
10. Description of limited liability
Your sole remedy and the full responsibility of this software and its Licensor are stipulated in the
                    above clause. In no event shall this software and its licensees be liable to you or any other person
                    for any damage, including any incidental or consequential damage, expense, loss of profits, loss
                    savings or other damage resulting from the use or inability to use the software, or even if the
                    software or its licensee has been informed of this The possibility of class damage. Since certain
                    jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion or limitation of consequential or accidental damage, the
                    above limitations may not apply to you.
11, Export declaration
If there is no corresponding foreign government permit, you may not export or re export products
                    containing this software.
12, High risk activity statement
This software is not fault-tolerant and does not apply to hazardous environments requiring fail-safe
                    performance, or any other software failure that may directly result in death, personal injury or
                    serious physical or property losses (collectively referred to as "high-risk activities"). The
                    software expressly denies any express or implied warranty of applicability to high-risk activities.
13, Compensation statement
You agree to grant this software to any loss, damages, fines and charges (including attorney's fees
                    and fees) arising from or in connection with any claim you have. Its officers, directors and
                    employees are innocent, indemnified and defended (i) against the rights of the other party or
                    against any law, using, viewing, copying, downloading,etc. Encoding, compressing, copying or
                    transmitting any material (other than those provided by the software) in connection with this
                    software, or (ii) in violation of any terms of this license agreement.
14. Revision and renewal of the policy.
We may change the policy in due course. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights
                    you should enjoy in accordance with this policy.
We will notify you of any changes (including, but not limited to, major changes) to this policy in
                    the form of push notifications, pop-ups, e-mails, etc.
The major changes referred to in this policy include, but are not limited to:
1, our service mode has undergone major changes. Such as the purpose of handling personal
                    information, the type of personal information to be processed, the way of using personal
                    information, etc.
2, we have made significant changes in ownership structure and organizational structure. Such as
                    business adjustment, bankruptcy acquisition and other changes caused by owners.
3, changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure;
4, your right to participate in personal information processing has changed significantly.
5. We are responsible for handling personal information security departments, contact methods and
                    complaint channels change;
6, personal information security impact assessment report shows high risk.
15. Termination clause
This agreement will remain fully valid when you use the service. You can terminate the service at
                    any time. We can deny or suspend your access to and/or use of services and/or accounts at any time
                    and for any reason without warning. This may result in forfeiture and destruction of all information
                    related to your membership. If you violate any of the terms and conditions of this agreement, we may
                    terminate or suspend any and all services and access to the website without prior notice or
                    liability. After your account terminates, your right to use services, access to websites and any
                    content will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement except "1. License Authorization"
                    shall, by their nature, remain valid after termination, including, but not limited to, statements of
                    limited liability, exemptions and claims.
16, how to contact us
If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions about this policy or about your personal
                    information, contact us through the built-in "opinions and feedback" function of the software. Under
                    normal circumstances, we will reply within thirty days.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12