Privacy Policy
Little Orpheus
™ is a game offered by Sumo Digital Ltd. (“we” or “us”). This policy covers how we treat the information we collect and receive from users of
Little Orpheus
™ (“users” or “you”). In this policy, references to personal information are to data that can be used to identify or contact a single person.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 1, 2020. In the future, the game or our practices may change. When we make changes related to privacy, we will revise this Privacy Policy to reflect the changes. We’ll post the updated version here. If we think the changes will significantly impact the treatment of personal information you have already provided, we will also notify you and ask that you review and consent to the new policy.
The terms “
Little Orpheus
” or the “game”  refer to the game
Little Orpheus
™ across all devices and platforms.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Generally
We collect only the information specifically described in this Privacy Policy. We
do not
ask for or collect any personal information from our users in order to use the game (with the exception of allowing you to provide an email address so that we can contact you regarding a support request that you initiate).
information you provide us with your consent
Support Requests
: You may have the option of providing us with an email address in the event you initiate a support request. If you provide us with an email address in this situation, we will only use it to contact you with regard to your support request and will remove it from our system 6 months after your request has been dealt with.
We rely on the basis that it is in our legitimate interests to collect this personal information in order to respond to support requests in respect of the game.
Game information
The game collects information about your progression through and achievements in the game.  This game information does not identify you personally to us (so is not personal information under this policy) and is not stored by us, but is stored on Apple services such as iCloud for game saves and Game Center for achievements.  Any information stored by Apple is governed by Apple’s privacy policies.
The game collects information from children in the same way as for other users and this is also stored on Apple services.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
We use and share the personal information we collect only in the ways listed in this Privacy Policy and not in any other ways. This includes
not
using or sharing your personal information with third parties for advertising or marketing purposes.
As noted above, you may receive email from us related specifically to a customer service request you initiate.
We use anonymous data we collect to support our internal operations.
We may also disclose anonymous data to our suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, provided that they do not make independent use of the information, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set out in this privacy statement.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information to the extent that we are required to do so by law (which may include to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets, the personal information we hold may be included as part of that sale, in which case you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Website of any changes in ownership or use of your personal information, and any choices you may have regarding that information.
We may share your personal information with our parent company Sumo Group Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Sumo Group”), but we will not share your personal data with our ultimate parent, Tencent Holdings Ltd., a public company listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (SEHK: 0700) and headquartered in China or any of Tencent Holdings Ltd.’s affiliates outside the Sumo Group.
VIEWING, CHANGING, CORRECTING AND REMOVING INFORMATION WE HAVE ABOUT YOU:
You may obtain a complete record of any personal information we have about you by submitting a request to comrades@littleorpheus.com. If upon your review, you determine that your personal information is incorrect or incomplete, you may notify us of the issue at comrades@littleorpheus.com and we will correct it.
You may withdraw your consent to provide us with any personal information you have previously consented to provide us with and request that it be removed from our system by submitting a request to comrades@littleorpheus.com. At the time you make the deletion request, you may also obtain a copy of your personal information we hold by so indicating along with the deletion request. If you make a deletion request, we will remove the personal information from our live system. Please note that due to technical, legal and regulatory requirements, your personal information may persist in archives and backups even after we have removed it from the live system.
HOW TO CONTACT US:
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you can contact us via email at comrades@littleorpheus.com or at
Sumo Digital Ltd.
Unit 32 Jessops Riverside,
800 Brightside Lane
Sheffield
United Kingdom
S9 2RX
Sumo Digital is part of the Sumo Group and is ultimately owned by Tencent Holdings Limited, a public company listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (SEHK: 0700) and headquartered in China.
CUSTOMER SUPPORT POLICY
Privet!
If you need support relating to Little Orpheus
™
then please email us at
comrades@littleorpheus.com
where we will aim to respond to your enquiry within 48 hours – subject to volume of requests and our opening hours and (09:30 – 17:30 UTC).
Before contacting support channel, you can check our Twitter page
@ChineseRoom
to see if your query has already been answered.
Our support team will be able to help with matters that may be limiting your full enjoyment of the game, for example; crashes, bugs, errors in localisation, inconsistencies with the gameplay or controls.  We are also happy to answer general questions and guide you to relevant documentation where we can.
Unfortunately, we cannot offer support with issues relating to external services such as Game Center or iCloud.
Our customer support is available to all players of Little Orpheus
™
on Apple Arcade when a support request is submitted through our official support channel email:
comrades@littleorpheus.com
although we may address some queries via social media.
Spasibo and enjoy Ivan's story!