The #1 Driving Instructor App
Award-winning business management software
for driving instructors and multi-car schools. Used by over 6,500 driving instructors every week.
Start 30 day free trial
Book ADI Demo
PDI Head Start
Official Partners
Award-Winning
From only £16 per month
Used by over 6,500 driving instructors and 142,000 pupils every week.
Online with free Apple app & Android app
Discounts for multi-car instructors
100% tax-deductible
No payment details needed for trial
Free lesson and payment reminders
Free pupil and parent app
Tailored setup & migration support
Instructor first innovation
The driving professionals first choice. Manage lessons through your diary, record pupil progress and be paper-free, with a secure, digital backed-up platform.
Start managing your work-life balance
Multi-car schools
Easily add extra instructors and allocate then new pupils. Track the performance of instructors on pass rates, cancellations and every pupils driving progress.
Get your driving school setup
Plan your diary
Manage your work-life balance with the Total Drive diary that syncs to Google Calendar and Apple iCal. Easily add lessons, events and unavailability.
Manage your pupils
Keep all your pupil information in one place. Contact details, driving progress, theory status, lessons, payments and much more.
Record your transactions
Add your income and expenses, whilst on the road, on the go! Both business and personal mileage can also be record; ready for making tax digital.
Branded pupil app
Customise the app, by adding your driving school name, logo and company colours to brand the pupil app as your driving school.
Trusted Insights
Industry reviews from esteemed instructors
I have been recommending this App to all my PDI’s when I am training them to become driving instructors since I discovered it. My PDI’s really love the App and everything is on the app that is needed for them to run their business. My PDI’s are able to monitor their pupils lessons and progress and remind their own pupils when their lessons are booked.
Rachel Kavanagh: Xcel Driver Training
The app and software is brilliant, helping grow my driving school. In the current situation we need to become fully digital and this app has it all. The Total Drive team are always enhancing the software and listening to feedback. The customer service is first class, responding quickly, highly recommended! They really want a product that helps us driving instructors be more productive.
Paul Ellison: Ellisons School of Motoring
As an ADI I can’t recommend this app enough. My clients love it, they can instantly see their progress plus loads of other features for the pupil. It’s a great two-way app as the client’s app is just as good! The Developers are incredibly approachable and any technical queries or ideas are responded to swiftly, no fuss no hassle! It does more than most ADI diary apps and I have pretty much checked most of them, all of which just miss something.
Simon H ADI: Capterra Review
I’ve used TD for over two years and found it absolutely amazing! So easy to keep note of all your pupils and their progress, and I particularly like the fact that they listen to us instructors and take on board our requests… and act quickly to implement them wherever possible. Pupils love it, giving them much more responsibility for their learning, they get free lesson reminders, which cuts down the cancellation rate!
Diane Hall: L of a Way 2 Pass
Where do I start?! Progress chart so a learner can see how close they are getting to being at test standard; lesson reminders automatically sent out; reflective log for learners to complete – this is a really powerful tool for goal setting. And last, but certainly not least, the superb support we get from the developers. They are so responsive to the ideas that are submitted. This app has truly revolutionised how we work and made it so easy to administer not only my own diary but to oversee what is happening with all our instructors.
Kevin S ADI: Capterra Review
Having used one of Total Drives major competitors previously, I was convinced that they could not be beaten.  Until I tried Total Drive. This app is not only perfect for the multi car school but also for the independent instructor too. Tech support is very quick and precise. All in all, there’s nothing not to like about this app and in my view, outclasses the competition in every way from cost to usability.
Drew Thompson: DrewMatic Driving School
Having looked and tried other similar products I can honestly say hands down this has been the best. As a multi-car school I needed a system where I could be more efficient for our instructors. The whole system provides everything both the instructors and pupils need. It’s easy to use and has so many additional benefits rolled into a very reasonable monthly fee. I love that I can customise it to suit our school.
Nicky Harris: The Driving Academy
Incredibly good app, the developers have been amazing from the start – very flexible and adaptable, they listen to the instructors using it day in day out. Students love the app too! Very easy to use and book lessons in, brilliant for driving schools with many instructors as well. It’s an amazing price for what you get!
Laura Morris: DKM Driving & Go Green Training
This app is absolutely brilliant. It’s easy to use and has everything I need to run my business with ease. I can and would recommend this to any instructors looking for a management app and I know my students would join me in recommending it as well. I have been using Total Drive for a while now and it makes my life so much easier and my students love the app.
Paul Loader: Paul Loader Driving Lessons
Great app for driving schools with multiple instructors.  Constantly being developed and improved with new functionality on the way.  Best of all is the level of service and support from Tom Wotton, always answers my questions straight away.  Highly recommended for independent instructors and large schools.
Howard Floyd: How 2 Drive
I have been recommending this App to all my PDI’s when I am training them to become driving instructors since I discovered it. My PDI’s really love the App and everything is on the app that is needed for them to run their business. My PDI’s are able to monitor their pupils lessons and progress and remind their own pupils when their lessons are booked.
Rachel Kavanagh: Xcel Driver Training
The app and software is brilliant, helping grow my driving school. In the current situation we need to become fully digital and this app has it all. The Total Drive team are always enhancing the software and listening to feedback. The customer service is first class, responding quickly, highly recommended! They really want a product that helps us driving instructors be more productive.
Paul Ellison: Ellisons School of Motoring