Home
Legal & Privacy
General Terms and Conditions – Young Platform Step
Definitions
Object
Operation of the Service
Registration, confirmation, activation verification
Services
5.2 Withdrawal Procedure
User Declaration and Commitments
Obligations of the User
Electronic Communications
Copyright and Intellectual Property
Brands and Logos
Licences
Limitations of liability
Amendments and additions to these Terms
Interruption of access to the Step app
Withdrawal, termination and suspension
Contact
Assignment of contract
Applicable law and jurisdiction
Legal & Privacy
General Terms and Conditions – Young Platform Step
Last updated 12.02.2025
Background
Dear User, by accepting these Terms and Conditions, you declare that you:
be aware that this agreement defines the general terms and conditions of use of the services provided by Young Platform S.p.A. (hereinafter referred to as “Terms
and Conditions”
) through the Young Platform Step product (for convenience, referred to as “
App Step”
or “
Application
“) detailed below, to its Users,
be aware that these services are those referring exclusively to the domain
https://step.youngplatform.com/it/
(hereinafter the “
Site”
) and the Application (the Site and the Mobile Application collectively referred to as the “
Platforms
“);
be aware that the complete insertion of the data required in the registration form (“
Form
“) and its electronic signature (by means of the special button labelled “
Register
“) is tantamount to contractual acceptance of this document and the Annexes;
be aware that your subscription to the Service will only become effective upon your acceptance of this document and its Annexes, which describe the contractual relationship that will be established between you and our Company (hereinafter “
Contractual Documents
“) in relation to the use of the Services;
have read and accept, without reservation, all the provisions and clauses set out in this document, which are reproduced in full below.
It is understood that, for the purposes of this agreement, these Terms and Conditions include any notes, legal notices, disclosures or disclaimers, including the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, posted on the Platforms, as well as the terms referred to through links herein.
In the event that you do not wish to accept all or part of these Terms and Conditions and/or all or part of its Annexes, or any other notes, legal notices, disclaimers or Policies published on the Platforms, please do not use the Step product and related services, and contact us if you have any doubts or need clarification.
1. Definitions
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, the terms listed below shall have the meaning ascribed to each of them:
Annex(es)’
: identifies the documents annexed to this document and, likewise, all legal documents related to this document such as, but not limited to: the Privacy Policy, the Referral Rules and also all other legal documents related to Step and its Services that can be consulted on the Site and/or the Application.
‘Applications’:
are artefacts consisting of Software and Content that Users use on their devices and that enable Users to use the Services on certain configurations of devices. In the singular Application, the Young Platform Step product is accessible via the Mobile Application only.
‘Young Platform Application’
: identifies both the web platform and the mobile application named “Young Platform” and accessible exclusively from the following domain
www.youngplatform.com
and/or through the mobile application of the same name, which differs from the Step App by the absence of the wording “Step” and/or through access to the “Young Platform PRO” expert platform
www.pro.youngplatform.com
.
User Area’
: is the environment where the User can consult the Resources functional to the provision of the Services. This User Area is accessible exclusively by the User using the Access Codes.
‘
Gift Card
‘: means a purchase voucher issued by the Company on behalf of the User, represented by a unique code/identifier, shown on any physical or digital medium attesting to the authorisation in favour of an identified party and redeemable within a maximum of 365 days from the day of issue. Gift card regulations are always available on the Site.
Access Codes
‘ or ‘
Credentials
‘: the username and password that are assigned to the User when the User joins the Registration Service and that are managed by Young or, if the User uses Third Party Access Codes, by the third party that provides them.
‘
Third Party Access Codes
‘: usernames and passwords managed by a third party that makes available features that allow these usernames and passwords to be used by the Interfaces to be identified by Young using the Registration Service.
‘
Content
‘: text, images, audio and/or video recordings, data and/or information, including personal data, in any format (file or other byte sequence) that is transmitted, copied, sent, and/or otherwise processed by Users using the Services or by Young and/or otherwise made available to Users. Each of the Content shall also be referred to as ‘Content’.
‘Interfaces’
: interfaces (web, Applications or other) running on certain configurations of certain devices through which Users can use the Services by connecting to Resources via the Internet. Each Interfaces shall also be referred to as an ‘Interface’.
‘Wallet’
or ‘
Wallet
‘: means the wallet in the Step App belonging to each registered User because it is associated to their User Area, necessary for the use of the Services and specific for the safekeeping of the Young token (YNG)
‘Privacy Policy’
: the privacy policy that the User approves before using the Services that involve the processing of his/her personal data.
‘
Profile
‘: means the personal profile created by each User in the specific ‘Profile’ section, following registration, and is associated with personal data and email.
Registration
‘: is the registration process that the User must carry out in order to access the Service and the User Area. This process is analytically described in this document’s ‘Registration’ section.
Rewards’
and ‘
Referrals
‘, awards specifically indicated in the User Area and commensurate with the User’s own activities within the gamification logic of the Step App and/or against recommendations or referrals to third parties to contact the Company for the quality and performance of its products and services. The methods, rules and limits for redeeming Referrals are identified in the appropriate Annexes that can be consulted on the Site or the Application.
Resources
‘: hardware, Software and Content appropriately configured by Young and accessible through the Internet using the interfaces that make the Services available.
‘
User’s Purpose
‘: the purpose of using the Services to learn, enjoy, and receive YNG Tokens as an allocation.
‘
Services
‘: the Young Platform Step service, the Browsing Service, the Registration Service, the Additional Services (described
below
) and the other services Young offers through the Resources. Each of the Services shall also be referred to as a ‘Service’.
‘
Software
‘: any set of instructions (programs and/or data) that a computer can interpret to direct the operation of its processor.
‘
Sites
‘ means the site owned by the Company and located at https://youngplatform.com/ and all related sub-domains, including the Academy, basic platform, and PRO platform.
‘
User(s)
‘: means cumulatively and indifferently: (i) all persons who browse the Site and/or who otherwise access the Step App, regardless of whether they are registered or not; and also (ii) any natural person, registered on the Step App, who uses, via the Mobile Application, the Services.
‘FIAT currencies
‘ means currencies that are legal tender and have the legal status of currency.
‘
YNG
‘ or ‘
Young Token
‘: a utility token issued by the Company on the terms provided for and indicated by it within the appropriate sections available on the Platforms.
‘
Young Platform
‘ or ‘
Company
‘: shall mean Young Platform S.p.A., with registered office in Via Francesco Cigna n.96/17, Turin (TO), postcode 10155 P. IVA. 11931440017, in the person of its legal representative pro tempore.
2. Object
These Terms and Conditions and its Annexes available on the Platforms govern the contractual relationship between Young Platform, the owner and proprietor of the Services, and each User.
The User’s acceptance of the Terms and Conditions and the Annexes is a prerequisite for his or her Registration and use of the Services.
The User declares that he/she has carefully read these Terms and Conditions and the Annexes before completing the Registration and starting to use the Service.
The User, without having to physically sign any paper form, may sign these Terms and Conditions and the Annexes after having completed entering the data required in the Form and finally selecting the “Register” button. The selection of the aforesaid button shall be understood as a subscription to all effects of the Terms and Conditions and the Annexes, as well as of the regulations contained therein.
By registering for the Service, the User accepts that Young Platform may send information via e-mail and/or SMS to facilitate the use of the Service.
3. Operation of the Service
Service Description
Young Platform operates in the information technology sector by offering its Users highly advanced technological solutions and tools, which enable the use of a series of functional services to understand, access and operate in the cryptocurrency sector and, more generally, through the use of blockchain.
In this regard, the company created the Step product to enable its users, through gamification systems and various types of educational activities, to acquire the skills and knowledge necessary to understand what cryptocurrencies are and how blockchain technology works.
In order to access the functionalities related to the Services, the User must correctly register with the Step App, it being understood that if the User does not complete the Registration
process
, he/she will not be able to access the Services.
Young Platform reserves the right to provide various promotional initiatives, such as, but not limited to, automatic access to the Bronze Club for Users who reach the highest level on the Young Platform Step application. For further details on this initiative, please refer to the section on Clubs and Promotional Initiatives in the Terms & Conditions – Young Club.
4. Registration, confirmation, activation verification
4. 1 Registration
Registration and, therefore, access to the Services is only possible after downloading the Step App from the Android (Play Store) or Apple (Apple Store) stores.
In order to access the Services, it is necessary to complete the Registration process on the Step App, thereby creating your own Profile. In this regard, during Registration, when filling in the appropriate Form, the User will be asked to enter some or all of the following data:
personal data (name, surname, country of residence);
Credentials, i.e. e-mail and password chosen by the User in order to access the personal profile.
Users shall be solely responsible for the truthfulness and up-to-dateness of such information.
4.2 Credentials
The Credentials chosen by the User during Registration must always be used by the User to access the Step App and to use the Services. The User is required to maintain the secrecy and security of their Credentials.
The User may not disclose her/his Credentials to third parties and is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information relating to her/his Profile, in particular her/his Credentials. The parties mutually acknowledge that the User is solely responsible for handling any data or in any case, any Young Platform request, or mechanism, or validation tool, or double authentication, or similar, aimed at enabling the relative remote identification of the User, and aimed at preventing any form of abusive access to the Account.
In the event of credentials being compromised, the User must promptly notify Young Platform by writing to
support@youngplatform.com
so that the Account can be suspended and unauthorised transactions avoided.
Accordingly, the User accepts the obligation to bear any risk, prejudice, negligence, error, damage, cost or burden, none excluded, which Young Platform may suffer as a result of the User’s inadequate custody and preservation of the Credentials due to improper or negligent use of any data, or in any case, at any request of Young Platform or validation or dual authentication mechanism or tool or similar
Users also undertake to promptly update the data provided during Registration in the event of subsequent changes and variations.
4.3
Activation
If no irregularities and/or formal inconsistencies are found at the end of the Registration process, Young Platform will send the User a written communication via e-mail confirming the successful Registration (the “
Confirmation Communication
“).
The Confirmation Notice will contain a link that the User must click on to confirm his or her email and thus gain access to the Step App to proceed to use the related Services.
It is understood that the Company, prior to the Confirmation Notice, reserves the right to decide at its own discretion whether to definitively accept and, therefore, authorise the contractual relationship with the applicant only after the successful outcome of the phase of verification of the truthfulness and correctness of the data entered during Registration (the “
Verification
“). Young Platform, at the end of the Verification phase, through the Confirmation Notice, will then inform the User of the successful activation of the Services (the “
Activation
“).
The Company reserves the right to refuse a User’s Registration if it is reasonable to believe that he/she will not comply with the Terms and Conditions and/or the Annexes or, also, if irregularities and/or inconsistencies are found during the Registration phase prior to verification.
5. Services
5.1 Service Elements
The following services are included in these Terms and Conditions:
‘Browsing’
: Service enabling Users to use Resources to access Content made available by Young through the graphical interfaces in the Step App.
‘
Step Young Platform Service’
: consisting of a Service enabling the User to accumulate YNG by participating in the gamification logic and the Reward and Referral programmes in the Step App.
‘
Additional Services
‘: Service enabling Users to purchase unlimited lives boost (the “
Boost
“) through the use of YNG Tokens accumulated on Young Platform Step. The Boost allows the User not to lose any lives while using the
features
in the Step App for 1 hour. Once the hour has elapsed, the User will have the opportunity to re-purchase the Boost indefinitely, paying the same cost each time.
‘
Registration Service’
: This service enables users to use their credentials to be identified by Young, access resources, and use the services.
To use the Services, the User must be of legal age and must have the capacity to enter into a binding contract.
The User may use the Young Platform Step Service and the other Services whenever they are available via the Interfaces.
The User shall bear all costs of connection to the Internet network of the device from which the User uses the Services.
If, during the procedure or even afterwards, the User detects any errors and/or malfunctions, the User may write to Young Platform at the email address available on the Site or available in the Mobile Application.
The Young Platform Step Service works as follows:
The User installs the Application made available by Young on his/her device.
The Application assigns the User a certain amount of YNG that is calculated concerning the number of steps walked daily by the User or to the other gamification logics present (by way of example but not limited to: “challenges”, “up&down”). In particular, the Application acquires from the sensors and functionalities of the device the number of steps walked daily by the User and the amount of YNG that is allocated to the User is calculated by dividing, among all the Users who use the Application on a given day, the number of YNG distributed that day and which is therefore:
increasing as the number of steps the user takes that day increases;
decreasing as the number of Users using the Application participating in the YNG allocation that day increases.
Young Platform reserves the right to specify that the accumulated steps are not always gained through physical activity, such as walking, but may also be partially gained through other methods (e.g., but not limited to, the multiplier).
Thus, what determines the assignment of steps is their functionality and not the acquisition method used.
Further details on how to calculate the amount of YNG allocated to the User are available in the “News” section of the Site and the Mobile Application.
In particular, the Services provided through the Step App and which are the subject of the assignment given by the User make it possible to
accumulate YNG (Young) from Young Platform S.p.a through the use of the Step App and its features.
use YNG (Young) of Young Platform S.p.a. through the Additional Services (by way of example but not limited to: the Boost).
send accumulated YNG tokens to the Young Platform using the withdrawal procedure set out in 5.2 below.
Young Platform reserves the right, at any time, to change the procedures and operation of the Step app, to modify the Services, to introduce new methods of use, new conditions of use and additional obligations relating to the use of the Services. These changes will be communicated both on the Step App and by email to the User at the address associated with the account. It is understood that such changes on the part of the Company are discretionary and may also affect the method of calculating the allocation of YNG Tokens.
The User acknowledges that the quotations relating to FIAT Currencies and cryptocurrencies that may be indicated within the Step App are the most up-to-date and available at the time they are displayed on the Step App, but may not correspond to the quotation of the same FIAT Currency or cryptocurrency.
The Services, or any feature or part thereof, may not be available in all languages or in all countries, and Young Platform makes no warranty that its Services, or any feature or part thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any particular country or location.
6. 5.2 Withdrawal Procedure
After logging into the Step App, following the indicated login procedure and entering their Credentials, the User will access the Wallet section. The balance of that Wallet must be positive and within the minimum limits in order to request a withdrawal. The extent of the minimum limits is identified in the documents available on the Company’s website.
In order to transfer YNG tokens from the Step App, you must first create an account on the Young Platform Application, according to the Young Platform Terms and Conditions, pass identity verification (hereinafter ‘
KYC
‘) and:
link the two accounts
(this procedure can be carried out by interconnecting the two Applications from the “Profile” section on the Young Platform Application);
pay (in one of the permitted ways) a
minimum
amount
of 20€ (in Euro)
on Young Platform;
complete a first cryptocurrency
trading transaction
with a
minimum amount of 20€
on Young Platform.
It is understood that the procedure set out under 2. and 3. shall not be necessary if you already have an account on the Young Platform Application.
It should be noted that after completing the obligatory steps for Registration, the finalisation of the possibility to withdraw will take place
at midnight of the same day
and, therefore, only from the
following day will it
be possible to send YNG tokens from the App Step to the Young Platform Application.
5.3 Referral Programmes
Young Platform Step may from time to time run referral programmes (the “
Referral Programmes
“), in order to promote the Young Platform brand, the use of the Step App and/or the Young Platform Application and/or other Services to new potential customers through the sharing activities carried out by Users. Users using such Referral Programmes may receive discounts, vouchers or other types of rewards.
The duration, modalities of participation, rewards and specific details of the Referral Programmes will be indicated in the individual Referral Programmes’ regulations when activated. In order to participate in the Referral Programmes, Users must read and accept the individual regulations that will be made available on the Step App and/or the Site.
7. User Declaration and Commitments
By registering for the Step App, the User represents and warrants:
that I have read, understood and accept the content of each of the covenants herein and, more generally, the Terms and Conditions and its Annexes as a whole;
I have read and accept the individual policies published in the Site’s footer and within the Step app’s Profile section;
to be at least 18 years of age, as the age of majority is required for registration on the Step app by natural persons. Minors may not use the Services on the Step App;
to be in the full capacity to accept these Terms and Conditions as well as its Annexes, including the additional policies in the Step App Profile and in the footer of the Site;
to use the Step app exclusively for the use of the Services;
to be a natural person resident in a country not subject to exclusion from the use of the Services pursuant to anti-money laundering legislation;
the accuracy of the information provided. The User must provide all information requested when creating an Account or when prompted by any screen displayed within the App Step. The User represents and warrants that all information provided is accurate and complete.
8. Obligations of the User
The User who provides the Company with the personal information requested also undertakes to keep this information up to date, guaranteeing its truthfulness, completeness and accuracy for the entire duration of the use of the Service and in general for the entire duration of the use of the Young App.
The Company will process and use all of the User’s registration data in compliance with anti-money laundering (AML) and privacy regulations, as well as with the confidentiality and security rules laid down by law, as indicated in the policies adopted by the Company and always available in the footer of the Site or in the Step App.
The User undertakes to comply with the provisions of applicable law, regulations and rules of ethics and good use of network services.
In particular, the User undertakes not to:
use the Step app in a way that causes or may cause damage to the Step app itself or may impair its performance, availability or accessibility;
grant third parties access to their own Profile and/or other features of the Step app;
violate applicable laws or simulate purchase negotiations and/or engage in unfair business conduct;
not to use Referrals improperly and/or contrary to the law, these Terms and Conditions and/or the purpose for which they were intended or, moreover, with the intention of circumventing the limits imposed by the Company for the redemption of the same;
not induce third parties to engage in activities in violation of these Terms and Conditions, its Annexes and/or the Act;
use the Step app in a way that is contrary to these Terms and Conditions, or unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful or in connection with any purpose or activity that is unlawful, illegal or fraudulent;
use the Step App to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material consisting of or linked to computer viruses, spyware, Trojan horses, worms, keystroke loggers, rootkits or any other malicious software;
conducting any systematic or automated data collection activities concerning or in relation to the Step app without the express written consent of Young Platform, except for collection operations required by the use of the API;
access or otherwise interact with the Step app using robots, spiders or other automated means;
circumventing, circumventing or attempting to circumvent the procedures on the Step app or any restrictions on access to the Step app itself;
perform actions that may cause an unreasonable overload on our technological infrastructure and that may interfere with the proper use of the Step app by other users;
alter, modify or distribute any material on the Step app to third parties.
It is understood that in the event of a breach of one or more of the aforementioned obligations, Young Platform shall be entitled to proceed at its sole discretion with the temporary suspension and/or unilateral termination of the defaulting User’s Profile. In the event of a unilateral termination of the User’s Profile due to one or more violations of these Terms and Conditions or the Annexes, the User shall lose the right to redeem YNG Tokens, as well as the right to transfer YNG Tokens in accordance with clause 5.2.
9. Electronic Communications
All communications provided for and/or permitted under these Terms and Conditions shall be made electronically, by e-mail and/or pec and/or by publishing notifications, banners, notices and communications on the Step App.
The Users expressly acknowledge and accept that notices, disclosures, and other communications provided by Young Platform in electronic form satisfy the written form requirement, as provided by law.
10. Copyright and Intellectual Property
All content present on or made available to Users through the Step App and/or the Services in the form of text, graphics, designs, logos, icon buttons, images, audio files, digital downloads, data and software collections, directories or other databases, as well as the App itself and/or the Services, are the property of the Company or its content and/or service provider partners and are protected by Italian laws and international laws on copyright, intellectual property rights, industrial law and database rights.
Without our written consent, you may not systematically extract and/or re-use data or parts of the Services and/or the Step App. In particular, you may not use data mining, robots or similar acquisition or extraction devices to extract (one or more times) for re-use any substantial part of any Service without our express written consent. Under no circumstances shall you be entitled to create and/or publish by any means content that reproduces, even in part, elements of the Step App or the Services, without the Company’s express written consent.
11. Brands and Logos
The graphic material, logos, page headers, icon buttons, fonts and service marks included in or made available through the Step App and/or any of the Services offered by Young Platform are trademarks or distinctive signs of the Company. The Company’s trademarks and service marks may not be used, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, in connection with any website, app, product or service that is not Young Platform’s in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits the Company. All other trademarks not owned by the Company that appear on any of the Services on the Step App are the property of their respective owners, who may be in any way connected or related to the Company.
12. Licences
The proprietary rights to the content, including text, graphics, photographs and anything else published on the Step App, including educational content (the “
Content
“), are the sole property of Young Platform or Young Platform, which lawfully owns all rights of use and/or exploitation.
13. Limitations of liability
The Company makes every effort to ensure that access to the Services is provided without interruption and that any data transmission is error-free. However, due to the nature of the Internet, uninterrupted access and error-free transmission cannot be guaranteed. In addition, access to the Services may also occasionally be suspended or restricted to allow for repair or maintenance work or the introduction of new activities or services.
Young Platform shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions if the delay or failure arises from unforeseeable circumstances or force majeure. Although the Company has structured a careful selection process for its Business Partners, it does not guarantee the quality of third-party products or services that may be used through the Step App.
The Company cannot be held liable for any inefficiency caused by its partners and/or suppliers, even if used through the Step App. The User acknowledges that all information provided by Young Platform or otherwise present on the Step App shall not be considered an invitation or solicitation to buy or sell cryptocurrency.
In no event shall the Company’s failure to exercise its right to take action against Users who fail to comply with one or more of the obligations of these Terms and Conditions be construed or considered as a waiver of the Company’s rights, including its right to take action.
In this regard, it is recalled that tolerance of non-performance and/or partial performance does not constitute a waiver of the exercise of the underlying right and, likewise, the waiver of the exercise of a right shall in no event result in the loss of further rights hereunder.
It is also recalled that if an agreement is declared null and void due to a change in the law, such nullity will not affect the validity of the entire underlying contract unless the provision that has become null and void is, by its very nature, the basis of the customer’s purpose.
14. Amendments and additions to these Terms
Young Platform reserves the right, at any time, to amend, supplement and/or cancel, in whole or in part, the Services, the Annexes, the policies, these Terms and Conditions and any content or documents ancillary thereto in order to offer new products or services or to adapt to market requirements or legal and regulatory provisions.
In the case mentioned above, Young Platform undertakes to notify Users of contractual changes by publishing a notice on the
Step app’s homepage (including through
appropriate banners) and on the page where these Terms and Conditions are published. The User undertakes to regularly check the Terms and Conditions as well as its Annexes, and expressly agrees that their use of the Step app, following the notification of changes to the documentation, constitutes an unequivocal manifestation of acceptance of the same.
Should a User not wish to accept the changes to the Terms and Conditions or to the Annexes, he/she may at any time request the deletion of his/her Profile by following the procedure available in his/her Personal Area of the Step app from the “Profile” section, clicking on “Settings” and “Delete Account”.
The User has 30 days to
contact Support
to reactivate the account. Once the 30 days have expired, reactivating the account will no longer be possible, and all accumulated YNG will be lost.
Should any provision of these terms and conditions be held invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, such condition shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the other provisions.
15. Interruption of access to the Step app
Access to the Step App may be temporarily interrupted in the event of technical problems or to ensure its maintenance or even for external reasons not dependent on or arising from the Company. Notice of such interruptions will be given, if possible, on the Step App or by email, to the email address used by the User during registration or otherwise linked to the Account.
The Company may at any time make improvements and/or changes to the Step App and the Services if this becomes necessary for technical reasons or to comply with current legislation.
The Company reserves the right in any case to interrupt access to the Step app in whole or in part, even without prior notice, without Users being entitled to any form of indemnity, penalty or reimbursement for this reason.
16. Withdrawal, termination and suspension
15.1 Withdrawal by
the User
Users may terminate these Terms and Conditions at any time by deleting their Profile from the Step App using the “Delete Account” button on the “Profile” > “Settings” page of their Account and all accumulated YNG will be lost.
15.2
Account
suspension
The Company shall also have the right, at its sole discretion, to suspend and/or terminate the User’s access to the Step App in the following cases:
the User has provided false, incomplete, incorrect or misleading information (including, without limitation, any registration data) or has engaged in fraudulent or unlawful conduct;
unauthorised or fraudulent use of the profile associated with the User or of their payment details is detected or reported;
in the event of a breach of the User’s obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
In the event of any of the cases provided for in this paragraph, the Company shall inform the User of the suspension of their account and shall also notify the User by email to the address associated with the account of the violations detected or, in any case, the reasons for the suspension, where possible, before the suspension takes place or at the latest just after the suspension, except in cases where such notification could compromise the security measures or is prohibited by applicable law. The Company will only reactivate the User’s account if the User has remedied the alleged violations within the period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of receipt of the notice of suspension if this is possible. Otherwise, the Terms and Conditions, as well as its Annexes, shall be deemed to be terminated by right according to Article 1454 of the Italian Civil Code. In this case, the Company shall notify the User in writing and the provisions of paragraph 15.3 below shall apply.
Any request for Account reactivation must be emailed with the subject “Account reactivation” sent to support@youngplatform.com. The Company reserves the right to decide at its sole discretion to reactivate the suspended Account.
15.3 Withdrawal by
the Company
The Young Platform Step Service shall be in operation until, at its sole discretion, Young shall terminate the Young Platform Step Service by notifying its Users and allowing them, if possible, to transfer the accumulated YNG to the online platform managed by the Company. It is understood that the Company, in terminating the relationship with its Users, shall do everything useful and necessary to ensure that the least inconvenience is caused to the same when terminating the relationship.
In the event of violations of these Terms and Conditions, the Company reserves the right in all cases to take the appropriate legal action, both civil and criminal, to protect its own rights and interests and the rights of third parties, as well as to initiate the deletion of the account.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a User does not use her/his account linked to the Profile for a period of at least 12 (twelve) consecutive months, the Company may delete the associated Account.
For this clause, “use of the Account” shall mean any of the following actions: accessing the Step Application; participating in gamification mechanisms and the Reward and Referral programs; using Additional Services (such as purchasing the Boost); withdrawing YNG; updating Profile information.
Before proceeding with the deletion of the Account, the Company shall send the User a notice via email to the address associated with the Account at least fifteen (15) days before the scheduled deletion date. The notice shall inform the User of the possibility to keep the Account active by performing one of the aforementioned actions within fifteen (15) days.
If the User fails to respond within the specified timeframe, the Account shall be deleted, and all accumulated YNG shall be forfeited.
17. Contact
For all needs, please contact Young Platform S.p.A, Via Francesco Cigna n.96/17, Turin (TO), postal code 10155 or the following e-mails: admin@youngplatform.com
or
support@youngplatform.com
18. Assignment of contract
Young Platform reserves the right to transfer, assign, dispose of by novation or contract out all or any of its rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions and/or the Annexes, provided that the rights of the Users hereunder shall not be affected.
The User may not assign or transfer in any way its rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions without the written permission of Young Platform.
19. Applicable law and jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions, together with the policies and Annexes, are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Italian law and applicable European law.
Considering the nature of “Consumer” attributable to the Users, under the distance contract regulations provided for and regulated by Articles 50 to 61 of Legislative Decree 206/2005 (Consumer Code), any dispute concerning or in any case related to the interpretation and application of these Terms and Conditions and/or for any breach or inefficiency attributable to the Company and the related disputes shall be devolved to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Judicial Authority of the place of residence or domicile of the User-Consumer.
Last modified on
12
.02.2025
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://youngplatform.com/en/legal/:
Home
Legal & Privacy
Legal & Privacy
Young Platform adheres to the aims and indications of the Self-Regulatory Code which it has imposed on itself as a joint-stock company. This is in order to carry out all the functional and prodromal obligations for the establishment of a governance system in line with the principles contained therein. This section contains all the documentation in terms of conditions of use, privacy and related information.
Select Category
Documents
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Read
Can't find what you're looking for?
Contact us