Home
Privacy Policy
"Catsbit Games" respects the privacy concerns of all users of its Games, Websites and related Services. "Catsbit Games" does not target its Games, Websites and related Services to users under the age of 13.
By using our Games, Websites and related Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing, collection, use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Games, Websites and related Services.
Throughout our Games, Websites and related Services, we may collect ‘non-personal data’. This is data which does not identify you directly, but may be ‘aggregated’ with other data to help us improve our Games, websites and related Services and otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
OUR POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
"Catsbit Games" does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service.  If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us. By using our Games, Websites and related Services, you represent that you are at age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed our Games, Websites and related Services and agreed to use these.
All of our games are made for people who are at least 13 years of age.
Please note:
You can find published age recommendations on: Apple’s App Store on iTunes and Google Play. However, these age or maturity classifications refer only to the content in our games (similar to movie ratings G, PG or PG-13 in the U.S., but related to gameplay, animations, etc.). For more on how these categories are defined, visit these support websites for
Apple
and
Google
.
For more information on how to protect children online, please visit
this link
.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHY DO WE COLLECT IT FROM YOU?
‘Personal Information’ is information or an opinion that identifies you as an individual. We collect and store your email, where you nominate to specifically allow our games to collect your email. If you contact us directly for any reason, we may also keep a copy of that correspondence. Your email is collected only to keep you informed of new "Catsbit Games" products and changes to our existing products.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Sensitive information is defined in the US Privacy Act (1974) to include information or opinion about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
"Catsbit Games" will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
We don’t guarantee website links or policy of authorised third parties and you access those sites at your own risk.
INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING
When you use our apps, third parties may collect data about your mobile device and how you use our apps in order to serve ads on other apps or websites that are tailored to your interests, a practice known as “interest-based advertising.” Examples of data that may be collected can include: IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, how you use our apps, items you put in your basket, or any links you click on when you are in our apps. You have a choice about participating in interest-based advertising. If you wish to opt out, please use one of the following methods:
For instructions on how to “Limit Ad Tracking” in the iOS, please visit
this link
.
For instructions on how to “Opt out of interest-based ads” in Android OS, please visit
this link
.
COLLECTION OF OTHER ‘NON-PERSONAL’ INFORMATION
Though "Catsbit Games" itself does not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web, our websites and apps may contain APIs from third parties.
Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
AdMob:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Unity Ads:
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy/
POLICY UPDATES
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at
http://catsbit.com/privacy
. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
COMPLAINTS
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy at the address below.
PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
catsbit.dev@gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
Sub-policy 1
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools