BUY YOUR TICKET AND LOCATE YOUR ANDBUS AT ALL TIMES
Descarrega l'app en
IOS
/
Android
Are you familiar with the
Andbus Prime
subscription?
Privacy, data protection and confidentiality policy
Collection and processing of personal data
This web site does not collect any personal information without your consent, or are transferred to third parties. The data requested from users is strictly necessary and essential to provide a response or effective service delivery to the user. Likewise, the purpose of collecting your data, the controller, the address where you can exercise your rights and the duration of data retention is specified at the privacy notice related to the option or service that you use. Personal data contained in this website , Email, WhatsApp will be treated solely and exclusively for the purpose described the privacy notice, and not used for any other purpose.
Users' rights
At any time users are entitled to obtain confirmation of the existence of processing of personal data, content, origin and also the exercise of any rights of access, opposition, rectification or erasure, under of Law 28/2021 qualified personal data protection, on 28 october 2021. These rights can be exercised before * Novatel S.A.U You may exercise your rights of access, rectification, deletion and opposition by writing (info@andbus.net) or Av. de la Borda Nova,15 AD500 Andorra la Vella the data controller and owner of the files where the personal data.
Duration of data storage
The data will be stored for a maximum period of 6 months, if the client does not state otherwise. Once this period is reached, they will be destroyed.
Links
This privacy policy applies solely to the information contained in this website www.andbus.net, rather than data collected from other web sites that eventually can be found through the links, or links elsewhere Web www.andbus.net
Cookies
Under no circumstances use cookies (* cookies) for the acquisition of personal data identifying the user or their IP addresses are recorded. The use of cookies (* cookies) is reserved exclusively to provide the user with access to the website and for statistics.
Legislation
The privacy of all information provided, both provided by the user through the means of requesting personal data, such as accessible through the web site is governed by Law 28/2021 qualified personal data protection, 28 October 2021 , and its implementing regulations.
Site developed by