​​PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE APPLICATION «
ARABIC ALPHABET FOR KIDS»
​
​
DECEMBER 18, 2020.
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the «Privacy Policy») applies to all information that the mobile application «ARABIC ALPHABET FOR KIDS» located in App Store can receive about the User while using the above application.
Our mobile application «ARABIC ALPHABET FOR KIDS» is hereinafter simply an application:
— No built-in purchases, except those listed on App Store.
The anonymous information we (the developers) and Unity company can get about you includes: some or all of the following information about your device: unique device identifiers (Android ID for Android devices); IP address; country of install (mapped from IP address); device manufacturer and model platform type (Android) and the operating system and version running on your system or device; language; CPU information such as model, the number of CPUs present, frequency, and instruction set support flags; the graphics card type and vendor name; graphics card driver name and version (e.g., “nv4disp.dll 6.10.93.71”); which graphics API is in use (e.g., “OpenGL 2.1” or “Direct3D 9.0c”); amount of system and video RAM present; current screen resolution; version of the Unity Editor used to create the game; sensor flags (e.g., device support for gyroscope, touch pressure or accelerometer); application or bundle identification (“app ID”) of the game installed; as well as events completed or actions taken within the game, including level, number of credits, time it took you to earn them, metadata about in-game communications and the value and details of purchases; and a checksum of all the data that gets sent to verify that it transmitted correctly.
However, our usage of this data is largely for the following purposes. For analytics, developers deliver the best game experience for you. In our analytics service, some of your data points will also be rolled up into an anonymized, aggregated format to help game developers make decisions about how they support their games. For example, if a game developer is considering phasing out support for an older version of iOS software, they may look at the total number of players currently using that version of iOS software to determine if they need to support that version in updates.  Another use on a per game basis is when a developer analyzes the numbers of players dropping out after a certain level.  The developer would use this information to look at the design of their game and re-assess if the game challenge is truly intuitive or needs some additional instruction for players.  This allows the developer to enhance the experience and retain the customers better.
This collection and use of data makes it possible for your experience to operate as expected by permitting you to do things like redeem rewards you have earned or return to where you left off in a game. Other Unity customers may have access to aggregated reports about game activity in general across a number of games. These reports are based, in part, on your game activities, but do not specifically identify you or your device. The reports described in this paragraph help developers make decisions on optimal methods to run the games they have made for you. For example, the developer may need to know the types of devices running the game to determine how to support game updates on an ongoing basis.
We are not responsible for any consequences of using our application, the occurrence of breakdowns in devices or their failure.
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. We will post any changes to the Privacy Policy on this page.
If you have any questions regarding our security policy, please write us:
duzakan@gmail.com
© 2017 «For kids».