General information
The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data are all data with which you can be personally identified. For detailed information on data protection, please refer to our data protection declaration listed below this text.
Data collection on our website
Who is responsible for data collection on this website?
The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. His contact details can be found in the imprint of this website.
How do we collect your data?
On the one hand, your data is collected when you provide it to us. This can be data that you enter in a contact form, for example.
Other data is automatically collected by our IT systems when the website is visited. These are mainly technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of the page call). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
What do we use your data for?
Part of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided without errors. Other data can be used to analyse your user behaviour.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You have the right to receive information free of charge at any time about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data. You also have the right to demand the correction, blocking or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint for this purpose and for further questions on the subject of data protection. Furthermore, you have the right of appeal to the responsible supervisory authority.
You also have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. Please refer to the Privacy Policy under "Right to limit processing" for details.
Analysis tools and third-party tools
When visiting our website, your surfing behaviour can be statistically evaluated. This is mainly done with cookies and with so-called analysis programmes. The analysis of your surfing behaviour is usually anonymous; the surfing behaviour cannot be traced back to you.
You may object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information about these tools and your options for objecting to them can be found in the following privacy policy.
General notes and compulsory information
Data protection
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the legal data protection regulations and this data protection declaration.
When you use this website, various personal data is collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how we do this and for what purpose.
We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties.
Note on the responsible body
The person responsible for data processing on this website is
Stepr-Online
Boothstraat 2a
3512 BW Utrecht
Niederlande
E-Mail: info@sneakerjagers.com
Responsible party is the natural or legal person who, alone or jointly with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke any consent already given at any time. All you need to do is send us an informal message by e-mail. The legality of the data processing carried out up to the time of revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
Right to object to data collection in special cases and to direct advertising (Art. 21 DSGVO)
If data processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6 paragraph 1 letter e or f of the DPA, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time for reasons arising from your particular situation; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The respective legal basis on which processing is based can be found in this data protection declaration. If you object, we will no longer process your personal data concerned unless we can demonstrate compelling reasons for processing which are worthy of protection and which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing serves the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims (objection in accordance with Art. 21 Par. 1 DSGVO).
If your personal data are processed for the purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such marketing, including profiling, insofar as it is linked to such direct marketing. If you object, your personal data will no longer be used for the purpose of direct marketing (objection under Art. 21 para. 2 DSGVO).
Right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority
In the case of infringements of the DPAs, the persons concerned have a right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of their habitual residence, place of work or place of the suspected infringement. This right of appeal is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies.
Right to data transferability
You have the right to have data which we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfilment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another responsible party, this will only take place to the extent that it is technically feasible.
SSL or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or enquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or TLS encryption. You can recognise an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information, blocking, erasure and correction
Within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right to obtain information free of charge at any time about your stored personal data, its origin and recipients and the purpose of the data processing and, if applicable, a right to correct, block or delete this data. For this purpose, as well as for further questions regarding personal data, you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. To do so, you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint. The right to restrict processing exists in the following cases:
• If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored with us, we usually need time to verify this. For the duration of the review, you have the right to request that we limit the processing of your personal data. If the processing of your personal data was/is carried out unlawfully, you can request that the data processing be restricted instead of deleted.
• If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data instead of deleting it. If you have lodged an objection under Art. 21 para. 1 DSGVO, a balance must be struck between your interests and ours. As long as it is not yet clear whose interests outweigh the interests of the parties concerned, you have the right to demand that the processing of your personal data be restricted.
• If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, such data, apart from being stored, may be processed only with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the European Union or a Member State.
Opposition to advertising e-mails
The use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for the transmission of not expressly requested advertising and information material is hereby contradicted. The operators of the website expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, e.g. via spam e-mails.
Data collection on our website
Cookies
Some of the Internet pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not damage your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognise your browser on your next visit.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
Cookies, which are necessary for the electronic communication process or for the provision of certain functions you require (e.g. shopping basket function), are stored on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimised provision of his services.
Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analysing your surfing behaviour) are stored, these will be treated separately in this data protection declaration.
Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
• Browser type and version
• Operating system used
• Referrer URL
• Host name of the accessing computer
• Time of the server request
• IP-Address
This data is not merged with other data sources.
These data are recorded on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 letter f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimisation of his website - for this purpose the server log files must be recorded.
Request by e-mail, telephone or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your enquiry including all personal data (name, enquiry) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We will not pass on this data without your consent.
This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 letter b DSGVO, insofar as your request is related to the fulfilment of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO), as we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us.
The data sent to us by you via contact enquiries will remain with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent for storage or the purpose for which the data was stored no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected.
Registration on this website
You can register on our website to use additional features on the site. We will only use the data entered for this purpose for the purpose of using the respective offer or service for which you have registered. The mandatory data requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise we will refuse registration.
For important changes, such as changes to the scope of the offer or technically necessary changes, we use the e-mail address provided during registration to inform you in this way.
The data entered during registration is processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). You can revoke any consent you have given at any time. All you need to do is send us an informal notification by e-mail. The legality of the data processing already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
The data collected during registration is stored by us for as long as you are registered on our website and is then deleted. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
Registration with Facebook Connect
Instead of registering directly on our website, you can register with Facebook Connect. This service is provided by Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland.
If you decide to register with Facebook Connect and click on the "Login with Facebook"/"Connect with Facebook" button, you will be automatically redirected to the Facebook platform. There you can log in with your usage data. This will link your Facebook profile with our website or our services. This link gives us access to your data stored on Facebook. These are above all:
• Facebook Name
• Facebook profile and cover picture
• email address registered with Facebook
• Facebook-ID
• Facebook friend lists
• Facebook Likes ("I like-me" information)
• Birthday
• Gender
• Country
• Language
This data is used to set up, provide and personalise your account.
Registration with Facebook Connect and the associated data processing procedures are based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). You can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future.
For more information, please refer to the Facebook Terms of Use and the Facebook Privacy Policy. These can be found at: https://facebook.com/about/privacy/ and https://facebook.com/legal/terms/.
Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process and use personal data only to the extent that they are necessary for the establishment, content or modification of the legal relationship (inventory data). This is done on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 letter b DSGVO, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual measures. We collect, process and use personal data on the use of our Internet pages (usage data) only to the extent necessary to enable or charge the user for the use of the service.
The collected customer data will be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
Social Media
eRecht24 Safe Sharing Tool
The content on our pages can be shared in social networks such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+ in accordance with data protection regulations. This page uses the eRecht24 Safe Sharing Tool. This tool establishes direct contact between networks and users only when the user actively clicks on one of these buttons. Clicking on the button constitutes consent within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO. This consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future.
This tool does not automatically transfer user data to the operators of these platforms. If the user is registered with one of the social networks, an information window appears when using the social buttons of Facebook, Google+1, Twitter & Co. in which the user can confirm the text before sending it.
Our users can share the contents of this site in social networks in accordance with data protection regulations without complete surfing profiles being created by the operators of the networks.
Facebook Plugins (Like & Share-Button)
Our pages integrate plugins from the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. You can recognise the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo or the "Like Button" ("Like") on our site. You can find an overview of the Facebook plugins here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you visit our pages, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook thereby receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click the Facebook "Like-Button" while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the contents of our pages on your Facebook profile. This enables Facebook to assign visits to our pages to your user account. We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook. You can find further information on this in the Facebook privacy policy at https://facebook.com/privacy/explanation.
If you do not want Facebook to be able to assign visits to our pages to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.
The use of the Facebook plugins is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the widest possible visibility in the social media.
Instagram Plugin
Functions of the Instagram service are integrated on our pages. These functions are offered by Instagram Inc, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.
If you are logged in to your Instagram account, you can link the content of our pages to your Instagram profile by clicking the Instagram button. This allows Instagram to associate your visit to our pages with your account. We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Instagram.
The Instagram plug-in is used on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the widest possible visibility in the social media.
Please refer to Instagram's privacy policy for more information: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/.
Pinterest Plugin
On our site we use social plugins of the social network Pinterest, which is operated by Pinterest Inc, 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103-490, USA ("Pinterest").
When you access a page that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Pinterest servers. The plugin transfers protocol data to the Pinterest server in the USA. This log data may include your IP address, the address of websites visited that also contain Pinterest functions, the type and settings of your browser, the date and time of your request, your use of Pinterest and cookies.
The use of the Pinterest plug-in is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the widest possible visibility in the social media.
For further information on the purpose, scope and further processing and use of the data by Pinterest, as well as your rights and options for protecting your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy ofPinterest: https://policy.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy.
Analysis Tools and Advertising
Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files which are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the use of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both his website and his advertising.
IP anonymisation
We have activated the IP anonymisation function on this website. This means that your IP address will be truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to the website operator in connection with the use of the website and the internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google.
Browser Plugin
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Opposition to data collection
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link An opt-out cookie is set to prevent the collection of your information on future visits to this site: Google Analytics disable.
More information on the handling of user data at Google Analytics can be found in the Google privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
Order processing
We have concluded a contract with Google for order processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
Demographic characteristics in Google Analytics
This website uses the "demographic features" function of Google Analytics. This allows reports to be generated that contain information about the age, gender and interests of the site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising by Google as well as from visitor data from third parties. This data cannot be assigned to a specific person.
You can deactivate this function at any time via the ad settings in your Google Account or generally prohibit the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section "Objection to data collection".
Storage duration
User and event-level data stored at Google that is linked to cookies, user IDs (e.g. User ID) or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) is anonymised or deleted after 14 months. Details can be found under the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196
Hotjar
This website uses Hotjar. The provider is Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta, Europe (Website: https://www.hotjar.com).
Hotjar is a tool to analyse your user behaviour on our website. With Hotjar we can, among other things, record your mouse and scroll movements and clicks. Hotjar can also determine how long the mouse pointer has remained in a certain position. Hotjar uses this information to create so-called heat maps, which can be used to determine which areas of the website the website visitor prefers to view.
We can also determine how long you stayed on a page and when you left it. We can also determine at which point you have interrupted your entries in a contact form (so-called conversion funnels).
In addition, Hotjar can be used to obtain direct feedback from website visitors. This function serves to improve the website operator's web offers.
Hotjar uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. They serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and safer. In particular, these cookies can be used to determine whether our website has been visited with a particular terminal device or whether the functions of Hotjar have been deactivated for the browser in question. Hotjar cookies remain on your end device until you delete them.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
The use of Hotjar and the storage of Hotjar cookies is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both his website and his advertising.
Deactivating Hotjar
If you wish to disable data collection by Hotjar, click on the following link and follow the instructions: https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
Please note that Hotjar must be deactivated separately for each browser or terminal device.
For more information about Hotjar and the data collected, please refer to Hotjar's privacy policy at Link: https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
Contract on order processing
We have signed a contract for contract processing with Hotjar to implement the strict European data protection rules.
Google AdSense
This website uses Google AdSense, a service for integrating advertisements. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", text files which are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of the use of the website. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). Through these web beacons, information such as visitor traffic on these pages can be evaluated.
The information generated by cookies and web beacons about the use of this website (including your IP address) and the delivery of advertising formats is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This information may be passed on by Google to contractual partners of Google. However, Google will not merge your IP address with other data stored by you.
The storage of AdSense cookies is based on Art. 6 para. 1 letter f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both his website and his advertising.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you agree to the processing of the data collected about you by Google in the manner and for the purpose described above.
Facebook Pixel
Our website uses the visitor action pixel of Facebook, Facebook Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook") to measure conversion.
This allows the behaviour of site visitors to be tracked after they have clicked on a Facebook ad to be redirected to the provider's website. This allows the effectiveness of Facebook Ads to be evaluated for statistical and market research purposes and future advertising measures to be optimised.
The collected data is anonymous for us as the operator of this website, we cannot draw any conclusions about the identity of the users. However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with the Facebook-Data Use Directive can use. This allows Facebook to allow advertisements to be placed on pages within Facebook and outside of Facebook. This use of the data cannot be influenced by us as a site operator.
The use of Facebook pixels is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in effective advertising measures including social media.
You will find further information on the protection of your privacy in the Facebook data protection information: https://facebook.com/about/privacy/.
You can also use the "Custom Audiences" remarketing feature in the Advertising Settings section of https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen deactivate. You must be logged in to Facebook to do this.
If you do not have a Facebook account, you can disable usage-based advertising from Facebook on the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance website: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/.
Newsletter
Newsletter data
If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we need an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to check that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided and that you agree to receive the newsletter. Further data is not collected or only collected on a voluntary basis. We use these data exclusively for sending the requested information and do not pass them on to third parties.
The data entered in the newsletter registration form will be processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). You can revoke your consent to the storage of the data, the e-mail address and its use for sending the newsletter at any time, for example by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
The data you provide us with for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and deleted after you cancel the newsletter. Data that has been stored by us for other purposes remains unaffected by this.
MailChimp
This website uses the services of MailChimp for sending newsletters. The provider is Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA
MailChimp is a service with which, among other things, the sending of newsletters can be organised and analysed. If you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter (e.g. e-mail address), this data is stored on the servers of MailChimp in the USA.
MailChimp is certified according to the "EU-US Privacy Shield". The "Privacy-Shield" is an agreement between the European Union (EU) and the US, which aims to ensure that European data protection standards are respected in the US.
With the help of MailChimp we can analyse our newsletter campaigns. When you open an e-mail sent with MailChimp, a file contained in the e-mail (so-called web-beacon) connects to the servers of MailChimp in the USA. This way it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links have been clicked on, if applicable.
Technical information is also collected (e.g. time of retrieval, IP address, browser type and operating system). This information cannot be assigned to the respective newsletter recipient. It is used exclusively for statistical analysis of newsletter campaigns. The results of these analyses can be used to better adapt future newsletters to the interests of the recipients.
If you do not want to receive any analysis by MailChimp, you have to unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose we provide a corresponding link in every newsletter message. Furthermore you can unsubscribe the newsletter directly on the website.
The data processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). You can revoke this consent at any time by unsubscribing to the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
The data you provide us with for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and will be deleted from our servers as well as from the servers of MailChimp after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Data, which were stored for other purposes remain unaffected by this.
You can find more details in the privacy policy of MailChimp under: https://mailchimp.com/legal/terms/.
Conclusion of a Data-Processing-Agreement
We have concluded a so-called "Data-Processing-Agreement" with MailChimp, in which we commit MailChimp to protect the data of our customers and not to pass them on to third parties.
Plugins and Tools
Google Web Fonts
This site uses so-called web fonts, which are provided by Google, for the uniform display of fonts. The Google Fonts are installed locally. There is no connection to Google servers.
Participation and privacy policy for competitions of Stepr-Online (Sneakerjagers)
Scope
This participation and privacy policy applies to all competitions run by Stepr Online.
Operator of the service Stepr Online
Stepr Online
Boothstraat 2a
3512 BW Utrecht
Netherlands
Declaration of participation
Any natural person who has reached the age of 18 years from the start of the competition is eligible to participate. Participation is free and voluntary.
The competitions are individually limited in time and space. The prizes are determined at random.
Online participation takes place when the specified, necessary steps have been taken.
Required data must be truthfully provided by the participant.
Stepr-Online does not accept any liability for products sent to you, except in the case of proof of intentional or grossly negligent action by Stepr-Online.
The advertised prize will only be raffled among the actual participants. The necessary information must be provided in full and in good time by the participant.
A cash payment of the prize value and an exchange are excluded. The prizes are not transferable.
The participant agrees that his/her first and last name and/or account name will be made public.
The winner's data will be used exclusively for the competition and will be completely deleted afterwards.
The competition is in no way connected to Instagram and Facebook. All other questions are directed to Stepr-Online.
Legal recourse is excluded.
Data protection
Stepr-Online requires personal data for the execution of a competition. To enable the product to be sent, the winner's data, e.g. full name and address and/or e-mail address, must be sent to Stepr-Online.
The data will not be passed on to third parties. After the end of the competition, the participant's data will be deleted.
Applicable law
The competition is subject exclusively to the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.
AFFILIATES DISCLAIMER
The website contains links to affiliate websites, and we receive an affiliate commission for any purchases made by you on the affiliate website using such links. Our affiliates include the following:
Awin, Webgains, Daisycon, Tradedoubler, CJ Affiliate, eBay, TradeTracker, Rakuten, Partnerize