PRIVACY POLICY
DATA CONTROLLER
WHAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
HOW WILL WE USE THIS DATA?
FOR HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
MARKETING PURPOSES
CHATBOT USAGE
TELEPHONE CALLS
TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION
COOKIES
SHARING AND PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DATA TRANSFERS OUTSIDE THE EEA
KNOW YOUR RIGHTS
POLICY CHANGES
1 PRIVACY POLICY
2 DATA CONTROLLER
3 WHAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
4 HOW WILL WE USE THIS DATA?
5 FOR HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
6 MARKETING PURPOSES
7 CHATBOT USAGE
8 TELEPHONE CALLS
9 TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION
10 COOKIES
11 SHARING AND PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
12 DATA TRANSFERS OUTSIDE THE EEA
13 KNOW YOUR RIGHTS
14 POLICY CHANGES
PRIVACY POLICY
In its everyday business operations, LV BET makes use of a variety of data about identifiable individuals, including data about you. By collecting and using this data, LV BET is subjected to a variety of regulations controlling how such activities are to be carried out and the safeguards that must be put in place to protect it.
This Privacy Policy defines the safe collection, storage, handling, processing, and sharing of personal data, including sensitive data and other non-personal data that LV BET legally obtains from you in connection with your use of LV BET services. This Privacy Policy applies to www.lvbet.com as well as to all LV BET Group’s other brands, websites, products, or services.
If you use LV BET services, you consent to the collection, storage, handling, processing, and sharing of your personal data under this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please refrain from accessing, using, or interacting with any LV BET services or another aspect of its business.
Please note that you should read this notice in full, with care, and in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions.
References to ‘us’, ‘we’, ‘our’ and “LV BET” refer to Fairload Limited. (Data Controller).
DATA CONTROLLER
The controller of your personal data is Fairload Limited, which is registered under the laws of the European Union member state of Malta. It has a registration number C71200 with a registered address at 115B, Old Mint Street, Valletta, VLT1515, Malta. You can contact us
here
. If you need more information or help with your Personal Data, contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@lvbet.com
.
WHAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
When you use our services, we may collect personal data, including but not limited to:
a. Your first and last name.
b. Your email address.
c. IP address.
d. Phone number.
e. Address.
f. Date of birth.
g. Gender.
h. Technical information about any devices you use to access our services or other technical information.
i. Information about your use of LV BET services, including information about when, how, and where you use the services.
j. When you register for an account, create, or modify your profile, set preferences, sign up for or make purchases through the services.
k. Information about your deposits and withdrawals.
l. Any other data that you provide to us through our services.
m. Any other data that you, at your own discretion, provide to us when you contact us (including special categories of personal data like your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data).
n. As part of the Customer Due Diligence process and following the law, LV BET can ask you for additional information or documents.
o. Data collected from third-party providers (private companies working mostly with public sources) to prevent money laundering, terrorism financing and to promote responsible gaming.
p. Data gathered by search of publicly available sources such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Google search, etc.
HOW WILL WE USE THIS DATA?
LV BET respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data and processing it in compliance with applicable laws, notably:
The Maltese Data Protection Act (Chapter 586 of the Laws of Malta) as well as the various subsidiary legislation;
The Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) - the 'GDPR';
Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing (4th EU AML Directive),
Gaming Act, 2018 (Cap. 583 of the Laws of Malta),
Any other data protection legislation or instrument in the territory or market of operation, as may be applicable under the territorial or extraterritorial scope of application.
Providing data for those purposes is obligatory. Data processing under these regulations serves for identification and verification purposes (to verify your age and other personal information as may be necessary and required by law), responsible gambling obligations imposed on licensed operators, anti-money laundering prevention and to complete compliance procedures imposed on LV BET.
Your data may also be processed when it is necessary to provide services to you under the performance of the contract we have with you, i.e.
To provide you with services covered by the operation of the LV BET website, to enable participation in interactive services, tournaments, and promotions in general;
For configuring and managing your user account;
To organise competitions, promotions, and bonuses (including contact with participants, evaluation of entries, distribution of prizes, payment of tax, etc).
For processing online payments.
To notify you about changes regarding our services.
To communicate with you and respond to your queries.
Providing those data is voluntary, however necessary to use our services. Without providing them, you won’t be able to use our Website.
You can also give your consent for processing your data for other purposes, i.e. for marketing purposes, to provide personalised marketing information and advertisements campaigns that LV BET displays on its website and third-party websites and/or services based on the combined data we have collected about you about the services that you order from LV BET or that may interest you. LV BET can send you emails or display pop-up messages about LV BET services and updates. In each case when your consent for processing is required we will inform you about the scope, nature, and purposes of the processing and ask for your consent. Providing those data is voluntary.
LV BET processes data also for its legitimate purposes, provided that none of these interests prejudice your rights, freedoms, and interests. I.e. for statistical purposes or to improve or modify LV BET services and policies.
LV BET can profile your personal data, which means that LV BET can use the information collected to tailor communications addressed to you.
LV BET does not use algorithms on your profiled data to make automated decisions that can affect your individual rights or any rights arising from the contract between LV BET and you. I.e. LV BET does not place automatic offers based on your behavior in the games.
However, LV BET is obliged by laws and licence conditions to monitor its players to identify people who may be experiencing, or are at risk of, developing gambling problems. Based on data describing unique players, a special algorithm provides us with an estimated probability of gambling addiction, allowing LV BET to interact with such players to offer help or support. Decisions based on predictions are not made automatically without human intervention.
FOR HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We will only keep your personal data stored for as long as is reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and legal obligations outlined in this Privacy Policy.
LV BET can store your personal data for a certain period after you cease being a customer, due to legal and licence provisions imposed on us. After this period, LV BET will either safely delete or anonymize your information – If deletion is not possible (because the data has been stored in backup archives) then we will securely store, isolate, and safeguard your information from any further use until deletion can be possible.
The criteria we use to determine what is 'necessary' depends on the nature of the particular personal data in question. We will generally retain your personal data for a maximum of five years from the closure of your account, last login or transaction if your account is not closed but remains inactive, unless otherwise specified in the applicable laws. In particular, there are some exceptions to this retention period:
If you are permanently self-excluded from any of our services, we will retain this information indefinitely;
If you are under investigation or where we have identified possible fraudulent or other criminal activity, we may retain your personal data for longer and as required to cooperate with the relevant authorities.
If there is a legal dispute, we will retain your personal data for at least the entire duration of the dispute and as may be required to defend our rights in any subsequent claim or proceeding arising from the same.
MARKETING PURPOSES
If you have signed up for services offered by us, we may send you direct marketing about other services offered by us or our Group or other casino providers, provided that you have given your consent to receive such marketing. Some of your personal data can be processed by our third-party marketing partners to allow us to communicate with you by phone, email, push notifications, SMS and to inform about prizes and/or gifts from suppliers, etc.
Consent for this processing can be changed in whole or in part at any time by going to ‘My Account’ settings. If you need more information about this, let us know
here
.
All our marketing communications will include instructions on how to opt out of receiving this specific type of marketing communications. It can take up to 72 hours for your request to be fully carried out.
We may also use information you provide to us to show you relevant advertising and personalized content about our services on certain  third-party social media platforms made available to us through relevant social media sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter). If you do not wish to see these advertisements, you can change your settings on the social media sites. If you do not want us to share your data with social media sites, you can contact us directly.
CHATBOT USAGE
LV BET uses an automated chatbot to enhance user experience by assisting with common inquiries and issues.
During initial interactions, the chatbot may collect non-personal information such as the type of question asked and general usage data. This information is used to improve the functionality and effectiveness of the chatbot.
The chatbot may request personal information like your email address to provide more personalized support and follow-up on specific inquiries. Personal information is only collected when explicitly provided by the user and with the user’s consent.
Before collecting any personal information, the chatbot will inform you of the specific data it intends to collect and the purpose of its use. You will be asked to provide explicit consent by affirmatively opting in.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. To withdraw consent, please get in touch with us via
support@lvbet.com
or follow the instructions provided by the chatbot.
Collected personal information will be used solely to provide assistance and support as requested by the user. Your email address will be used to follow up on your question and make sure you get the necessary support.
Personal data collected by the chatbot will be retained only as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or as required by law.
TELEPHONE CALLS
Telephone calls to and from our Customer Contact Centre can be recorded for training and security purposes, along with the resolution of any queries arising from the service you receive.
TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION
The two-factor authentication adds more security to your LV BET account.
Any attempts to log in to your LV account from a new device or country will be followed up with a 6-digit authentication code sent to your mobile phone number or email address provided upon registration. You will be required to enter the generated code upon your login attempt. To do so, just write the code from your mobile SMS or email into the field “Token”.
This procedure will protect your account from unusual activity or potential third-party access by keeping unknown people away, even if they have your password. If for any reason you do not receive the verification code, please contact our Customer Support.
COOKIES
LV BET and its third-party partners (advertising and analytics partners) use various technologies to collect information, such as cookies and web beacons and other technologies to improve and customize services, websites, and your experience; to allow you to access and use the services without re-entering your password; to understand usage of services and the interests of our customers; to determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon; and to present you with advertising relevant to your interests.
Where strictly necessary.
These cookies and similar technologies remember choices you make, such as language, search parameters or remembering you have logged in. LV BET uses these cookies to provide you with a tailored experience more appropriate to your selections.
For performance and analytics.
These cookies and similar technologies collect information on how users interact with the services and enable LV BET to improve how these services operate. LV BET uses Google Analytics cookies to help understand how visitors arrive at and browse our products and website to identify areas for improvement, such as navigation, user experience, and marketing campaigns.
Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies.
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits to make advertising relevant to your interests. They remember websites you have visited, and that information is shared with other parties such as advertising technology service providers and advertisers.
Social media cookies.
These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or ‘like’ button on our websites, link your account or engage with our content through a social media website. The social network will record such data, and it may be linked to targeting/advertising activities.
To opt out of our cookies' policy, you can instruct your browser by changing its options to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of our services. LV BET and its third-party partners also collect information using web beacons (also known as tracking pixels). Many browsers include their management tools for removing HTML5 local storage objects. Please note that you will not be able to opt out of any cookies or other technologies that are strictly necessary for the services.
SHARING AND PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
LV BET securely shares information with third parties that help LV BET operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market its services. LV BET will ensure that all relationships involving the processing of personal data are subject to a documented contract that includes the specific information and terms required by the GDPR.
LV BET works with its third-party partners and service providers to provide website and application development, games software, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis, and other services, that may require them to access or use information about you. These include software suppliers, payment systems providers, entities dealing with LV BET. If a service provider needs to access information about you to perform services on LV BET’s behalf, they do so under close instruction from LV BET, including policies and procedures designed to protect your information at all times.
If required by law, LV BET may disclose your information to the Police or other public authority – this includes, but is not limited to, the IP address and details of any suspected unlawful or dishonest activity, such as abuse of a given form of payment or security risk assessment.
We may share your Personal Data within the LV BET Group and with these other organizations:
a. Law enforcement agencies, regulators, and other legal authorities.
b. Credit reference agencies.
c. Fraud prevention agencies.
d. Identity verification agencies.
f. Organizations that introduce you to us.
g. Third parties you ask or allow us to share your data with.
h. Third parties necessary to provide products or services you have requested.
i. Third parties allow us to comply with the affordability rule (if applicable).
LV BET is part of a group of subsidiaries and affiliated companies engaged in providing online gambling services. Your data may be transferred by LV BET to the subsidiary or affiliated company to enable the provision of services to you or to improve the quality of these services. We assure you that each of the companies from the LV BET Group provides the same level of protection for your data. If LV BET is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we will continue to ensure the adequate level of security of your personal information.
DATA TRANSFERS OUTSIDE THE EEA
By agreeing to the transfer of your data to third parties, you also agree that third parties may be located outside the EEA. The privacy laws in these countries may not provide the same level of protection as in your country or EEA. Transfers of personal data outside the European Union will be carefully reviewed before the transfer takes place to ensure that they fall within the limits imposed by the GDPR. This depends partly on the European Commission’s judgment as to the adequacy of the safeguards for personal data applicable in the receiving country, and this may change over time.
If LV BET shares your data outside the EEA, LV BET will rely on European Commission adequacy decisions or standard EU contractual clauses which allow the transfer of your data and provide the right level of protection.
KNOW YOUR RIGHTS
You have rights under the GDPR. These consist of:
1. The right to withdraw the consent.
However, this will not invalidate any previously consented processing.
2. The right to be informed.
You have the right to be informed about how your personal data is processed and why.
3. The right of access.
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
4. The right to rectify.
Where personal data is inaccurate, you have the right to request a correction and also complete any incomplete personal data.
5. The right to be forgotten.
You can request us to erase your personal data where there is no lawful basis requiring us to continue processing this personal data. This right only applies in certain circumstances, given that legal obligations include data retention periods.
6. The right to restrict/object processing.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to object or restrict the processing of your personal data, where this processing is based on consent or our legitimate interest. However, despite your objections or wish to restrict processing, where there are compelling legitimate grounds or legal obligations, we would be required to continue said processing.
7. The right to data portability.
You have the right to request that your personal data be provided to you in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format (GDPR Article 20) and to transfer that data to another party. This applies to personal data for which processing is based on your consent and the processing is carried out by automated means.
8. Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
You have the right to not be subjected to automated decision-making when the decision has a significant effect on you; you can insist on human intervention where appropriate. You also have the right to express your point of view and contest decisions.
9. The right to withdraw.
You have the general right to withdraw the consent you have given us to process your personal data.
If you want to invoke any of your rights, please contact our customer support team by email on
SUPPORT@LVBET.COM
, describing your request.
10. The right to complain
You have a right to complain to the Office of the Information and Data Protection Commissioner by sending an application to
idpc.info@idpc.org.mt
or visiting Level 2, Airways House, High Street, Sliema SLM1549, Malta.
POLICY CHANGES
LV BET may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. LV BET encourages you to review the current Privacy Policy whenever you use services to stay informed about our data practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this Privacy Policy, you must refrain from using LV BET services and deactivate your account(s), as outlined above.
Last Updated – 15.08.2024