This privacy policy governs your use of the software application iVPN ("Application") for mobile devices that was created by MDC MEDIA CO.,LTD. The Application is a VPN client.
Does the Application collect my web browsing or application data when using your VPN service ?
No, the Application and the associated Servers absolutely do not collect any data pass through our VPN system
Is there any log in my browsing activity stored on your VPN servers ?
No, the Application and the associated Servers absolutely do not record any log of your online activity except the total bandwidth which is used to prevent abuse to our system
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used ?
To protect your online privacy, the Application will try to obtain as little information as possible. We do not even need your email, name or any personally identifiable information
Automatically Collected Information
However, to improve the quality of the service, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. All of this information is not personally identifiable.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if MDC MEDIA is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the IDFA of your mobile device, the IP Address of your mobile device. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled "Opt-out" below.
What are my opt-out rights?
There are multiple opt-out options for users of this Application:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at privacy@mdcgate.com.
Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers:
you may at any time opt-out from further by reseting device IDFA or purchasing a subscription plan which will disable advertising entirely.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at privacy@mdcgate.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@mdcgate.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@mdcmedia.mobi.