Privacy Policy
Last Modified 10 May 2021
Privacy Policy are updated in accordance with The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Check GDPR information
.
Content
1. Introduction
This is privacy policy, which explains how is collect, use and share data through  mobile applications, our pages or presence on third party websites (e.g., Facebook) and other platforms, websites products, offers and Services that we offer from time to time, all of which together we refer as “Services” or “Service”.
2. Collect of Personal Data
Your personal data is processing by company Tinysoft, s.r.o., ID: 45558345, registered office: 17. novembra 8 911 01 Trenčín, Slovakia (hereinafter only as „Administrator“). Administrator collects and process through the mobile applications the Player´s personal data. The mentioned apps are available here:
bit.ly/tinysoftapps
.
Personal data means any information from which the player can be directly or indirectly identified such as a name, location, email address, Facebook customer's id, Facebook friends, communication language, IP address, IDFV (id for vendor) or Android ID, advertisement ID, push notifications token, game history, network logs, avatar, cookie online identifier, gender, financial data, etc., (“
Personal Data
”). Your personal data are processed only to the extent strictly necessary, depending on the particular purpose of the processing, as defined in point 6.
3. Acceptance and Consent
Read this Notice carefully before using the Apps. By using or registering via the Apps, or submitting a query to the Company via the Apps or other means, including telephone or mail, you accept this Notice. If you do not accept this Notice, please don't use the Apps.
By registering for a user account that enables you to using the service, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information by Tinysoft in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy or If you do not want Tinysoft to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy please do not use the service.
4. Changes to the Privacy Policy
Tinysoft reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time for example to reflect updates to the Service or to reflect changes in the law. If we make a material change to the Privacy Policy, we will provide you with appropriate notice and will seek your consent to the updated Privacy Policy in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for those changes. Your continued use of the Service after the posting of changes constitutes your binding acceptance of such changes.
5. Information Collection and Use
Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Service, to administer and assist you in administering your Account on the Service, and to provide you with a better experience with the service.
We process your personal data for the following specified purposes:
The fulfilment of legal obligations by the Administrator
Provision of Services
Negotiations on a contractual relationship
Purposes contained within the data subject's consent
Administrator rights protection
Archiving based on legal regulations
Direct marketing
Customer service quality monitoring
Collect feedback from the market
6. Which Personal Data we collect
Data you provide to us: Contact information (such as full name and email address), profile information (such as age or gender or photograph), your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets), other data you choose to give us.
Data we collect automatically: Data about your account and in-game progress, your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID), data about your device, such as device manufacturer, model, operating system and language, general location data like country or city name, data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the games.
Data we receive from our partners: data we receive if you link your Facebook account with our game, data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising), data from platforms that the games run on.
Payment Information: Tinysoft may obtain the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by someone else (like Facebook, Apple or Google) such as when you purchase something in a game you play on a social network or that you downloaded on your mobile device.
Our Terms of Use
explain our policies and terms relevant to our charges, billing practices, third-party credits and virtual currencies.
If you purchase virtual currency or virtual items in a Tinysoft game, our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address and financial information.
Tinysoft does not collect or store your financial information, like credit card numbers. However, Tinysoft’s payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items purchased in order to fulfill your order.
7. Facebook Data Deletion Instructions URL
We do not store your personal data on our server. According to Facebook policy, we have to provide a User Data Deletion Callback URL or Data Deletion Instructions URL. We only store a player's progress due to the loss of a device or login from another device. If you continue to insist that your game or application progress be deleted, email us at:
support@tinysoft.sk
8. Information sharing practices
We do not share any information we collect (including your personal e-mail address) with third parties:
unless you authorized us to do so under the terms of this Privacy Policy;
or we believe in good faith that the disclosure of the information is required by any applicable law, regulation, court order, legal proceedings or governmental demand;
or it is required to handle security breach or fraud investigations, or to enforce the terms of our Terms of Use.
Otherwise we share your information with third parties with whom we have a business relationship such as advertisers, ad networks and analytics providers. The information shared with these third parties may be used for industry analysis, ad targeting, tracking ad conversions or demographic profiling, or other purposes related to providing the Services to you.
Also the Service may contain links to other websites and online Services (“Linked Sites”). The fact that we link to a third party website or service is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy policies or practices. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Linked Sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such Linked Sites. The operators of Linked Sites may collect information about you, and may use and disclose that information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the Linked Sites that you use.
9. Opt-In and Opt-Out Policy
You may “opt-out” of receiving certain types of communications at any time by contacting Tinysoft at: support@tinysoft.sk.
10. Cookies
Like many websites, Tinysoft and service providers acting on our behalf, like Google Analytics, store log files and use tracking technologies such as "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The service may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views a service. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of Tinysoft’s Service, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Service easier to use.
Third party advertisers on the Services may also use, place or read cookies or other technologies as described below on your browser, and those practices are subject to their own policies. Cookies can be disabled at any time by changing your web browser’s options to stop accepting cookies, to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit or limit the type of cookies you allow. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all features, portions or functionalities of the Service.
11. Personal data retention period
We keep your personal data for as long, as you actively use our Services, but no later than the expiration of the statutory accounting and tax laws. After the retention time, your personal information will be completely erased.
12. Protect the information
Tinysoft has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your information both online and offline from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, and we are committed to the protection of customer information. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
When you sign into your Tinysoft account or enter payment information, we or our third-party payment processor use secure socket layer technology ("SSL") to encrypt the transmission of that information. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and Tinysoft cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur and that third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
13. The rights of user
You are entitled to obtain information from us on how we handle your personal data, to see copies of all personal data held by us and to request that your personal data is amended, corrected or deleted from our systems. You can also limit, restrict or object to the processing of your data. We do not carry out any decision-making based solely on automated processing, including profiling. You can object to our use of your personal data where we stated we rely on our legitimate business interests to do so. We explained the legitimate interests we rely on in sections ‘Why do we collect your personal data’ above. If you would like to exercise any of your above rights, contact us using the contact details below.
14. California privacy rights (CCPA)
In addition to the rights as explained in this Policy, California residents who provide Personal Information (as defined in the statute) to obtain products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the Personal Information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in the current year will receive information about the prior year). To obtain this information please contact us.
15. Age requirement
We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to Personal Information we may collect from children and take many special precautions to protect the privacy of children. We do not require any Personal Information from them at any time. We encourage children to consult with their parents before submitting any information to any online resource. We believe parents should be involved in the online activities of their children and suggest that parents do their best to provide their children with a safe and friendly online environment.
You must be at least 17 years old to use the software (for all ,,Slots Casino“ apps you must be at least 18 years old). By accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use presented to you before downloading or presenting the Software and while using it, you represent that you are over 17 years old.  In the event that you are between the ages 17 and 18, your lawfully legal guardian must review and agree to the terms
of our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. We will not knowingly collect personal information from a user who is younger than 17 years old and, if we have reason to believe that you are younger than 17 years old, we will delete your information from our servers.
16. Third party services
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers
Appodeal
17. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@tinysoft.sk
.