Mat@MDickie.com
Privacy Policy
Most of the 
features in my games and websites are offered without collecting any Personal 
Information from you; however, some features require you to provide your 
Personal Information. For example, when you make a purchase you are required to 
submit Personal Information in connection with me providing various products and 
services to you. For those occasions that do require Personal Information to be 
collected, this Privacy Policy
discloses 
when and how we collect, use, share, and safeguard information from this website 
and the games connected to it. By using this website, you are agreeing to the 
terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any terms or practices 
described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the games or this website.
As used in 
this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means any information by which a 
particular natural person is reasonably identifiable. Personal Information 
includes, for example a first name or initial and last name; a home or other 
physical address; a date of birth; an e-mail address or other online contact 
information; or a telephone number. When Personal Information is collected, you 
will know because you will be providing it to us; for example, you may fill out 
a form on the website or submit information via your account or profile, or in 
connection with requesting various products or services. When you make a 
purchase or sign up for a paid service, we will also collect additional Personal 
Information such as your credit or debit card information or information 
concerning any other payment mechanism we accept (“Payment Information”). We 
will use Payment Information only as described in this Privacy Policy to process 
and complete the transactions you have requested.
We do not 
knowingly solicit, collect, use or retain any Personal Information, for any 
purpose whatsoever (including internal or external marketing or promotional 
purposes), from visitors to this website who are under the age of 13. In 
addition, we will delete any records of such Personal Information that come to 
our attention.
Social Media
T
he website and mobile 
applications may include Social Media Features, such as Facebook or Twitter 
links. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting 
on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. 
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted 
directly on our site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the 
privacy policy of the company providing it.
Locally Shared Objects
In order to track your use of our 
websites, "cookies" are employed. We – and our affiliates and advertising 
partners – use two types of cookies – so-called "browser cookies" and "Flash 
cookies." Browser cookies (also called "HTTP cookies") are pieces of information 
that are sent by websites and stored in your computer's hard drive, which 
provide you a service by allowing us to recognize your computer to save you from 
having to re-enter the same data every time you visit our websites. They also 
allow us and our affiliates and advertising partners to learn how visitors use 
our websites. This user data is aggregated for tracking purposes primarily by 
tallying pages viewed throughout our websites and logging Internet Protocol 
("IP") addresses, browser types, general geographic origin of access to our 
websites and similar usage data. Flash cookies (also called "Locally Shared 
Objects" or "LSOs") are also used to remember settings and preferences and to 
track usage. However, Flash cookies are stored differently on your hard drive 
and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web 
browser. In general, Flash cookies are more persistent and can store more data 
that browser cookies.
Website 
usage data enables us to tailor our content to our visitors' interests and to 
help our affiliates and advertisers better understand the preferences of our 
audience. Providing website usage data to advertisers is essential to keeping as 
many of our services free to visitors as is reasonably possible. In general, 
website usage data information does not identify you, although we may combine 
this website usage data with Personal Information under this Policy.
Third Party Advertisements
Ads appearing in the games or on this 
website may be delivered to you by Google (AdMob), Apple (iAds), or by other 
third party advertising companies.  Information about your visits to our 
websites and third party websites, such as number of times you have viewed an 
ad, date/time at which the ads were shown, the advertisers' cookies (browser or 
Flash) or other technologies, and the IP address of the computer you use is used 
to serve ads to you on our websites. We do not have access to the cookies that 
may be placed by our third party advertising companies. We share website usage 
information about visitors to our websites with these companies for our 
purposes, and for their purposes, which include – for example – managing and 
targeting advertisements, measuring their effectiveness, and for market research 
analysis. For these purposes, we and third-party advertising companies we use 
may note the pages you visit on our sites.
Worldwide Transfers and Processing of Personal Information
All Personal Information that 
is collected from the games or website is transferred to, and accessed from, 
jurisdictions including the United Kingdom and China. By using this website 
and/or by submitting Personal Information to this website, you consent to having 
your information transferred to, and accessed from, any location worldwide. You 
also consent to having your Personal Information processed and maintained in any 
location worldwide. You acknowledge that other jurisdictions may have laws that 
are different than the law of your home country.
How We Use Your Information
We limit the manner in which 
your Personal and Payment Information is used. We will use the Personal and 
Payment Information you provide only in a manner that is consistent with this 
Privacy Policy. If we obtain Personal or Payment Information from a third party, 
such as a business partner, our use of that information is also governed by this 
Privacy Policy. We use Personal and Payment Information for purposes such as: 
providing you the products and services you want; administering or enforcing 
transactions you have requested; protecting your accounts from fraud, 
unauthorized access, or identity theft; verifying your identity in connection 
with transactions you have requested; and managing our business and protecting 
our interests.
We may share 
Personal and Payment Information with our service providers to assist us with 
any of the purposes set forth above (which, for example, might include 
disclosures to attorneys, accountants, auditors, credit bureaus, data 
processors, payment processors, and technical systems consultants) to the extent 
necessary or appropriate for them to perform their services to us. In that 
connection, we may report information about your account(s) to credit bureaus 
and/or consumer reporting agencies. We do not share your Personal Information to 
third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
MDickie 
reserves the right to transfer any Personal or Payment Information in the event 
we transfer all or a portion of our business or assets, such as bankruptcy, 
dissolution, merger or acquisition. If such a transfer should occur, the privacy 
policy of another company may supplant our Policy. However, we will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee uses 
Personal or Payment Information in a manner that is consistent with our Policy.
Limitations on Use of Personal Information
We will use or retain your 
Personal Information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 
In general, we strive to keep Personal Information only for so long as is needed 
to fulfill your requests, support the services you have requested, process your 
orders, or comply with the law, although we reserve the right to keep it for a 
longer period of time.
Access/Correct/Update/Delete Personal Information
If you would like to know what Personal 
Information we have concerning you, send an e-mail by
clicking
here
. 
We will be in contact with you (by mail or otherwise) to verify your identity 
and provide you the information you request. We will respond within 30 days to 
your request for access to your Personal Information. In some cases, we may not 
be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know 
if we are unable to do so and why.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change 
this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we 
will post those changes here. If we make any material changes we will notify you 
by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of 
a prominent notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We 
encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
Contact Us
If you 
have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail 
by
clicking
here
.
You may also contact at us 
by postal mail at:
MDickie.com
Tower House
Lucy Tower Street
Lincoln
LN1 1XW
United Kingdom
Copyright © MDickie 
2000 - 2021