Home
Privacy policy
User Agreement
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
Complaints Policy
User Agreement
Cookies policy
Privacy policy
Complaints Policy
User Agreement
Cookies policy
Privacy policy
Complaints Policy
Introduction
General Provisions
Personal Data Collection
Personal Data Processing Purposes
Sources of obtaining your Personal data
Security
Our obligations, pursuant to GDPR and other Personal data protection applicable laws and regulations
Legal Grounds for Data Processing
Data Subject Rights
Automated Decision-Making Process
Transfer of the Personal Data to the Third Parties
Cookies
Social Media
Downloads
Email and Marketing Messages
Contact Us
Introduction
This Privacy Policy  governs  privacy  of  the  Users  (you,  your,  customer)  of  the
https://trastra.com
Website (“Website”) and app served and operated by us, Trastra (“we”, “us”, “our”) and describes what personal data (“Personal data”) is collected and how it is used, processed, stored and managed by us, under the applicable legislation, while you visit or use our Website, our Android and IOS mobile apps (“Apps”) and services (“Services”).
The reference to Trastra means the reference to
Trastra EU, UAB
, a company registered in Lithuania, official registration number 306044056 and having its official registered address at Gedimino pr. 44A-201, Vilnius, LT-01110, Lithuania (“Trastra”).
Before getting aware of this Privacy Policy, we advise you to carefully read our User Agreement, Cookies Policy, in order to get comprehensive insight into the terms and rules referred to our Website and our Services use.
This Privacy Policy is also treated as a privacy notice aiming to give you information on why and how we collect and process your Personal data.
If you use our Services, this means that you have read all the mentioned terms and rules. By consenting to use our Services, you expressly agree with this Privacy Policy and expressly consent to and agree with your Personal data processing as stipulated herein. Consent given by you under this Privacy Policy is treated as given in a written form.
General Provisions
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by, construed, interpreted, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the European Union. These provisions may be not applicable exclusively in cases where the applicable and governing law prevails or supersedes. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is, or is found to be, inapplicable or unenforceable under the law, that will not affect the applicability or enforceability of the other provisions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy policy, you should immediately refrain from using our Website, Apps and/or our Services.
We reserve the right to alter, vary and revise this Privacy Policy, whenever lawfully required or in view of marketing, commercial, technological, whatever upgrade or as we deem necessary, with considering the applicable law. Such revised or updated versions shall apply from the date of publication, unless otherwise expressly stated. By using our Website, Apps and any such revised or updated versions, you agree with and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy regarding the updates. If you disagree with any revision, alteration, or update, you must stop using our Website, Apps and/or our Services.
Website, App or application programming interface  required to access Services, may include links to third-party websites, plug ins and applications(“
Third Party Sites
”). Clicking on those links or enabling those connections  may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these Third Party  Sites and are not responsible for their privacy statements and policies.
Personal Data Collection
We may collect and process your Personal data, as follows:
Category of Personal Data
Details
Identity Data
Your e-mail address, first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, date of birth, gender, resident address, postal address, contact phone number, payment account number, trading account details, bank statements, source of funds and wealth.
Identity documents (national identity cards, passport, driving license or other forms of identification documents), proof of address documentation, occupation, employment industry, financial standing.
Biometrics
photo, video of Personal Data subject, other  biometric identifiers and/or biometric information of Personal Data subject.
Financial data
bank account, payment card details, amounts associated with accounts, external account details, source of funds and related documentation.
Social identity data and Preference Data
information on referrals related to you, close connections, preferences, interests, favourites, risk assessment, compliance assessment.
Verification Data
Personal data which Trastra collects for the purpose of conducting Customer due diligence under applicable anti-money laundering laws, photo, direct video transmission recording.
Background Data
Trastra collects Personal data available in open source.
Transactional data
Personal data regarding your fiat, cryptocurrency payment transactions, transactions activity log, billing, payment details and other financial, crypto and settlement details obtained by us when you use our Services, in order to effect and administer your operations; opened, executed, not executed sale/purchase market / limit / stop-loss and other orders details, orders details, history; other details of any transactions you enter into using the Services, Website or App.
Device Data
Domain and host from which you access the Internet, operator and carrier data, your computer’s or other usable device’s IP address, device type, category and model,  web browser type and the operating system software, unique IDs of your devices when you use Android and/or IOS mobile Apps, time zone setting, location data, language data, operating system and platform, diagnostics data such as crash logs and  any other data we collect for the purposes  of measuring technical diagnostics, and  other information.
Profile and Usage Data
We collect your Personal data during your current and for future Website or Apps visits and use, as provided below in the Cookies section, login data.
Your username and password, identification number as our user, date and time you access our Website or Apps, address of the website from which you linked to our Website, Apps when you visit us, other information generated by you when you communicate with us, information about how you use Website, App, Services.
Marketing and Communication data
your preferences in receiving marketing  from us or third parties, communication between Trastra and the Customer (inquiries submitted via the website, email, social media or chat), your survey responses, voice record of communication between you and us.
Please note that we may also ask you to prove ownership or control of a particular blockchain address. We are  required to ask for this information to comply with anti-money laundering and counter-financing of  terrorism requirements, and to ensure we safeguard against and report any suspicious activity.
Please be noted, that if you directly disclose your Personal data, or sensitive Personal data (such as, among others, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, physical or mental health, membership in any organizations,  etc.), through public features, this information may be collected and used by other persons.
Furthermore, we consider certain categories of personal information to be sensitive, and such sensitive data requires additional safeguards. We will only collect, use, store, and transfer your sensitive data if we can meet both, the legal basis requirement and at least one of the required extra conditions.
The additional conditions are as follows:
circumstances specified by regulatory rules: Personal Data are processed in such circumstances prescribed by regulations;
consent: you have given consent to the processing of your sensitive data;
information made public by you: the sensitive data has become public as a result of your actions;
legal proceedings: the processing is necessary for the purpose of, or in connection with, any legal proceedings, for obtaining legal advice, or is otherwise necessary for establishing, exercising, or defending legal rights;
public functions: the processing is necessary for the exercise of any functions conferred on any person by or under an enactment.
Personal Data Processing Purposes
For the purposes of the applicable law, we are Data Controller of your personal information and we will securely retain any data submitted by you to us and/or received by us otherwise.
We may use your Personal data, for the following purposes:
Contractual Purpose
– to register you at our platform, to enter into, perform service agreement and deliver our Services properly (which may include disclosure to relevant Third Parties as set forth below); to process and deliver our Services and any Website, App features to you, including  to execute, manage and  process any instructions or  orders you make; to manage, process,  collect and transfer payments, fees and charges, and to collect and  recover payments owed to us;
Analytical Purpose
– to provide general statistics regarding use of our Website or Apps; to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our Services; to prevent abuse of our  Services and promotions; for compliance, quality assurance and training purposes; to manage our relationship with you which  will include asking you to  leave a review, take a survey or keeping you  informed of our company’s  business and product  development
Marketing and Advertising Purpose –
to send you welcome email following registration procedures; to send you occasionally our Services updates; to contact you for surveys purposes (you do not have to respond to such surveys); for other marketing purpose; to advertise our Services to you and understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you. We could use your Personal Data and decide which products, services and offers may  be relevant for you. You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us  and consented to receive marketing communications, or if you have purchased from us and you  have not opted out of receiving such communications.
Compliance Purpose
– to maintain accuracy of our records; to verify your Personal data for the purpose of managing our customer relationships and observing the Know Your Client (KYC) rules; to comply with legal and regulatory obligations with respect to Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF), prevention of criminal activity and lawfully protect our legal interests, make relevant risk assessments and management; to use the services of  financial institutions, crime  and fraud prevention companies, risk measuring  companies; background checks, detect, investigate, report  and prevent financial crime  in broad sense, obey laws  and regulations which apply to us and resolving  them;
Communication Purpose
– to contact the Customer for administrative purposes such as customer service, address technical or legal issues related to the Service provided, or share updates and notifications about the
Note that we may process your Personal Data for more than one lawful ground depending on the  specific purpose for which we are using your data. If you need details about specific grounds for Personal Data processing by us, please contact us.
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we  reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new  purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will  explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
We may also need to process your Personal Data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, business transfer, assignment, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving all or a part of  our shares, business or assets. This will be based on our legitimate interests in carrying out such  transaction, or to meet our legal obligations.
Sources of obtaining your Personal data
from you when you visit our Website, Apps, and/or use our Services;
from you when you enter into an agreement with us;
from you when you provide your Personal data for identification and KYC purposes;
from you when you submit any requests, complaints, e-mails, or call us;
from our clients when they make transfers to you or identify you as assets recipient;
from financial institutions;
from registers;
from our partners, such as identification vendors;
from other
We use different methods to collect information from and about you, including through:
Direct interactions
. You may give us your Personal Data by directly interacting with  us, including by filling in forms, providing a visual image of yourself via the Service, by email or  otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you: apply for Services, visit our Website or App, make use our Services, give us feedback or contact us, react to marketing sent to you, enter a survey, including through social media channels.
Automated technologies
. As you interact with us via our Website or App, we will  automatically collect your Personal Data. We  collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs etc.
Publicly available sources.
We also obtain information about you, from third parties or publicly available sources.
Data security is highly important to us and to protect your Data we will organise and take all the necessary and appropriate measures and technologies to safeguard and secure your Data collected through this Website.
To use all features and functions of our Website, you may be required to submit certain Data, including password(s). You are responsible for keeping your password(s) confidential and safe.
While we seek to do our utmost to protect your Data, you need to keep in mind that transmission of any information over the Internet is not entirely secured and is implemented at your own risk and discretion. We, therefore, cannot ensure the security of your Data transmission to our Website or app, whenever that is beyond our reasonable control.
You undertake to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access or use of your  account or any other breach of security by e-mail:
info@trastra.com
and we will notify You in case of a Data Breach occurrence which can lead to severe personal health and financial damages.
Security
Depending on the nature of the risks presented by the proposed processing of your personal  data, we will have in place the following appropriate security measures:
organisational measures
(including but not limited to staff training and policy  development);
technical measures
(including but not limited to physical protection of data,  encryption); and
securing ongoing availability, integrity, and accessibility
(including but not limited to  ensuring appropriate back-ups of personal data are held).
Security measures shall be applied in order to protect Personal data from involuntary or unauthorised processing, disclosure or destruction.
Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to our relevant Third Parties business relationships (our partners, service providers, contractors, agents, financial institutions, social media, without limitation), we will not  disclose your Personal data to any irrelevant Third Parties, for the purpose of security matters.
Personal data security is highly important to us and to protect your Personal data we will organise and take all the necessary and appropriate measures and technologies to safeguard and secure your Personal data collected through Website or Apps.
To use all features and functions of our Website or Apps, you may be required to submit certain Personal data, including password(s). You are responsible for keeping your password(s) confidential and safe.
While we seek to do our utmost to protect your Personal data, you need to keep in mind that transmission of any information over the Internet is not entirely secured and is implemented at your own risk and discretion. We, therefore, cannot ensure the security of your Personal data transmission to our Website or Apps, whenever that is beyond our reasonable control.
You undertake to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access or use of your account or any other breach of security by e-mail:
info@trastra.com
and we will notify You in case of a Data Breach occurrence which can lead to severe personal health and financial damages.
While there is an inherent risk in any data being shared over the internet, we have put in place  appropriate security measures to prevent your Personal data from being accidentally lost, used,  damaged, or accessed in an unauthorised or unlawful way, altered, or disclosed.
Our obligations, pursuant to GDPR and other Personal data protection applicable laws and regulations
Your Personal data will be:
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes;
Used lawfully, fairly, and transparently;
Accurate and kept up to date;
Relevant to the purposes we have informed you about and limited only to those purposes;
Maintained only for as long as necessary for the purposes we have informed you about;
Securely stored and safeguarded against unauthorized or unlawful processing, as well as loss or destruction, using appropriate technical and organizational
Legal Grounds for Data Processing
Trastra is relying on the following legal grounds when Processing Customer’s Personal data:
Processing is  necessary  for   the
entry into or performance of a  contract
between You and Trastra (GDPR article 6 (1) (b)), Trastra is Processing Personal data for Contractual and Communication Purposes for entering into or for performing an agreement (User Agreement) entered into between Trastra and You;
Processing is necessary for compliance with a
legal obligation
to which Trastra is subject (GDPR article 6 (1) (c)). Trastra is Processing Personal data for Compliance Purpose under legal obligations to which Trastra is subject to;
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the
legitimate interests
pursued by Trastra (GDPR article 6 (1) (f)). Trastra is Processing Personal data for Analytical or Personalization Purpose under legitimate interest. As part of this, we must maintain and develop our Website, Apps, technical systems and IT-infrastructure, technical and organizational solutions that may also use your Personal data, in order to provide you with adequate
Customer has granted a
consent
to the Processing of his Personal data (GDPR article 6 (1) (a)). Trastra is Processing Personal data for Marketing Purpose under Customer’s consent, meaning freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of your  wishes by which you, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signify agreement  to the processing of Personal Data relating to you.
Personal Data Subject Rights
You have rights we need to make you aware of. The rights available to you depend on our reason for processing your Personal Data.
Right to Access
(GDPR, Article 15) – has the right to ask Trastra to provide a copy of User’s Personal data which Trastra Process, access to your personal data, which enables you to obtain confirmation of whether  we are processing your Personal Data.
Right to Rectification
(GDPR, Article 16) – User has the right to ask Trastra to rectify Personal data in case the data is incorrect or
Right to Erasure
(GDPR, Article 17) – Sometimes called Right-to-be-forgotten, User has the right to ask Trastra to erase Personal data, unless Trastra is obliged to continue Processing User’s Personal data under law or under a contract between the User and Trastra, or in case Trastra has other lawful grounds for the continued Processing of Personal data.
You may amend or remove any portion of your Personal data at any time by using  Website  interface, Apps or contacting or emailing us at
support@trastra.com
. Such amendment or removal of certain Personal data may lead to limiting or cessation of your access to Services.
Please note that we are legally obligated to save all previous instances of your Personal data in accordance with the Restriction of Processing clause as set
Right to Restriction
(GDPR, Article 18) – User has the right to ask Trastra to restrict the Processing of their Personal data in case the data is incorrect or incomplete or in case their Personal data is Processed
The Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations require us to store your Personal data for at least 8 years after the end of the relationship  between us and you as a customer. Biometrics is processed and stored so long as the other Personal data as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This period may be further extended in certain  cases if so provided by and in accordance with the applicable legislation. Upon amendment or removal of your Personal data, it is archived and safekept separately from processed Personal data (i.e. Restriction of Processing rules apply). Such restricted Personal data is processed purely for storing purposes and cannot be accessed automatically or by unauthorised personnel. Restricted data may only be used or restored only in select ways prescribed by law or legal proceeding. Upon expiry of storage term, restricted Personal data is deleted.
Your Personal data is stored for as long as their storage is required for appropriate purposes for the processing of Personal data, as well as in accordance with the applicable laws. Personal data may be stored in an electronic form and/or in paper format, provided always that your Personal data will be stored securely and protected against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against loss or destruction, using appropriate technical and organizational measures. When assessing the length of the storage of Personal data, we take into account existing regulatory requirements, aspects of contractual performance, your instructions, and our legitimate interests. If your Personal data is no longer needed for the purposes specified, we will delete them or destroy
Information Availability
(GDPR, Article 19) – Trastra is obliged and has provided all the information which the Customer has right to receive. This Policy concludes all the information and is available to You on our Website, Apps at any point of
Right to Data Portability
(GDPR, Article 20) – User has the right to ask Trastra to provide the User or, in case it is technically feasible, a third party, their Personal data, which the User has provided to Trastra and which is Processed in accordance with User’s consent or a contract between the User and
Right to Object
(GDPR, Article 21) – User has the right to object to Processing his Personal data in case there is a reason to believe that Trastra has no lawful grounds for Processing the Personal data and there is something about your particular situation  which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on  your fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have  compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and  freedoms.
Right to Withdraw Consent for Data Processing
(GDPR, Article 7) – User is entitled to withdraw the consent granted for the Processing of Personal data et any time. Withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the Processing conducted before the If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain  Services to you, but we will advise you if this is the case at the time you  withdraw your consent;
Right to File a Complaint
– User has the right to file complaints regarding Processing of their Personal
User has a right to lodge a complaint with the respective supervisory In case of an EEA User, it is a local Personal data Protection Inspectorate.
Right to transfer Personal data to third party
. – User may request the transfer Personal data to you or to a third party, and we will provide to  you, or a third party you have chosen (where technically feasible), your Personal data; note that this right only applies to  automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used  the information to perform a contract with you
Automated Decision-Making Process
Trastra is providing Cryptocurrency related Services for the Customers, residents from the fixed list of jurisdictions could apply to Trastra for Services. Trastra is using automated decision making in the pre-contractual Processing in order to establish sufficiently whether the Customer is eligible to use Trastra’s Services.
Automated decision making refers to a decision which is taken solely on the basis of automated Processing of User’s Personal data. This means Processing using, for example, software code or an algorithm, which does not require human intervention.
During the onboarding process, the User is being asked for the address and personal ID. The automated decision making is necessary for entering into agreement with Trastra. The automated decision making is used in order to verify and accept or reject the Customer’s application to enter into a service agreement with Trastra. Upon rejection, Trastra will inform the User by email about the reasoning for rejection. In addition to Personal data processing for the purposes of client identification and verification, we will use document authenticity verification Services provided by an external vendor during the client onboarding process, including validation of KYC documentation, and information checking in national registers. For potential sanctions and politically exposed person (PEP) matches, as well as negative information in negative media, we shall use the vendor’s overnight screening Services.
For the purposes of implementing our legitimate interests within the AML/CTF framework, we may verify information relating to you against credible publicly available information sources, ensure monitoring of your transactions, orders and providing information to supervisory and investigative authorities in the cases provided by legal requirements; and ensure the maintenance of relevant registers.
Transfer of The Personal Data to Third Parties
Trastra may transfer your Personal data to third parties such as:
legal and regulatory authorities to whom Trastra is obligated to disclose Customer’s Personal data under the law;
Server hosts, who store Trastra’s data, internet/computer software services providers, companies specializing in IT;
Identification & Verification Service providers, who help Trastra verify Customers and keep being compliant;
Communication Service providers, who help Trastra stay in touch with the Customers and provide necessary support to You;
Marketing Service Providers;
Banking Service Providers, who help Trastra offer the Service to You;
Other third parties – we use or may use facilities of other relevant Third Parties (our   partners,      service            providers,         contractors,             agents,         financial institutions, social media, without limitation), in order to provide our Services and deal with certain processes necessary for the operation of Website, App. In that regard, such relevant Third Parties will have access to respective Personal data provided by you and/or received by us otherwise.
Your Personal data could be accessed as needed by and shared with our employees, contractors, agents, consultants or our authorized persons who are required to process this Personal data to perform their duties.
We may also be required to share your Personal data with various financial institutions, and/or law enforcement bodies and officials, supervisory authorities/ regulatory bodies, and financial crime investigation services, courts, in order to comply with applicable legislation, prevent fraud, or enforce an agreement we have with you. We may also share your Personal data in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a legal request from law enforcement, and to enforce an agreement we have with you.
On our Website and Apps we include or may include the references or links to the Third Parties websites. External links may be clickable texts, banners, image links to other websites, without limitation. We do not control outbound websites, nor take responsibility for their content, terms of service or any policies. This Privacy Policy governs only specifically this Website and Apps and does not extend to your use of other websites, even those of our partners and Service providers, social media, etc. We, therefore, advise you to review the privacy policy for other websites prior to using them.
Trastra has taken steps to ensure that these data recipients protect the confidentiality and security of Personal data, and to ensure that Personal data is Processed only for the provision of Service and in compliance with applicable law.
Such third parties may be located in countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) whose privacy regulations may differ and which are not in the list of countries with adequate level of data protection published by the European Commission. In those countries the security of the Personal data (inc. protection against misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction) may not be ensured as it is secured in the European Union, due to the lack of adequate data protection level.
However, when transferring collected Personal data outside of the EEA, Trastra shall ensure the application of the appropriate safeguards, like the standard contractual clauses and data processing agreements.
Cookies
Our Website and Apps use Cookies (“Cookies”), small text files saved to your computer or device in order to customize and improve your experience while visiting and using our Website or App, according to our Cookies Policy. Our Website and Apps use a Cookies choice reservation allowing you to accept/enable or refuse/disable the use and saving of our Cookies on your computer or another usable device.
You can read more about Cookies by visiting our
Cookies Policy
.
Social Media
We may have official profiles in social media networks. We advise you to verify the authenticity of such profiles before using them. We will never ask for your passwords or personal details in social media networks. When using the social media buttons, you do so at your own risk and discretion.
Downloads
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on and through our Website or Apps are provided to you at your own risk. While we stick to any measures regarding genuine downloads, we, however, advise you to verify the downloads authenticity, including by antivirus programs. We accept no responsibility for downloads from the Third Parties websites, external websites.
Email and Marketing Messages
Where we informed you and where you agreed, we may use your Personal data to send you notifications about our Services, various profile news, updates regarding our activities by virtue of email newsletters mailing. Email mailings and marketing messages may contain technologies to track your activities. You may subscribe or unsubscribe of such mailing, contacting us by our e-mail or through details provided in that message.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, processing of your Personal data, please contact us at:
Data Protection Officer:
hp@trastra.com