Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit, use, or make a purchase from www.devextras.com, www.twirleffect.com (“Site[s]”) or use any applications (“Application[s]”) developed by DevExtras.
SUMMARY
Site (www.devextras.com, www.twirleffect.com)
Use Google Analytics to provide anonymised usage statistics.
Use WordPress
Use PayPal as a payment processor.
Use TSOHost as a web hosting provider with standardized web logs.
Use cookies as part of the default implementation of google analytics and WordPress
Use social sharing buttons (i.e. FaceBook & Twiter) Note: no info is sent to these providers unless you click on their respective link.
Delete emails after seven years, if you wish for an email to be deleted sooner than this please just drop us an email.
We will keep information relating to purchases (excluding financial details) for 7 years.
We use reCAPTCHA by google to reduce the amount of non-legitimate requests.
We do NOT advertise on the site (targeted or otherwise)
Windows Applications (CodeReflect, Obfusasm, Print Screen)
We use a license server to record the number of activations, and verification of license keys.
We do NOT use any analytics or crash reporting software
We do NOT take responsibility for any damages caused by an applications use (legal or otherwise)
All Mobile Applications (Voice Tools, Rate my Voice, Visitor Count, TwirlControl)
We use Microsoft appcenter for analytics and error reporting.
We use Google Firebase for analtyics and marketing analysis.
We use Google Play for distribution/payment/metrics/crash reporting for Android based applications.
We use Apple AppStore for distribution/payment/metrics/crash reporting for iOS based applications.
We use Google AdMob for adverts. None personalized adverts are shown for all EU users to comply with GDPR rules, personalized adverts may be shown for none EU users.
We use Facebook Audience Network in as a secondary advert provider if Google AdMob fails. None personalized adverts are shown for all EU users to comply with GDPR rules, personalized adverts may be shown for none EU users.
We prompt for a review after an initial usage period, the operation of the app is not affected by the review rating.
We do NOT Store any payment details
We do NOT ask for any personally identifiable information
Voice Tools
We do access the microphone to analyse your voice but only while the application is running
We do NOT store recordings to disk or transmit them over the internet
We show adverts but offer a in-app paid option to remove adverts.
Rate my Voice
We do access the microphone to analyse/record your voice when you submit a sample.
All submissions are anonymised, and are linked back to their original user via one way encryption. Encryption keys are per user and we do not have the ability to reverse the anonymisation.
We do store submissions on disk and transfer them over the internet, submissions may be stored on many devices within the public domain.
Submissions include the following meta data, age, gender, country and region, and review feedback
Submissions are made available in the public domain, and the act of submitting a submission indicates acceptance of this. While we will take steps to minimize abuse, we take no responsibility for the usage of your submission once it has entered the public domain.
Automated quality processes are used to ensure submissions meet our minimum standards and are profanity free but are not guaranteed.
On installation we generate a randomized user id, and ask for some user details such as age, gender, location. Any submitted samples will include this information.
Submitted voice samples become the property of DevExtras and are made publicly available.
We reserve the right to sell/use voice samples and their associated feedback, please note that in general we will NOT sell voice samples of minority groups to companies/governments/projects whereby that minority group could be persecuted. This is done on an opt-in basis.
We do NOT delete submitted voice samples, however you can request a submission to be deleted and it will be deleted from out servers. Deletion requests must originate from the original software installation where the submission was recorded (due to the way we anonymise data) and we can only delete data from our servers, data in the public domain can be very difficult to delete, so deletions are not guaranteed.
Submitted voice samples may be used to generate new algorithms, we have a personal interest in the creation of resonance algorithms generated by AI analysis.  This is done on an opt-in basis.
Visitor Count
The shared counter functionality communicates over the internet via HTTPS to our servers to provide shared counter functionality.
TwirlControl
Access the microphone for beat analysis to so that any visuals are in time with ambient music
Access the current device location and store it on our servers for 90 days.  We link this information against hoops/staffs/etc to provide a find my prop service to allow people to track down stolen hoops/equipment. This functionality can be disabled in the app settings, but it is on by default.  Location information is tightly controlled and only available to the registered owner of the hoop/staff/etc.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Device Information
When you visit/use the Site/Application, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse/use the Site/Application, we collect information about the individual pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site if relevant, information about how you interact with the Site/Application,and performance data. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
Microsoft AppCenter (Applications Android & iOS)
Google Firebase (Applications Android & iOS)
Log Files (Sites)
Cookies (Sites)
Order Information
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
Voice Samples (Rate my Voice ONLY)
We do collect and store voice samples along with basic demographic information such as gender, age, location.  When submitting a voice sample we try to be as transparent as possible as to its use.  Voice data is only collected as part of the Rate my Voice application.
Location Information (TwirlControl ONLY)
We collect gps location data to allow tracking of stolen items, this is on by default but can be disabled in the applications settings.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking the about Device Information, Order Information, Location Information, and Voice Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to: Communicate with you; Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site/Application (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site/Application, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).  We will also use device information to identify any issues with our site/application.
We use Voice Samples (Rate My Voice Only) to provide feedback for users on their voice.  We also on an opt-in basis may use this information to build a data set for research and commercial purposes.  We reserve the right to sell this data set and use it for commercial gain.  This information will also be within the public domain and accessible by other uses of the application.
We use Location Information (TwirlControl Only) to provide the register owner of the prop.
REMOVAL OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Due to the way that we anonimise data, we can only comply with deletion requests pertaining to:
Email communication and order history, please email us to delete.
Voice data for Rate My Voice can only be deleted by the originating software installation since we cannot link individual submissions to individuals, we can only link it to a specific app install.  Please raise a deletion request in the software.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site
–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We use Microsoft AppCenter to help us understand how our customers use the Application (Mobile)
We use Google Firebase to help us understand how our customers use the Application (Mobile)
We reserve the right to share/distribute any voice sample data for research/commercial purposes.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
COOKIES
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information may be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
LINKS
This site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
We will maintain anonymised voice samples from Rate My Voice indefinitely unless a deletion request is received by the original software installation.
MINORS
The Site and Applications are not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at support@devextras.com