Privacy Policy
Who are we
We are The Lunch Bag, a nutritious school lunch provider, based throughout Ireland. Our website is
https://www.thelunchbag.ie
.
Terms, Conditions and Privacy
This privacy policy applies solely to The Lunch Bag privacy policies and information collected by this web site and our app. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site and app, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Why do we require your data?
We require details of parents and children to fulfil orders for Primary school lunches in Ireland.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site and app. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to send your lunch order.
Unless you choose not to on our app/website, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. We also may use push notifications to alert you to any urgent service issues that may affect your order.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given below and on our website or the Feedback section on our app:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take every precaution to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website or app, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone on 0433362038 or email
info@thelunchbag.ie
. You may also write to us at 21 Lisbunny, Nenagh, Co. Tipperary E45VP48.
Registration
In order to use this website or our app, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the school lunch service on our site in which you have expressed interest.  You will also be asked to input your Childs name and class so that they can be delivered directly to. Your Child’s allergens are captured to ensure that their lunch is made safely.
We collect
Parents Name
Parents Email
Childs name
Childs school & classroom
Child’s allergens
Your order
Your bank card details where eligible
Orders
We request information from you on our order page. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (name/email address/phone number) and financial information where necessary (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes to fill your orders if you are buying food. This is not necessary to process free meal orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you. We also request your Childs name/classroom/school to ensure they receive their order correctly.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
No external companies use cookies on our site.
Sharing
We do not share aggregated demographic information with our partners or advertisers. No personal information that can identify any individual person is passed to any external entity.
We do use a credit card processing company to bill users for our service. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Delete User Account
The mobile app user can delete their account by going:
Login -> Menu -> Delete Account
Alternatively, you may contact our Customer Services team at:
info@thelunchbag.ie
and request deletion of your account.
Links
On occasion, this web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Secure Data Handling Procedures
We use secure servers to handle all our data. All data is encrypted. A limited number of IT staff have password controlled access to this information. Tiers of access are incorporated to protect sensitive information. Only data necessary for processing orders is collected.
We do use a credit card processing company to bill users for our service. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order
.
Data Retention & Deletion Policy
Each year the children move up a year in primary school, culminating in their final year in the primary school. Once they leave the school and the service is no longer available to them, their records are removed from our system after one year. Parents are contacted and advised of same.
Data is retained while the children are in primary school allowing them to use the service, unless the parents ask us to remove this.
We do not contact parents, hold their information or fulfil an order once the child has left school and/or has deactivated their account.