Privacy Policy
We take the privacy and personal information protection
                of our users very seriously. We may collect and use your information when you use our products and/or
                services. We hope that through the Privacy Policy ("This Policy"), we will explain to you how we
                collect, use and store this information when you use our products and/or services.
We hope that you have read and confirmed that you fully
                understand the content of this policy before using our products and / or services.
If we wish to use your personal information for other
                purposes not covered by this policy, or for other purposes for a specific purpose, you will be given
                your prior consent.
Please note that all personal information you provide
                will continue to be authorized during the use of our products and/or services, unless you remove or
                refuse to collect them through our system settings. When you cancel your account, we will stop using and
                delete your personal information.
1. The scope of personal information that you authorize
                us to collect:
Personal information refers to various information
                recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a particular natural person or reflect the
                activities of a particular natural person. This information can be used alone or in combination with
                other information. Personal information covered by this policy includes: basic information (including
                personal name, date of birth, gender, address, personal telephone number, email); personally
                identifiable information (including ID card, military officer's card, passport, driver's license, etc.);
                facial features; Network identity information (including system account number, IP address, email
                address and password, password, password-protected answers related to the above); personal property
                information (transaction records and consumption records, and virtual property information such as
                balances, coupons); Record; personal device information; personal location information (including
                itinerary information, precise location information, accommodation information, latitude and longitude,
                etc.); personal health information (exercise energy, sleep analysis, physical exercise, heart rate,
                weight, height, steps, walking) , running distance, riding distance, etc.).
2. We may collect information collected during the
                service to you for the following purposes:
(1) to provide services for you;
(2) For certification, customer service, security, fraud
                monitoring, archiving and backup purposes for our services to ensure the security of the products and
                services we provide to you;
(3) help us design new services and improve our existing
                services;
(4) Let us know more about how you access and use our
                services to specifically meet your individual needs, such as language settings, location settings,
                personalized help services and instructions, or for you and others Other responses from the user;
(5) to provide you with more relevant ads to replace
                popular ads;
(6) Evaluate and improve the effectiveness of
                advertising and other promotions and promotions in our services;
(7) software certification or management software
                upgrade;
(8) Lets you participate in surveys about our products
                and services.
In order to give you a better experience, improve our
                services or other uses that you agree to, we may collect information or personalize through certain
                services in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. The information collected for our other
                services. For example, information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another
                service to provide you with specific content or to show you information that is not normally pushed by
                you. If we provide this option in the relevant service, you can also authorize us to use the information
                provided and stored by the service for our other services.
3. We will not share your personal information with any
                company, organization or individual other than
HryFine
except:
(1) obtain your explicit consent or authorization in
                advance;
(2) comply with applicable laws and regulations, legal
                procedures;
(3) To maintain
HryFine
, the parties or partners of you or other
HryFine
users, or to provide public interest, property or
                security from damage, to the extent permitted by laws and regulations;
(4) Only by sharing your information can we implement
                the core functionality of our products and / or services or provide the services you need;
(5) to handle disputes or disputes between you and
                others according to your needs;
(6) is provided in accordance with the relevant
                agreement signed with you or other legal documents;
(7) In the public interest in accordance with laws and
                regulations.
4. How to protect and save your personal information
                together:
(1) We attach great importance to the security of
                personal information and take all reasonable and feasible data security technical measures to protect
                your personal information;
(2) The Internet environment is not 100% secure and we
                will do our utmost to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send us. If our physical,
                technical or administrative protection equipment is destroyed, resulting in unauthorized access, public
                disclosure, alteration or destruction of information, thereby jeopardizing your legal rights, we will
                bear the corresponding legal responsibilities.
(3) If you have any questions about the protection of
                our personal information, you can contact us. If you find that your personal information has been
                compromised, especially if your account password and personal information have been compromised, please
                contact us immediately so that we can take appropriate action.
5. Minors use our services We encourage parents or
                guardians to guide minors under the age of 18 to use our services. We recommend that minors encourage
                their parents or guardians to read this Privacy Policy and advise minors to seek parental or guardian
                consent and guidance before submitting personal information.
6. The scope of the privacy policy:
(1) Except for certain services, all of our services are
                subject to this Privacy Policy. These specific services will apply to specific privacy policies. For
                certain service specific privacy policies, we will describe more specifically how we use your
                information in these services. The privacy policy for this particular service forms part of this Privacy
                Policy. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy policy of a particular service and this
                privacy policy, the privacy policy of that particular service will prevail;
(2) Unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, the
                terms used in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the "
HryFine
User Agreement";
(3) Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply
                to:
1) Information collected by third-party services
                accessed through our services (including any third-party websites);
2) Information collected by other companies or
                organizations that conduct advertising services in our services;
3) If you are using an Apple device (such as an Apple
                phone or iPad), in order to calculate your sports data, we will receive and send your sports data from
                Apple's Healthkit under your authorization. We will read your height, weight and gender data from
                Healthkit, and the number of steps generated by
HryFine
APP, walking + running distance, exercise energy, riding
                distance and sleep analysis data will be written into Apple's Healthkit. The data obtained by any Pass
                Healthkit will not be shared or sold to any third party company, nor will we use the information
                obtained from Healthkit for commercial purposes such as advertising and marketing.
7. Change:
We may modify the terms of this Privacy Policy as
                appropriate and such amendments form part of this Privacy Policy. If these amendments result in a
                significant reduction in your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either by emailing
                you or by notifying you on the homepage before the amendments become effective. In this case, if you
                continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.