Mobirise Website Builder
v4.10.3
Sagital.net
iOS Apps
שכרניק - מחשבון שכר
My Wage (new!)
Space Defender (new!)
Physics 2d (new!)
פרקי אבות
Safe Area
Chemist Calc
My Password Box
Pixel Goldfish
Tic Tac Holdem
My Bird Piano
Android
מחשבון שכר - שכרניק החדש
קניינית 2 - רשימת קניות
My Salary 2 (new!)
Pixel Art Studio (new!)
Pixel Knight (new!)
Paper Paratroopers (new!)
Math Quest (new!)
Power Blocks (new!)
Bomba 2
The Big Duel
News
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of a software application (“Application”) on a mobile device that was created by Sagital.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
All informations that are obtained by the Application are only used inside the Application and for the use of the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
NO, we are not collecting any GPS information from our apps
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We don't share or have any access to contents that are used by our apps. All data are saved on your device and can be deleted when ever you
decide, however s
ome of our Applications uses Google Firebase SDK for advertising and/or Statistics.
We may also work with other advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application free or very low.
Automatically Collected information does not contain personal information, hence, we can’t identify any data you sent.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of  ny changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here   http://www.sagital.net/privacy.html). You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your Consent
We are not responsible for any damage or loss of data caused by our applications. By using our Applications you agree to our Privacy Policy..
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@sagital.net.