Last updated 1 March 2022
Privacy
This Privacy Policy explains how IVFrelax.com (“IVF Relax”, “we” or “us”); IVF Emoji (“IVF Emoji “we” or “us”); and IVF Positivity (“IVF Positivity” “we” or “us”) collects, uses, and discloses information about you when you access or use our website and mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”), and when you contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Services. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Collection of Information
We collect information when you make a purchase, communicate with us via social media sites, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The information you may provide includes your name, email address, and other information about you included within your messages to us or otherwise provided via the Services.
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services, including identifying and repairing errors; Process transactions and fulfill orders; Send you transactional messages, such as customer service responses; Request feedback; Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services.
Sharing of Information
We do share, sell, rent or trade your personal information with other parties.
Third Party Advertising and Analytics Services
We allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf in our mobile applications. These entities use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and online services, including your IP address, device identifiers, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by us to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services, and better understand your online activity. Your mobile device should also include a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.
Opting Out
Mobile Push Notifications: With your consent, we send promotional and other push notifications to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
hello@ivfrelax.com.