Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 31, 2023
Hi there. We’ve always tried to provide a clear human-readable Privacy Policy, but our lawyers are making us update it. There are various privacy laws which require us to make certain disclosures, so a lot of this language is designed to ensure our compliance and to make sure you have control over your data. If it helps to know, we worked very closely with them to keep this reasonable. The spirit of the policy remains the same: we aren’t here to exploit you or your info. We just want to bring you great new videos and creators to enjoy, and the systems we build to do that will sometimes require stuff like cookies. We love you and we respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy ("
Privacy Policy
") describes how Watch Nebula LLC and its parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates ("
Nebula
," "
we
," "
our
," or "
us
") may collect, use, and share your personal information in connection with the online streaming platform located at
https://nebula.tv/
, including all of its webpages and subpages, and the Nebula Store located at
https://store.nebula.tv/
(collectively, the "
Website
"), our mobile app (the "
Mobile Application
"), and any other websites and platforms we own and operate that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, and together with the Website and Mobile Application, the "
Platform
"), and our related services, events, social media pages, and email and other electronic communications (collectively, and together with the Platform, the "
Services
"), and the choices you have with respect to your personal information. In some cases, region-specific terms may apply to you, which are indicated in the section headings below.
Nebula reserves the right, at any time, to modify this Privacy Policy. If we modify how we collect, use, or share personal information, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page. In some cases, we may notify you about an update by sending you an email, posting a notice about the update on the Services, or other means as may be required by applicable law. In all cases, your continued use of the Services following posting or other notification of changes constitutes your acknowledgement of such changes. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically to keep up to date on our most current policies and practices.
1. Collection of Personal Information
We strive to collect only the personal information that we need
. What we collect and how we use it depends on how you engage with our Services. We collect personal information directly from you, from third party service providers or advertising partners, or automatically through cookies and other tracking technologies.
Personal information you provide to us
. Personal information you provide to us through the Services, such as when you purchase a subscription or merchandise, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise, may include the following categories. We may also collect other personal information that is not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Contact details
, such as your first and last name, email and mailing addresses, and phone number.
Account information
, such as your username (email address) and password that you set to establish an online account with us, your watch history, preferences, and other details about your use of the Services.
Payment and transactional data
, such as the information needed to complete your merch orders and subscriptions on or through our Platform (all payment processing services connected with your use of the Platform are provided to you by our third-party payment processor), and records of merch and subscriptions you have purchased from us.
Marketing preferences
, such as your preferences for receiving communications about Nebula content, merch, activities, events, publications, and related services, and details about how you engage with our communications.
Survey responses
, such as the information you provide in response to our surveys, questionnaires, or contests.
Communications
, such as the information associated with your requests or inquiries, including for support, assistance, or order information, and any feedback you provide when you communicate with us, or otherwise.
Unless we specifically request it, we ask that you not provide us with any sensitive personal information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services, or otherwise to us.
Personal Information Automatically Collected
. Nebula, our service providers, and our advertising partners may automatically log information about you, your computer, or mobile device, and your activity over time on our Services and other sites and online services. Personal information that may be automatically collected includes:
Device information
, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, wireless carrier, manufacturer and model, device identifier (such as the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising), browser type, screen resolution, IP address, general location information such as city, state or geographic area; and
Online activity information
, such as information about your use of and actions on the Services, such as the website you visited before browsing to our Services, pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access.
Like many online services, we use cookies and similar technologies to facilitate some of the automatic data collection described above, such as:
Cookies
, which are text files that websites store on a visitor's device to uniquely identify the visitor's browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, enabling functionality, helping us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitating online advertising.
Flash cookies
, or locally-stored objects, which are used on websites for purposes similar to cookies but allow storage of a larger amount of data.
Web beacons
, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are typically used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked, typically to compile statistics about usage of websites and the success of marketing campaigns.
Session-replay technologies
, which are third-party software used to record a video replay of users' interactions with the Services. The video replay may include users' clicks, mouse movements, scrolls, mobile app touches, typing, and other activity taken during the session. We use these replays for research and development purposes, such as to help us troubleshoot problems with the Services, understand how users interact with and use the Services, and identify areas for improvement.
Software development kits
, or SDKs, are third-party computer codes used in connection with our Mobile Application for a variety of purposes, including to provide us with analytics regarding the use of our Mobile Application and to add features or functionality to our Mobile Application. SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly via our Mobile Application.
Personal Information Obtained from Third Parties
. Nebula may receive personal information about you from other third-party sources, including from our service providers, data analytics partners, social media platforms, advertising partners, business partners, data providers, publicly available sources, and third party APIs. We may merge or combine such personal information with the personal information we collect from you directly or automatically.
Referrals
. Users of the Services may have the opportunity to refer contacts to us and share their contact information. Please do not provide us with someone's contact information unless you have their permission to do so.
2. Use of Personal Information
We use personal information to provide the Services and for purposes that you reasonably expect
. Nebula's primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with access to our Platform, to provide the Services you request, and to operate our business. We also use personal information for the purposes set forth below and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection.
To Provide the Services
. We may use personal information to provide our Services and operate our business. For example, we use personal information to:
fulfill your requests for selecting and purchasing merch and subscriptions;
establish, manage, monitor, and maintain your account on our Platform;
improve and personalize your experience on or with the Services;
verify your identity or determine your eligibility for offers and promotions;
communicate with you, including providing notices about your account or transaction, and responding to any of your requests or questions;
provide any surveys, contests, or promotions that you participate in;
provide maintenance and support; and
fulfill any other purpose for which you provide personal information.
Research and Development
. We use personal information for research and development purposes, including to study and improve the Services and our business, understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, and develop new features, functionality, products, and services. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified, or other anonymous data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes.
Direct Marketing
. We may send you Nebula-related or other direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including materials, updates, information, special offers, and promotional material from us and our business partners. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the "YOUR CHOICES" section below.
Interest-Based Advertising
. We may work with third-party advertising companies and social media companies to help us advertise our business and to display ads for our products and services. These companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about you (including the online activity information and device information described above in the section called "Personal Information Automatically Collected") over time across our Services and other websites and services or your interaction with our emails, and use that information to serve ads that they think will interest you. In addition, some of these companies may use hashed customer lists that we share with them to deliver ads to you and to similar users on their platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the "Your Choices" section below.
To Comply with Laws and Regulations
. We will use personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
. We may use personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the Services and our products and services, business, databases, and other technology assets; (b) protect our, your, or others' rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (c) audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies; (d) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; and (e) prevent, identify, investigate, and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
With Your Consent
. We will disclose your personal information in accordance with your prior direction or, in some cases, we may specifically ask you for your consent to collect, use, or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
3.
Sharing of Personal Information
We share personal information as necessary to provide the Services and for purposes described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy
or at the time of collection, including with related companies, service providers, advertising partners (including for interest-based advertising), and to law enforcement, authorities, and other third parties as may be necessary for compliance, fraud prevention, safety, or in the event of a business transaction.
Related Companies
. We may share your personal information with our affiliates, subsidiaries, and other related companies.
Creators.
We may share your personal information with the Nebula community of digital video creators and podcasters.
Service Providers
. We may share your personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf that are necessary for the orderly operation of our business. For example, we work with services providers who help us perform e-commerce and product fulfillment, billing, payment processing, website hosting, app design, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, app analytics, fraud protection, credit risk reduction, marketing, and other purposes.
Advertising Partners
. We may also share personal information with third parties who we partner with for advertising campaigns or that collect information about your activity on the Services for the purposes described in the "Interest-Based Advertising" section above.
Professional Advisors
. We may share personal information with persons, companies, or professional firms providing Nebula with advice and consulting in accounting, administrative, legal, tax, financial, debt collection, and other matters.
Law Enforcement
. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose personal information to law enforcement, government authorities, and other parties if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).
Authorities and Others for Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
. We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or for the purposes described above in the section titled "Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety."
Business Transaction Participants
. We may disclose personal information to third parties in connection with any business transaction (or potential transaction) involving a merger, acquisition, sale of shares or assets, financing, consolidation, reorganization, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
4. Your Choices
You have choices regarding your personal information
, such as canceling your subscription, unsubscribing from marketing emails, and blocking third-party cookies (including for interest-based advertising).
Modifications to Your Personal Information
. We rely on you to update and correct the personal information contained in your account. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law. If our Platform does not permit you to update or correct certain personal information, please contact us as described below.
Delete Your Account
. If you wish to delete your account with us, you may do so by logging into your account and selecting "Delete account".
Marketing Emails
. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials. You can stop receiving marketing emails by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in the emails or by updating your preferences in your account. If you decide not to receive marketing emails, we may still send you service-related communications, such as those about your account, to fulfill orders for offers you have requested, or deliver notifications directly to you through our Platform.
Mobile Application Push Notifications
. Upon download of the mobile application, you were provided the option to opt-in to receiving notifications that may include alerts, sounds, and icon badges. Push notifications can be configured in settings on your mobile device.
Cookies.
Most browsers let you remove and/or stop accepting cookies from the websites you visit. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser's settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all functionality of the Services and our Website may not work properly. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your browser and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Analytics.
The Nebula Store uses Google Analytics to help us analyze how the Website is being accessed and used. You can learn more about Google Analytics cookies by clicking
here
and about how Google protects your data by clicking
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available
here
.
Advertising Choices
.
You can limit the use of your information for interest-based advertising by blocking third-party cookies in your browser settings, using browser plug-ins/extensions, and/or using your mobile device settings to limit the use of the advertising ID associated with our mobile device. You can also opt out of interest-based ads from companies participating in the following industry opt-out programs by visiting the linked websites: the Network Advertising Initiative (
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (
https://optout.aboutads.info
). Users of our Mobile Application may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in through participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, available
here
, and selecting the user's choices. Some of the companies we work with may offer their own opt-out mechanisms.
Many of the opt-out preferences described in this section must be set on each device and/or browser for which you want them to apply. Please note that some of the advertising companies we work with may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms described above, so even after opting-out, you may still receive interest-based advertisements from other companies. If you opt-out of interest-based advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may be less relevant to you.
Do Not Track.
Some browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to online services that you visit. The Website does not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
5. Security of Personal Information
We build security into our Platform
that is designed to protect your personal information, but no method over the Internet is fully secure.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from the risks presented by unauthorized access or acquisition, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access or acquisition of your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
6. Other Sites and Services
The Services may contain links to other websites and online services
. We encourage you to read any such third party's policies and terms to understand how your personal information may be processed.
The Services may contain links to other websites and online services operated by third parties. For example, the videos we present may contain advertisement materials from sponsors. The presence of these sponsors is up to the individual creator. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on websites or online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third party websites or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites and online services follow different rules regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites and online services you use.
7. International Transfers of Personal Information
We process personal information in the United States
and potentially other countries or locations that may be outside your home country.
Nebula is based in the United States, and we have service providers in the United States and potentially other countries. Your personal information may be collected, used, and stored in these countries or other locations outside of your home country. Privacy laws in the locations where we handle your personal information may not be as protective as the privacy laws in your home country. By providing your personal information, where applicable law permits, you specifically and expressly consent to such transfer and processing and the collection, use, and disclosure set forth herein.
Users located in Europe can view more information about cross-border transfers in the section below titled "Notice to European Residents."
8. Children's Privacy
The Platform and Services are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16.
9. California "Shine the Light" Requests
We do not disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents who have an established business relationship with a company are entitled to ask for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose personal information obtained through our Services to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Accordingly, we have no obligations under California Civil Code §1798.83.
10. Notice to Nevada Residents
We do not "sell" personal information to third parties for monetary consideration, but Nevada residents may still submit a request should our practices change.
Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A allows Nevada residents to opt-out of the "sale" of certain types of personal information. Subject to several exceptions, Nevada law defines "sale" to mean the exchange of certain types of personal information for monetary consideration to another person. We do not currently sell personal information as defined in the Nevada law. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you still may submit a verified request to opt-out of sales using the contact information listed at the end of this Privacy Policy and we will record your instructions and incorporate them in the future if our policy changes.
11. Notice to European Residents
The legal basis for which we process personal information and your corresponding rights depend on the context in which we collect and use the information. If you are located in the EEA or UK, this section describes the various legal bases we rely on and the rights you have concerning your personal information.
The information provided in this section applies only to individuals in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (collectively, "
Europe
"). Except as otherwise specified, references to "personal information" in this Privacy Policy are equivalent to "personal data" governed by European data protection legislation.
Controller
. The controller of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of European data protection legislation is Watch Nebula LLC, 12 W 27th Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10001.
Legal Bases for Processing
. The legal bases of our processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we process it. However, the legal bases we typically rely on are set out in the table below. We rely on our legitimate interests as our legal basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the legal basis of how we process your personal information, contact us as provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Processing Purpose
(as described above in the "Use of Personal Information" section)
Legal Basis
To Provide the Services
Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our operation of the Services, or to take steps that you request prior to engaging our services. Where we cannot process your personal information as required to operate the Services on the grounds of contractual necessity, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests as further described in this Privacy Policy.
Research and Development
Processing is based on our legitimate interests in performing research and development as described in this Privacy Policy.
Direct Marketing
Interest-Based Advertising
Processing is based on your consent where that consent is required by applicable law. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consented or via the relevant Services.
Where such consent is not required by applicable law, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests in promoting our business and providing you with tailored, relevant content.
To Comply with Laws and Regulations
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations or based on our legitimate interests in protecting our or others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property.
With Your Consent
Processing is based on your consent. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consent or via the relevant Services.
Use for New Purposes
. We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis.
Retention
. We will retain your personal information for so long as your account is active or as necessary to fulfill the purpose of collection, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish and defend legal claims, for fraud prevention purposes, or as long as required to meet our legal obligations. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your Rights
. European data protection laws may give you certain rights regarding your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Access
. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct
. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete
. Delete your personal information.
Port
. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict
. Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object
. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
You may submit these requests by contacting us as provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or our response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. In the European Economic Area, you can find your data protection regulator
here
. In the United Kingdom, you can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
. If we transfer your personal information to a country outside of Europe such that we are required to apply additional safeguards to your personal information under European data protection laws, we will do so. Please contact us as provided at the end of this Privacy Policy for further information about any such transfers or the specific safeguards applied.
11. Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or any other privacy or security issue, please contact us at
privacy@nebula.tv
.