Who are we?
We are Flight Sim Studio or Real Mobile Simulation company (“RMS”,“iTechgen”,“we,” “our,” “us”). We recognise that you care how information about you is collected and used and have created this privacy policy to inform you of our practices regarding collection, use, and sharing of information.
The practices described in this privacy policy apply to information gathered through our games and through our main websites "realmobilesimulation.com", (“App”, “Game”, “Simulator”, "Website"), and do not reflect our practices with respect to information gathered through offline means or through our other services, specifically our support messages (“http://www.realmobilesimulation.com/contact/”).
This privacy policy will be published in English. If this privacy policy is published in any language other than English, the English language version will be the governing agreement and shall control interpretation of all matters discussed below.
Please read the following carefully and do not hesitate to contact us via realmobilesimulation@gmail.com if you have any questions about how we use your personal information. Use of the Game is subject to the Terms of Use and to our personal information gathering and dissemination practices and policies described below.
What information do we hold about you?
Your personal information
We hold your first and last names, your email address if you contact us and provide your first name or last name.
Device Type
We hold the Device Type (specifically, the model and/or operating system you are running the App on) if you provide it to us for support needs. This is for the purpose of system diagnostics and for the prevention and detection of fraud.
How do we use this information?
We use your information to provide our services. This is to:
Help us to find bugs and optimisations for current device type
Improve our services (system diagnostics).
Fraud detection and prevention.
Who do we share your information with?
We are using your information only for technical support and we don’t share it.
How long do we keep your data for?
We keep your data for support until you request for us to terminate it. You can request for us to terminate it by contacting us through realmobilesimulation@gmail.com.
What are your rights?
Request access to all personal data about you we store.
Request data deletion. Note this will result in the termination of your email communication.
To do so, please contact us through realmobilesimulation@gmail.com
Where do we store your data?
Your data is stored in the Gmail.com realmobilesimulation@gmail.com account inbox only.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or link to third party products or services in our Game. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Does FDS comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act?
Our Game is directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. If you are under the age of 13, per the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), you are not permitted to use the Game or any our service.
Does RMS comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?
RMS respects privacy rights under Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Your rights are outlined in the above section, “What are your rights?”, specifically relating to access, rectification, erasure and data portability.
How can I contact RMS about privacy?
You can send questions and complaints to:
Real Mobile Simulation studio:
realmobilesimulation@gmail.com
Changes to this policy
We’ll post any changes we make to our privacy notice on this page and, if they’re significant changes we’ll let you know within the Game of through an announcement through our Services.
Last Revision: October 24th 2018