What personal information does Quran Study App collect?
We may receive and store any information you submit to the app, or otherwise authorize us to obtain, such as: configuration settings, engagement metrics, or cookies.
How does Quran Study App use the information it collects?
The Quran Study App uses the information it collects (i) internally, to analyze, develop and improve its products and services, and (ii) as set forth below in the “Will Quran Study share any of the personal information it collects” section below.
Will Quran Study share any of the personal information it collects?
Personal information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone (with the exception of sharing your information with applicable partners (”Partners) as described below.
Agents
: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and possibly need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of personal information for the above purposes.
Business Transfers:
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if our assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that are transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that any acquirer of us may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Security:
We may also release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Data Protection
Our user data is very important to us and we use industry-standard best practices to protect user data.
Conditions of Use
If you decide to use or otherwise access the Quran Study App, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy are subject to this Privacy Policy, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law.
Can children use this service?
The Service is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believe that children of any age should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when they use or otherwise access the Software after such changes have been first posted.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please send us a detailed message at quranstudy19 (at) gmail.com
Share this:
Like
Loading...