Effective Date: January 15, 2019
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) describes how Simple. (“
Company
” or “
Simple
”
                        or
                        “
we
” or
                        “
our
” or “
us
”) treats information collected or provided in connection with an end
                        user’s (“you” or
                        “your” or “User”) use of the Simple mobile device software application (“
App
”) and
                        the
                        Simple website located at
https://www.getsimple.app/
(the “Online
                        Service” and together with
                        the App, the “
Services
”). The Service is used by Users to keep track of and analyze the
                        User’s
                        activities with one or more sharing economy services providers (each a “
Provider
”).
                        Please note that
                        your use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of this Policy as set forth below.
1.
Provision of Third Party Credentials
. In order for us to provide the Services to you,
                        we may ask
                        that you (i) provide us with log-in credentials to your Provider accounts so that we can access
                        and
                        use your Provider account information as described in this Policy and/or (ii) provide us with
                        your
                        email credentials so that we may access the emails a Provider sends to such email account and
                        use
                        such email content as described in this Policy. If you do not consent to our access to these
                        accounts or these credentials, please do not use the Services. Such credentials may be subject
                        to
                        unauthorized access and use despite Simple’s use of reasonable security measures, as no
                        security measures are 100% effective.

                        Simple recommends that you do not provide Simple with log-in credentials for any email
                        account that you use for purposes other than your Provider relationships. In particular,
                        Simple
                        does not recommend that you provide Simple, or any third party, with log-in credentials for
                        an
                        e-mail account that you use in connection with any financial accounts, health data repositories
                        or
                        other services through which sensitive information may be obtained. There are many free services
                        (such as Gmail, Yahoo! Mail and Hotmail) through which you may create an e-mail account that you
                        use
                        only for purposes of your Provider relationships and your use of the Services.
2.
Collected Information
. The information collected during your use of the Services
                        includes the
                        following:
(a) Submitted Information
. As part of using the Services, you may submit certain
                            information to
                            us. For example, when you register for an account on the Services we will collect
                            information
                            from you, including Personal Information such as your first and last name, phone number, a
                            photo
                            that you upload and an email address. “Personal Information” means information such as a
                            name or
                            email address that we can directly associate with a specific person or entity without
                            additional
                            information. To the extent you decline to share certain information with us, we may not be
                            able
                            to provide some or all of the features and functionalities found on the Services.
(b) Provider Data
. To provide you with the Services, we will use the log-in
                            credentials you
                            provide to review the contents of emails in your email accounts relating to your activities
                            and
                            transactions with Providers as well as information available through your Provider accounts
                            relating to activities and transactions with that Provider. By way of example only, this
                            information may include the number of miles driven over a given time, the amount of payments
                            received from the Provider per task, or the number of times you worked with that Provider
                            over a
                            given period. We may analyze this information to come up with meaningful analysis of this
                            data,
                            such as the average amount of money earned per trip for the Provider or which times engaging
                            for
                            the Provider gives you the most payment.
(c)Automatically Collected Information
. When you use the Services, we gather certain
                            non-personally identifiable information from you, and this information can be associated
                            with
                            your user account. This includes usage information, such as information on when, how often
                            and
                            for how long you use the Online Service, as well as server log data such as a computer’s IP
                            address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to the Online
                            Service. We
                            also collect information about the time and location you used the Store Service and the
                            amount
                            of change you added or redeemed.
(d)Tracking and Cookies
. The Services may use both web beacons and cookies to collect
                            information. “Beacons” (also often referred to as “pixels”) are tiny graphics on a web page
                            designed to track when a page is viewed. “Cookies” are small text files containing a string
                            of
                            alphanumeric characters that are downloaded by your web browser or mobile device when you
                            visit
                            a website. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies when you access and use
                            the
                            Services. Cookies may be used, for example, to remember your user account information and
                            your
                            preferences, to customize the interface of the Services for you and to assist us in
                            measuring
                            and analyzing Service traffic. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A
                            persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on
                            subsequent visits to the Services. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your
                            browser’s documentation to learn the best way to modify your cookie settings. Like many
                            websites, the Services does not currently respond to “do not track” browser headers.
                            However,
                            you can take steps to limit tracking by erasing cookies from your computer’s hard drive and
                            by
                            setting your browser to block all cookies or warn you before a cookie is stored.
(e) Analytics
. We use certain third party services to assist us in analysis, auditing,
                            research,
                            and reporting regarding the Services. These third parties may use web logs or web beacons,
                            and
                            they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device. In particular, we use
                            Google
                            Analytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed in this
                            Policy. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics at
                            https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
(f) Location-Based Information
. If you allow location-based tracking through your
                            mobile device
                            and App preferences, we will receive information regarding your precise location (using the
                            GPS
                            antenna within your device) when the App is running on your device. We also receive
                            information
                            from the compass on your mobile device, including course, velocity and altitude.
3.
Use of Information
. We internally use the information we collect as follows:
(a) Provider Data
. With your authorization, we may access your email account or a
                            Provider
                            account to pull information about your history with that Provider. For example, this may
                            include
                            the number of miles driven or the amount of payment received from the Provider per task. We
                            use
                            this information to analyze the data and provide you with information about your engagement
                            with
                            the Provider.
(b) Provision of Services
. We may use collected information for the purposes for which
                            you
                            provided the information including, for example, to create and maintain an account for you
                            or to
                            respond to a question that you e-mail to us. We also use the collected information as
                            necessary
                            to provide the features and functionality of the Services to you and as reasonably necessary
                            for
                            our business operations.
(c) Updates and Troubleshooting
. We may also use the collected information to contact
                            you
                            regarding updates or modifications to the Services or to help troubleshoot problems, provide
                            you
                            with required notices in connection with disputes between you and another user or alert you
                            to
                            changes in our policies or agreements that may affect your use of the Services.
(d) Personalized Content
. We may use the collected information to personalize the
                            content that
                            you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences.
(e) Analytics and Improvements
. We may also analyze collected information relating to
                            your use of
                            the Services in order to help us improve the Services and develop and improve other products
                            and
                            services.
(f) Promotional Offers
. We may use the collected information to provide you with
                            promotional
                            materials and offers. However, we will give you the ability to opt out of receiving such
                            e-mails
                            in accordance with applicable law. We will not provide your personally identifiable
                            information
                            to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent.
(g) Combination
. We may combine personal information collected through the Services
                            with other
                            information that we or third parties collect about you in other contexts—such as our
                            communications with you via email, SMS text or phone, or your customer service records.
4.
Disclosure of Information
. We share and disclose the information we collect about you
                        as
                        follows:
(a) Third-party Service Providers
. We use contractors and third-party service
                            providers to assist us
                            in making the Services available. Such third-party contractors or service providers may
                            obtain
                            access to the information you provide, including personally identifiable information. They
                            are
                            required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy by, for
                            example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the Services they
                            are
                            performing for us.
(b) Advertising
. We may provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregated,
                            non-personally
                            identifiable information about our user base and its interests and usage patterns. We may
                            also
                            partner with third party advertising companies in order to serve advertising regarding our
                            products
                            and services to users elsewhere on the web after they visit our website. This is a common
                            practice
                            called “retargeting.” For more information on such practices and the ability to opt-out, you
                            may
                            visit http://www.aboutads.info.
(c) Aggregated Data
. We may make aggregated, anonymous data relating to activity on
                            this Service
                            available to third parties. By way of example only, this may include the provision or
                            publication of
                            reports regarding average income of contractors of a given Provider during some time period.
(d) Business Arrangements
. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information to
                            third-party
                            partners in furtherance of our business arrangements with them, including without limitation
                            to
                            jointly offer a product or service to you or create interoperability between our products
                            and
                            services and the products and services of such partners.
(e) Transfer as Corporate Asset
. In the event of a merger, sale of capital stock or
                            assets,
                            reorganization, consolidation or similar transaction involving Company, the information we
                            possess,
                            including personally identifiable information, shall be transferred as a corporate asset to
                            the
                            acquiring entity.
(f) Legal Requirement
. We will use and disclose information where we, in good faith,
                            believe that the
                            law or legal process (such as a court order, search warrant or subpoena) requires us to do
                            so or in
                            other circumstances where we believe it is necessary to protect the rights or property of
                            Company,
                            our users and/or third parties.
(g) Affiliates
. We may disclose this information to our affiliates for use as
                            described in this
                            Policy.
5.
Effective Date; Changes
. When we make any changes to our practices under this Policy,
                        we will change
                        the Effective Date. We will treat your continued use of the Services following such change as
                        your
                        acceptance of the changes. However, we will seek your affirmative consent prior to applying any
                        material
                        change to this Policy on how we use or disclose personally identifiable information to
                        information we
                        collected or received prior to the date of the change.
6.
Third Parties
. The Services may contain offers from third parties or links to
                        third-party websites.
                        This Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to or that may be collected by
                        third
                        parties. We encourage you to request such third parties to provide you with their applicable
                        privacy
                        policies and other terms and conditions before engaging with or making a purchase from such
                        third
                        parties.
7.
Viewing, Amending and Deleting Information
. You can log into your account and view or
                        amend your
                        account information at any time. To delete all data associated you’re your account, please email
                        us at
info@getsimple.app
. Please note that while changes
                        to your profile
                        information are reflected promptly
                        in active user databases, our servers may retain previously provided information.
8.
Security
. The personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored in
                        limited access
                        servers. We will maintain reasonable safeguards to protect the security of these servers and
                        your
                        personally identifiable information. However, no security measures are 100% effective and we
                        cannot
                        guarantee the security of your personally identifiable information. We expressly disclaim any
                        representation or warranty, whether express or implied, with respect to ensuring, guaranteeing
                        or
                        otherwise offering any definitive promise of security in connection with your personal
                        information or
                        usage information.
9.
Children Under 13
. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 and
                        the Services are
                        not directed at children under 18. If you are a parent and believe your child under the age of
                        13 has
                        used the Services and provided personally identifiable information to us through the Services,
                        please
                        contact us at the phone number and address provided in Section 10 of this Policy and we will
                        work to
                        delete that Service account and any such personally identifiable information.
10.
Transfer to the U.S
. or Other Countries. Company uses facilities in the United States.
                        Your
                        information will be stored and processed in the United States or other countries where Company
                        has
                        facilities. By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your
                        country,
                        even if your country has more rigorous data protection standards.
11.
Contacting Us
. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at:
                        Simple.
                        Attn: Privacy Questions
                        2225 E Bayshore Rd, Palo Alto, CA 94303