Privacy Policy
Next Spaceflight website is a free Service. This SERVICE is provided by NASASpaceflight LLC at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding policies with the collection, use,
    and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the SERVICE.
If you choose to use the SERVICE, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy.
    The Personal Information collected is used for providing and improving the SERVICE.
    It will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using the SERVICE, it may require you to provide certain personally identifiable information,
    including but not limited to crash reports and usage analytics. The information that is requested will be retained and used as described in this privacy policy.
The website does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you including Firebase, Google Analytics, and Twitter.
YouTube Terms of Service
Next Spaceflight leverages YouTube API services on the Starship tab of the mobile app.
    By using the Starship page, you are agreeing to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service
.
    The YouTube API is simply used to display related Starship videos and does not collect any user information.
Google's privacy policy can be found here:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Log Data
Whenever you use the SERVICE, in case of an error in the website it collects data and information (through third party products)
    on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your devices’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
    device name, operating system version, configuration of the website when utilizing the Service, the time and date of your use of the SERVICE, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier.
    These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your devices’s internal memory.
This SERVICE may use cookies and the website may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies”
    to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies,
    and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
The SERVICE may employ third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
To facilitate our SERVICE;
To provide the SERVICE on our behalf;
To perform SERVICE-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our SERVICE is used.
We want to inform users of this SERVICE that these third parties have access to your Personal Information.
    The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
The SERVICE values your trust in providing your Personal Information, thus strives to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
    But remember, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and reliable, and cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This SERVICE may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
    Note that these external sites are not operated by the SERVICE. Therefore, it is strongly advised that you review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
    The SERVICE has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
The SERVICE does not address anyone under the age of 16. It does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 16.
    In the case it is discovered that a child under 16 has provided personal information, it will be immediately deleted from the servers which provide the SERVICE.
    If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,
    please contact us so that we will be able to perform necessary actions to remove such data from the SERVICE.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
    Notification of change will be provided via the posting of the new Privacy Policy on this page.
    These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
