Skip to content
Streamsoft Inc. Privacy Policy
This is a website of Streamsoft Inc.
Overview
Streamsoft appreciates your visit to this website. Your privacy and trust are important to us so we have provided this policy in order to make sure that your expectations and our practices are aligned. The goal of this policy is that you are aware of your choices in regard to our use and disclosure of the information you provide to this site.
This Privacy Policy describes the policies of Streamsoft  (“Streamsoft” or “we”), regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of the following types of information:
Information obtained when you (“you” or “User”) visit the Artist Connection website (“the Site”).
Information obtained through email communications with you related to the Site.
This privacy policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and your consent to any action we take with respect to your information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We may change the terms of this Privacy Policy, so Users are encouraged to review this page from time to time. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to the Privacy Policy means that you accept the changes.
Information We Collect & How We Collect It
We require you to provide certain information about yourself when you register with this Site and when you request products and services. We also collect information when you participate in contests and surveys, when you respond to requests for feedback and when you submit postings to public areas of this Site and other sites (e.g., moderated discussions and bulletin boards) related to the business activities of Streamsoft.
The information we collect may include information from which you may be personally identified (“Personally Identifiable Information”), such as name and email address. This Site only collects Personally Identifiable Information with your knowledge. When you visit this Site, we may collect the IP address of your computer. We also use automatic data collection technology to record other information that identifies your computer and tracks your behavior on the Site. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information in this way, but if you provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, we may associate that information with the information that is collected automatically.
Streamsoft also uses Google Analytics Display Advertising to track Age, Gender and Interest data. While no personal information is collected through Google Analytics, you can opt out of this tracking by clicking
here
.
How We Use Your Information
We process your data :
To provide you with this Site and other products and services.
To respond to your inquiries and contact you about changes regarding the Site
For any other purpose disclosed at the time the information is collected or to which you consent
As otherwise specifically described in this Privacy Policy
We also may use your information to better understand our Users and to improve our Site. For example, we may use this information to determine what portions of the Site are most popular and the demographics of our Users generally. Cookies and other User information also enable us to customize your experience on the Site. We may use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers or to administer our Site. We may also use IP addresses to help identify a User during a particular session and to gather data regarding use of the Site.
We may also receive legal requests, such as a search warrant, a court order or a subpoena from authorities in countries in which we operate. We may need to access, preserve and share your personal data with law enforcement authorities, courts and other public authorities, our advisors, attorneys, auditors and others who participate in the legal process in response to a legal request. Information we process about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation.
We may use the information you provide us to send you email or other communications on behalf of Streamsoft and our affiliates. These communications may include email newsletters that are relevant to this Site and our services, as well as offers for our affiliates’ services.
All email newsletters will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of receiving future issues of the newsletter.
You may also opt out of receiving third party offers from this Site at any time by sending an email to
support@artistconnection.net
with the subject line “Opt-out”.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated, anonymous statistics about many Users, and individual information that is not Personally Identifiable Information without restriction as long as no individual is identifiable by the information disclosed, and otherwise will not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information except as follows:
Name and/or business name and title (but not information by which you may be contacted (i.e. name, postal address, telephone number, fax number and email address ) in representative lists of our promotional material and/or web site membership, but not for further use or dissemination by the recipient. You may opt out of such disclosures by sending an email to
support@artistconnection.net
with the subject line: “do not disclose.”
To third parties engaged to provide services under contractual requirement to keep Personally Identifiable Information confidential and use it only to perform the services.
Portions of this Site may be provided as “Premium” or “Sponsored” content. Premium or Sponsored content is made available to Users on the condition that we may share, certain information of the User’s registration with the Premium or Sponsored content sponsors and advertisers. We will always disclose when you are registering or being provided with Premium or Sponsored content. You may opt out of such disclosures by sending an email to
support@artistconnection.ne
t
with the subject line: “do not disclose.”
Other third parties that market their products or services are under contractual requirement to keep Personally Identifiable Information confidential and use it only to market and provide their products or services. You may opt out of such disclosures by sending an email to
support@artistconnection.net
with the subject line: “do not disclose.”
To any successor pursuant to an asset sale, merger, consolidation, restructuring, reorganization, liquidation or other similar transaction involving Streamsoft or this Site.
When we believe such disclosure is required by law, regulation or securities exchange requirement or for the protection of persons or property.
When disclosure is necessary to accomplish the purpose for which you provide it.
We also may use your information to better understand our Users and to improve our Site. For example, we may use this information to determine what portions of the Site are most popular and the demographics of our Users generally. Cookies and other User information also enable us to customize your experience on the Site. We may use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers or to administer our Site. We may also use IP addresses to help identify a User during a particular session and to gather data regarding use of the Site.
Security
We use reasonable safeguards to protect Personally Identifiable Information we collect on this Site from unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure. However, due to the design of the Internet and other factors outside of our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
Right to Access & Change Information
You may view and update information that you previously submitted to this Site by sending an email to
support@artistconnection.net
.
However, a request to change information may not be accommodated if the request would conflict with legal requirements or result in incorrect information. Requests to view or change personal information may take a few days to process.
Right to Request for Erasure
You have the right to request erasure of your data from our systems.  To exercise your data protection rights, please email us at
support@artistconnection.net
.  Please use ‘Data Erasure Request’ as the title and include your email address in the body of the message.
We will comply with your request to the extent required by applicable law. We will not be able to respond to a request if we no longer hold your Personally Identifiable Information. If you feel that you have not received a satisfactory response from us, you may have the right under applicable laws to consult with the data protection authority in your country.
For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request, such as verifying that the email address from which you send the request matches your email address that we have on file. If we no longer need to process Personally Identifiable Information about you in order to provide our Services or our Sites, we will not maintain, acquire or process additional information in order to identify you for the purpose of responding to your request.
Links
This Site contains content, services, advertising and other materials that link to Web sites operated by third parties. We have no control over those other sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to them. We encourage you to refer to the privacy policies, if any, of those sites.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By clicking "Accept", you consent to our use of cookies. You can find out more about how we use cookies in our
privacy policy
.
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by
GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!