Welcome to our Privacy Policy page! When you use our web services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully.
Information We Collect
We collect information to provide better services to all our users. We collect information in the following ways:
Information you give us. For example, our services require you to sign up for an account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number, or credit card.
Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content.
How We Use Information We Collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect, and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
Information We Share
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations, and individuals outside of our company unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent. We will share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of our company when we have your consent to do so.
For legal reasons. We will share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of our company if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of our company, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
We hope this helps you understand our privacy policy. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us.