VMC (UK) Limited built the Flex app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by VMC (UK) Limited and is intended for use as such.
This page is used to inform visitors about our policies with regard to the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information for anyone using our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you automatically agree to the collection and use of information relating to this Policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The Flex Management Portal will display any organisation/employer specific terms relating to the use of this system.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this Privacy Policy.
The App does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Please find links below to privacy policies of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Firebase Analytics
Fabric
Crashlytics
Log Data
We inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the App we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the App when utilizing our Service, the time and date that you use the Service, and other relevant statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the App may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these "cookies" and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our "cookies", you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf, and they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, and assure you that we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services are not aimed at children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to carry out the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us either by email on
vmc@vmcltd.co.uk
or write to the Data Protection Team at VMC House, Northfield Road, Southam, Warwickshire, CV47 0FG. Alternatively you can telephone
01926 816400
.