Definitions
Principles
What we collect
How we use it
Legal basis
Retention
Data protection
Privacy Policy
What you can expect from us
Definitions
PopStroke
means PopStroke Holdings LLC a Delaware limited liability company and its affiliates and subsidiaries with a primary address of 1001 N. US Highway 1, Suite 500, Jupiter, FL 33477.
GDPR
General Data Protection Regulation Act.
Data Controller
means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
Data Processor
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
Data Subject
is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Principles for processing personal data
Our principles for processing personal data are:
Fairness and lawfulness.
When we process personal data, the individual rights of the Data Subjects must be protected. All personal data must be collected and processed in a legal and fair manner.
Restricted to a specific purpose.
The personal data of Data Subject must be processed only for specific purposes.
Transparency.
The Data Subject must be informed of how his/her data is being collected, processed and used.
What personal data we collect and process
PopStroke collects several different types of personal data for various purposes. Personal Data may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
How we use the personal data
Use of personal information collected from PopStroke website and mobile app is combined with other information collected about you and is used and disclosed in a number of ways by us, to help us better understand and serve our customers, including:
Providing you with, or otherwise responding to your requests for, information and/or services, including but not limited to e-newsletters, marketing programs, etc.
Providing you with information about new products or services, events at our locations, contests, sweepstakes and surveys, and other special offers and marketing programs, which may include information about partner companies or other programs any of us or them are involved with;
Displaying a member's first and last name and/or username on Leaderboards at Locations as well as on any digital platform such as this Site and social media;
Enhancing our customers' experiences at our Locations and on this Site;
Processing payments for merchandise and food and beverage purchased on our Site;
Analyzing customer behaviors and trends;
Conducting research and analysis and to otherwise measure the effectiveness of our online and offline marketing efforts and to develop products, services and marketing programs;
Coordinating program activities and communications with other marketing programs conducted by us
We do not sell or rent to third parties any of the personal information that you provide to us through this Site or at our Locations, or authorize any of our suppliers to sell or rent any such personal information, and we do not authorize any of our suppliers to make independent use of your personal information for their own purposes.
We may provide your information to partner companies with your permission and we may permit partner companies to collect your information directly from you with your permission. However, aggregated information about customers utilizing this Site, in surveys or otherwise providing information will be utilized in connection with research, benchmarking and other like uses related to general usage analytics.
Legal basis for collecting and processing personal data
PopStroke legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described in this Data Protection Policy depends on the personal data we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:
By submitting your information you have given PopStroke permission to do so
Retention of personal data
PopStroke will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Data Protection Policy.
PopStroke will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
Data protection rights
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what personal data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you
The right of rectification
The right to object
The right of restriction
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent