This policy applies to all information collected or submitted using Sunbeam’s apps for iPhone, and any other devices or platforms.
Information Sunbeam collects
Sunbeam collects current geolocation coordinates from your device for the purpose of obtaining weather data.
Technical basics
The Sunbeam app sends location data to Sunbeam’s servers, which store a record of any requests that have been made along with basic technical information (such as your device’s IP address) in temporary memory or logs. This information is periodically deleted.
Information usage
The information Sunbeam collects is used to obtain weather data and to help improve the Sunbeam app (for example, to support debugging of known issues).
Personal information is only shared with outside parties where Sunbeam is subject to a legal obligation to do so, or to the extent necessary to accomplish Sunbeam’s functionality. We may additionally disclose your information to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected fraud or abuse, or to protect our rights and property. Your location data is not sold to third parties or used to target advertising.
Security
Sunbeam takes steps to help keep your information secure. This includes collecting only the minimum data that is required to accomplish Sunbeam’s functionality, and securing communications between the app and Sunbeam’s servers using HTTPS.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
Sunbeam complies with the California Online Privacy Protection Act and will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
International transfers of information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored or used. If you are located in the European Union, by using Sunbeam you authorise us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
Your consent
By using the Sunbeam app, you consent to this privacy policy.
Contact
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
sunbeam@richardj.org
.
Changes to this policy
Any future updates to this policy will be published to this page. Previous changes are listed below:
30 December 2018: First published