Privacy policy
Last update November 30th, 2016
Platform Inc. respects the privacy of its online visitors and users of its website, products and services. Platform Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting information collected from users and has adopted this privacy policy to inform users about how Platform Inc. gathers, stores, and uses information derived from their use of Platform Inc. products, services and online sites.
This policy is current as of its last revision date. However, please note that this policy may be amended from time to time to reflect changes and additions to the privacy policy. Please check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy.
1. Definitions
1.1. The following terms used in this Privacy Police shall have the following definitions:
1.1.1. B"YouB" and B"YouB" relates to each and any user of the Website individually, who utilizes the Website, Our products, applications, services and tools, including any person that has entered into the Agreement with Us and also any person provided with the opportunity to file Application Forms by You (Your clients);
1.1.2. В"WeВ", В"OurВ" and В"UsВ" relates to Platform Inc. and the companies in the same corporate group;
1.1.3. В“WebsiteВ” - the website at http://platform.io.
1.1.4. В“The Application FormВ” is application form on advertisement or application form on publication.
1.1.5. В“AgreementВ” В– the agreement concluded between Us and any person that has decided to enter into the Agreement with Us in order to be provided with Our services.
2. Scope and Consent
2.1. You accept this Privacy Policy when You sign up for, access, or use Our products, services, content, features, technologies or functions offered on Our Website and all related sites, applications, and services. We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on Our Website. The revised version will be effective at the time We post it.
2.2. You acknowledge and agree that it is Your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of amendments. Your continued using of the Our Website, products and services will be deemed as Your acceptance of those changes.
3. Collection of Personal Information
3.1. We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide You with the use of and access to Our Website, products, applications, services and tools, and to help Us personalize and improve Your experience.
3.2. Information we collect automatically: When you visit the Website or use Our products, applications, services and tools, We collect information sent to us by Your computer, mobile phone or other access device. The information sent to Us includes but is not limited to the following: data about the pages You access, device type, connection information, mobile network information, advertisement placement statistics, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, and standard web log data and other information. We may use geo-location information (country, region, city from IP) for ad targeting but we do not collect this info. We do not use hyper-local targeting (less than 3 km radius).
3.3. Information You provide to Us: We may collect and store any information You enter on the Website or You provide to Us in context of using Our Website, applications, products, services, or tools.
3.4. When you visit the Website or use Our products, applications, services and tools, We also collect information about your transactions and Your activities. In addition, if You open a personal account on the Website, We may collect the following types of information:
3.4.1. Contact information, such as Your name or companyВ’s name, address, phone, email and other similar information.
3.4.2. Financial information, such as the full bank account numbers and/or credit card numbers that You link to Your account or give Us when You use Our products, applications, services and tools.
3.4.3. Detailed personal information such as Your date of birth or national ID number, country of legal entityВ’s registration, legal entityВ’s registration number etc.
3.5. Any content uploaded by You on the Website becomes published content and is not considered personal information subject to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for Your personal information which voluntarily was made accessible by You to the public.
4. Use the Personal Information We Collect
4.1. Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide You with a secure, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may use Your personal information to:
4.1.1. provide services, products and customer support;
4.1.2. process transactions and send notices about Your transactions;
4.1.3. collect fees;
4.1.4. resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems;
4.1.5. prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
4.1.6. enforce Our Agreement;
4.1.7. customize, measure, and improve Our Website, its content, products, applications, services, etc.;
4.1.8. contact You by email messaging;
4.1.9. compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties.
4.2. Your Personal Information collected by Us will be retained for as long as permitted by applicable law or necessary depending on the respective purpose of collection and shall be deleted when they no longer serve one of the above-mentioned purposes or shall be anonymized and therefore will no longer constitute Personal Information. It is clarified that in no case the retention period should exceed the 5 years from the date of collection. Once we have deleted or anonymized your Personal Information, you will not be able to exercise the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification or the right to data portability.
5. Exclusive rights
5.1. We obtain a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, right to exercise:
5.1.1. any and all advertising displays data;
5.1.2. advertisement placement statistics;
5.1.3. statistics on advertising placement page views;
5.1.4. and/or any other data You upload on the Website.
5.2. We can use data named above in order to customize, measure, and improve Our Website, its content, products, applications, services, etc., by creating commercial products based on such data.
6. Cookies
6.1. When You access Our Website, use Our applications, products, services, or tools, We may place small data files on Your computer or other device. These data files may be cookies, pixel tags, "Flash cookies," or other local storage provided by Your browser or associated applications (collectively "Cookies"). We use these technologies to recognize You as a customer; customize Our products and services, content, and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness; help ensure that Your account security is not compromised; mitigate risk and prevent fraud; and to promote trust and safety across Our Website.
6.2. We may use Cookies in advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web.
6.3. You are free to decline Our Cookies if Your browser or browser add-on permits, unless Our Cookies are required to prevent fraud or ensure the security of websites We control. However, declining Our Cookies may interfere with Your use of Our Website and Our products and services.
6.4. You can opt out from data collection if you prefer us not to deliver personalized advertising. If you opt out, Platform Inc. won't use the information collected to serve ads based on your interests. To opt-out, please follow this URL:
https://rtb.adx1.com/users/sync/opt-out
7.Protection and Storage of Personal Information
7.1. Throughout this policy, We use the term "personal information" to describe information that can be associated with a specific person or legal entity and can be used to identify that person or legal entity. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific user.
7.2. We store and process Your personal information on Our computers all over the world where Our facilities are located.
7.3. We limit access to personal information about You to employees who We believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to You or in order to fulfill their official duties. These employees are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to liability, if they fail to meet these obligations.
7.4. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
7.5. We protect Your information using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration.
8. Disclosure
8.1. We may share your personal information with:
8.1.1. Other companies within Our corporate group of companies, Our subsidiaries, affiliates;
8.1.2.	Service providers under contract who help with Our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use Your information in connection with the services they perform for Us and not for their own benefit;
8.1.3.	Financial institutions that We partner with to jointly create and offer Our products and services;
8.1.4.	Companies that We plan to merge with or are acquired by, or if Platform Inc. is divided, separated, consolidated or transformed to another legal form. In that case We will give You prior notice before the information is disclosed;
8.1.5.	Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process or requirement applicable to Platform Inc. or one of its affiliates;
8.1.6.	When We need to disclose Your personal information to comply with law or credit card rules;
8.1.7.	When We believe, in our sole discretion, that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of Our Agreement.
8.2. We will require third parties listed above to use and process Your personal information pursuant Our instructions and in compliance with their own privacy policy.
8.3. In order to disclose Your Personal Information to any other legal or natural persons not specified above We will ask for Your prior consent.
9. Third partiesВ’ websites
9.1. Our Website may contain links to other websites which are outside Our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
9.2. If You access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from You which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from Ours.
9.3. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies and their information protection practices.
9.4. Please check these policies before You submit any information to these websites.
10. Disclaimer of warranty
10.1. Using Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing the Website and communicating electronically with Us, You acknowledge and agree to the way We process the information.
10.2. Although We will do Our best to protect Your information, We cannot warrant the security of Your information transmitted to Our Website; any transmission is at Your own risk.
10.3. Once we have received Your information, We will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
11.	Access or Change of personal information
11.1. You can review and edit Your personal information at any time by logging in to Your account and reviewing Your account settings and profile.
11.2. You can also close Your account through the Website. If you close Your account, We will mark Your account in our database as В“ClosedВ”, but may retain personal information from Your account for a certain period of time to collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, prevent fraud, enforce our Agreement, or take other actions as required or permitted by law.
11.3. You have a right to access the personal data We held about You.
11.4. Except to the extent we have a basis for retention, you may request that we delete your personal information that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining. Note also that we are not required to delete your personal information that we did not collect directly from you.
11.5. To obtain a copy of the personal information We hold about You, please write to Us at
support@taplab.app
12. Questions
12.1. If You have any requests concerning Your personal information or any queries with regard to this Privacy Policy please feel free to contact Us through our Website or by
support@taplab.app