Contents
1.
Introduction
2.
Terminology
3.
For Fit’s purposes of processing
3.1
For Fit has identified specific Purposes of Processing
3.2
For Fit’s Purpose of Processing have a lawful and valid basis
3.3
The Processing is limited to only what is necessary for achieving the For Fit’s Purpose of Processing
For Fit’s Purposes of Processing are limited to
                        certain categories of Data Subjects and to certain categories of
                        Personal Data (data minimization)
Personal Data collected by For Fit is accurate, integral
                      and confidential (accuracy and confidentiality)
Processing of Personal Data within For Fit is performed for
                      the period needed to fulfil the Purpose of Processing (storage limitation)
Processing outside the For Fit’s
                      Purposes of Processing is generally forbidden (change of purpose)
Transfer of Personal Data
Profiling and Automated Data Decision Making
4.
For Fit enables the data subjects’ rights
4.1
For Fit informs the Data Subjects of the Processing activity
4.2
For Fit personnel recognizes and knows how to deal with a request
                            from Data Subjects
5.
Fostering data protection compliance in For Fit
5.1
Data Protection Officer appointed by For Fit
5.2
Internal roles dedicated to Data Protection Compliance at business departments’ level
5.3
Internal Regulations
6.
Account deletion
1
Introduction
Data Protection Policy (a) applies to the Processing of Personal Data
                            by electronic means and in paper-based filing systems, (b) excludes
                            any processing of Personal Data of employees, candidates of the
                            Company, and (c) does not address obligations For Fit
                            may be subject to under local laws and other applicable regulatory laws.
This Data Protection Policy enters into force on 25 May 2018. Until then,
                            all For Fit personnel will make all necessary
                            actions to abide by it.
THE OBSERVANCE AND CORRECT APPLICATION IN PRACTICE OF THIS DATA PRIVACY
                            COMPLIANCE POLICY WILL BE STRICTLY MONITORED BY THE COMPANY.
                            INTENTIONAL, NEGLIGENT OR ACCIDENTAL NON-OBSERVANCE OF THIS DATA
                            PRIVACY COMPLIANCE POLICY MAY RESULT IN SIGNIFICANT FINANCIAL AND
                            REPUTATIONAL LOSSES FOR For Fit AND, POSSIBLY,
                            DISCIPLINARY CONSEQUENCES FOR THE RESPONSIBLE For Fit
                            EMPLOYEES
EU Data Protection Laws impose the Company the full observance of the following principles:
Lawfulness, fairness and transparency
Personal Data shall be processed lawfully,
                                fairly and in a transparent manner in
                                relation to the Data Subject.
Purpose limitation
Personal Data shall be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate
                                    purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.
Data minimization
Personal Data shall be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary
                                    in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.
Accuracy
Personal Data shall be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date
Storage limitation
Personal Data shall be kept in a form which permits identification of Data
                                  Subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for
                                  which the Personal Data are processed.
Integrity and confidentiality
Personal Data shall be processed in a manner that ensures appropriate
                                    security of the Personal Data, including protection against
                                    unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss,
                                    destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or
                                    organizational measures.
Accountability
For Fit, as data controller shall be responsible
                                  for, and be able to demonstrate compliance with the EU Data
                                  Protection Laws.
Data ProtectionCompliance starts with every person making the personnel
                            of For Fit (“For Fit ” and/or the “Company”)
For Fit personnel is expected to handle Personal Data with care.
                            In this Data Protection Compliance Policy, it is explained how the protection of Personal Data must be
                            achieved throughout the Company. The following main directions are
                            mandatory and explained in this document:
• I only process Personal Data for specific Purpose(s) of Processing.
• I know that the Purpose of Processing has a valid lawful basis.
• I am transparent with Data Subjects.
• I am always informing natural persons in what the Company does with Personal Data (regardless of
                                the natural person being
                                a client, a supplier or any other business partner).
• The fact that I obtain Personal Data of a natural person representing a legal person or which is
                                acting as an employee of
                                a legal person does not make that Personal Data less important or outside data protection area.
• I only use Sensitive Personal Data if necessary and where expressly allowed.
• I make sure that Personal Data are up-to-date, complete and accurate.
• I treat seriously any request regarding Personal Data.
• I allow Data Subjects to correct, delete or block their Personal Data.
• I protect the Personal Data from unauthorized loss, alteration, disclosure or access.
This Data Protection Policy was drafted based on the letter of GDPR as at
                            the time of its drafting no local law was enacted. Any regulatory
                            development (either at EU or national level) may trigger the need to
                            amend or supplement this policy.
2
Terminology
Throughout this Data Protection Policy, the following terms will have the following meaning:
“Affiliate”
Means companies which are part of For Fit Group in
                                    European Union to which For Fit sends Personal Data.
“Automated decision making”
Means a process where input data are evaluated exclusively using IT
                                     devices, with no humans involved, i.e. in accordance with
                                     pre-defined criteria/algorithms and the ultimate decision passed
                                     has significant consequences for the Data Subject.
“Data Controller”
Means For Fit , as it stands for the entity which
                                     determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal
                                     Data.
“Data Processor”
Means the entity which performs the Processing of Personal Data on
                                    behalf of the Data Controller.
“Data Protection Officer”
Means an individual appointed by For Fit pursuant to
                                    a mandatory obligation under EU Data Protection Laws. DPO’s role
                                    is mainly: (a) to inform and advise the Company and its employees
                                    about their obligations to comply with the EU Data Protection
                                    Laws, (b) to monitor compliance with the EU Data Protection Laws,
                                    and (c) to be the first point of contact for supervisory
                                    authorities and for individuals whose data is processed. Details
                                    on DPO rights and responsibilities are set within this document.
“Data Subject”
Means the identified or identifiable person to whom Personal Data
                                    relates. For the sake of this policy, Data Subjects may be
                                    clients or representatives of suppliers and business partners.
“EU Data Protection Laws”
Means all laws and regulations applicable in European Union, regardless of them
                                    being primary legislation (such as national laws and/or GDPR,
                                    defined below) or secondary legislation (such as the Working Party
                                    Guidelines or other guidelines issued by the Supervisory
                                    Authority), applicable to the Processing of Personal Data.
“GDPR”
Means the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the
                                    Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with
                                    regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement
                                    of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
“Internal Regulation”
Means all internal documents (regardless of their name and object
                                    matter) mentioned in the Internal Registry.
“Personal Data”
Means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural
                                    person and, where such information is protected under applicable
                                    EU Data Protection Laws and Regulations. For the purpose herein,
                                    Personal Data includes Personal Data relating to criminal
                                    convictions and offences (as defined below) and Special Categories
                                    of Personal Data (as defined below).
“Personal Data relating to criminal convictions and offences“
Means Personal Data relating to criminal convictions, offences and/or pardons.
“Processing”
Means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon
                                    Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as for
                                    example collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage,
                                    adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure
                                    by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available,
                                    alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Profiling”
Means any form of automated processing of Personal Data consisting of
                                    the use of Personal Data to evaluate certain personal aspects
                                    relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict
                                    aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work,
                                    economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests,
                                    reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
“For Fit Records of processing”
Means records kept at Company level that provides an overview of all
                                    Processing activities within the organisation (e.g. what kind of
                                    data categories are being processed, by whom (which departments or
                                    business units) and for which underlying purposes of processing.
“Special Categories of Personal Data“
Means Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political
                                    opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union
                                    membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for
                                    the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data
                                    concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life
                                    or sexual orientation shall be prohibited.
“Sub-processor“
Means any person appointed by or on behalf of Data Processor or by an
                                    Affiliate to Process Personal Data on behalf of any Company Group
                                    Member;
“Supervisory Authority”
Means National Authority for Supervision and Protection of Personal Data
                                    or any other authority to which data protection responsibilities
                                    where attributed pursuant to the EU Data Protection Laws and
                                    Regulations” of any Member State.
“Transfer“
Means to disclose or otherwise make Personal Data available to third
                                    party (including to any Affiliate or Sub-processor), either by
                                    physical movement of the Personal Data to such third party or by
                                    enabling access to the Personal Data by other means. For sake of
                                    clarity, storage, back-up shall qualify as transfer for the
                                    purpose herein.
3
For Fit’s purpose of processing
For Fit has an inventory of the Purposes of
                            Processing currently applicable to the Company, The Purposes of Processing are
                            exhaustively mentioned in the For Fit Records
                            of Processing (kept by the Data Protection Officer), Each
                            Purpose of Processing has a legal valid basis and is directly linked
                            with the business activities of the Company, The Purposes of Processing constitute
                            the starting point for each activity of Processing and any deviation or amendment to them
                            will be immediately notified to the Data Protection Officer, Processing
                            of Personal Data (collection, use, storage etc.) is to be done in strict compliance with the Purpose of
                            Processing.
3.1 For Fit has identified specific Purposes of Processing
Generally, the Company collects, uses, stores or otherwise Processes Personal Data in the following ways:
• I only process Personal Data for specific Purpose(s) of Processing.
• when Data Subject submits any form or document, enters into a formal
                              agreement or provides other documentation or information in respect
                              of its interactions and commercial relationship with For Fit;
• when Data Subject interacts with For Fit personnel,
                                including customer service officers, relationship personnel and
                                other representatives, for example, via telephone calls, letters, fax, face-to-face meetings and email;
• when Data Subject’s images are captured by For Fit
                                via CCTV cameras while Data Subject is within the Company’s premises;
• when Data Subject uses For Fit services provided through online
                                and
                                other technology platforms;
• when Data Subject requests that For Fit contact him,
                                be included in an email or other mailing list; or when Data Subject
                                responds to For Fit’s request for additional Personal Data;
• when Data Subject uses the Company’s electronic services, or interact
                                with For Fit via our websites;
• when For Fit carries out checks, due diligence or
                                other screening activities (including background checks) in
                                accordance with legal or regulatory obligations or the Company’s
                                risk management procedures that may be required by law or that may
                                have been put in place by For Fit;
• when For Fit acts on preventing or investigating any
                                fraud, unlawful activity or omission or misconduct relating to Data
                                Subject’s relationship with For Fit or any
                                other matter arising from Data Subject’s relationship with
                                For Fit, For Fit will
                                collect your e-mail address to send you “transactional emails” with the product
                                if you decide to buy it. If you agree to subscribe to the service newsletter,
                                we will, from time to time, send free commercial marketing, content and promotional
                                materials to your email address;
• when For Fit is complying with or as required by any
                                request or direction of any public authority; or responding to requests for information from
                                regulatory agencies, ministries, statutory boards or other similar authorities,
• when For Fit performs financial reporting,
                                regulatory reporting, management reporting, risk management
                                reporting (including monitoring risk exposure) audit reporting,
• when For Fit seeks information about Data Subject
                                and receive Data Subject’s Personal Data in connection with its
                                relationship with For Fit, from business
                                partners, public agencies, current - employer and the relevant authorities; and/or
• when Data Subject submits its Personal Data or the Personal Data of a
                                third party (e.g. information on spouse, children, parents, and/or
                                employees etc.) to For Fit for any other reason.
All the above activities are labelled as Purposes of Processing and are
                            listed in the For Fit Records of Processing.
3.2 For Fit’s Purpose of Processing have a lawful and valid basis
For Fit’s Purposes of Processing are grounded on one of the following basis:
CONSENT
The Data Subject whom the Personal Data is about has consented to the Processing.
PERFORMANCE OF A CONTRACT
The Processing is necessary:
• in relation to a contract which the Data Subject has entered into;or
• because the Data Subject has asked for something to be done so it can enter into a contract.
COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL OBLIGATION
The Processing is necessary because of a legal obligation that applies
                                                to For Fit.
LEGITIMATE INTEREST
The processing is in accordance with the “legitimate interests” condition.
The basis for each For Fit’s Purpose of Processing
                                        is mentioned in For Fit Records of Processing.
3.3 The Processing is limited to only what is necessary for achieving the
                                        For Fit’s Purpose of Processing
3.3.1 For Fit’s Purposes of Processing are limited to
                                                    certain categories of Data Subjects and to certain categories of
                                                    Personal Data (data minimization)
Internal Regulations list the documents and thus the exact Personal Data that
                                                    is to be requested from Data Subject and to be processed in respect
                                                    of that Data Subject. On one hand, the appendices to the Internal
                                                    Regulations enlist the template forms and the template contracts
                                                    that have to be filled in and/or signed by the Data Subject. On the
                                                    other hand, the Internal Regulations allow the Personal Data to be
                                                    collected by word of mouth directly from the Data Subject and
                                                    introduced directly in the IT system of For Fit
The Purposes of Processing refer to Personal Data which is not included in the category of „Special
                                                    Categories of Personal Data” nor in the category of „Personal Data relating to criminal convictions
                                                    and offences“, as these terms are defined in Section 2 of this policy.
Processing that entails „Special Categories of Personal Data” and/or „Personal Data relating to criminal
                                                    convictions and offences“ is to be treated as an exception and is to be avoided for as much as possible
                                                    (except if expressly required by an Internal Regulation or the provisions of a law).
Any supplementary Personal Data, outside the Personal Data specifically mentioned in the
                                                    For Fit Records of Processing and outside the Personal Data
                                                    mentioned in the Internal Regulations, cannot be requested from Data Subjects unless with prior
                                                    authorization from the supervisory manager and/or the Data Protection Officer.
Any supplementary Personal Data, outside the Personal Data specifically mentioned in the
                                                    For Fit Records of Processing and outside the Personal Data
                                                    mentioned in the Internal Regulations, which reaches the Company (either intentional or accidentally),
                                                    from other source than Data Subject, is to be treated as a data privacy incident and brought to the
                                                    attention of the Data Protection Officer.
3.3.2 Personal Data collected by For Fit is accurate,
                                                    integral and confidential (accuracy and confidentiality)
All Personal Data collected by For Fit in relation
                                                    to any Purpose of Processing must be accurate. Internal Regulations require that
                                                    For Fit personnel makes sure that the Personal Data obtained
                                                    directly from Data Subjects or indirectly is verified against relevant documentation.
The integrity and the confidentiality of all Personal Data collected by
                                                    For Fit in relation to any Purpose of Processing
                                                    is mandatory at all times. Internal Regulations require that
                                                    For Fit personnel makes sure that the Personal Data
                                                    obtained directly from Data Subjects or indirectly is safely stored
                                                    and accessed only on a need to know basis.
3.3.3 Processing of Personal Data within For Fit is performed
                                                    for the period needed to fulfil the Purpose of Processing (storage limitation)
Depending on the Purpose of Processing, Personal Data collected
                                                    by For Fit
                                                    is kept in either hard-copy or electronic form (or both):
• for the time needed to accomplish the Purpose of Processing, or
• to the extent necessary to comply with an applicable legal requirement for the time mentioned by a
                                                        law provision, or
• as advisable in light of an applicable statute of limitations.
For Fit sets and implements retention period of documents
                                                    (regardless of
                                                    their form and title which may contain or not Personal Data).
All personnel needs to analyze the Personal Data stored by them against the decided retention periods
                                                    and decide to
                                                    maintain or erase Personal Data accordingly.
3.3.4 Processing outside the For Fit’s Purposes of Processing is
                                                    generally forbidden
                                                    (change of purpose)
Generally, Personal Data will be used only for the Purpose(s) of Processing for which it was originally
                                                    collected
                                                    (original purpose). Personal Data may be Processed for legitimate purposes
                                                    of For Fit
                                                    different from the original purpose (secondary purpose) only if the original purpose and secondary
                                                    purpose are closely related.
It is generally permissible to use Personal Data for the following secondary purposes:
• establishing the risk profile of the Data Subject or the company which the Data Subject
                                                        represents;
• or internal audits or investigations;
• or dispute resolution or litigation;
• or regulatory reporting purposes.
Any Processing of Personal Data outside the Purposes of Processing
                                                    specifically established in the For Fit Records
                                                    of Processing will be immediately suspended and the situation will
                                                    be brought to the attention of the Data Protection Officer as soon
                                                    as possible.
Any change in the original Purpose of Processing will be assessed
                                                    carefully and in case of doubt, For Fit’s
                                                    personnel will bring the matter to the attention of Data Protection
                                                    Officer, before executing any further processing.
3.3.5 Transfer of Personal Data
While rendering its services, the Company can transfer data to other
                                                    country or international/foreign organizations but only if in that
                                                    country or international/foreign organizations data security is
                                                    guaranteed appropriately.
When transferring Personal Data to a state outside European Economic
                                                    Area, the Company provides adequate guarantees of data protection on
                                                    the basis of a contract concluded with that legal or physical person
                                                    or international organization.
3.3.6 Profiling and Automated Data Decision Making
Generally, Personal Data will be used only for the Purpose(s) of Processing for which it was originally
                                                    collected
                                                    (original purpose). Personal Data may be Processed for legitimate purposes
                                                    of For Fit
                                                    different from the original purpose (secondary purpose) only if the original purpose and secondary
                                                    purpose are closely related.
Processing in For Fit may involve profiling, automated
                                                    decision making or both in case of:
• risk management purpose analyses with the view to ensure the security and
                                                        reliability of the debt recovery process or to prevent and filter
                                                        out fraud;
• periodic automatic review of the Data Subject’s payments;
In all such cases, For Fit will observe the rights
                                                    of Data Subjects, as mentioned under the following section.
4
For Fit enables the data subject rights
• the right to be informed,
• the right of access,
• the right to rectification,
• the right to erase (right to be forgotten),
• the right to restrict processing,
• the right to data portability,
• the right to object,
• rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
All For Fit personnel is aware and know how to react to any exercise of
                                the Data Subjects’
                                rights.
4.1 For Fit informs the Data Subjects of the Processing activity
As a rule, documents that are given to Data Subject (either forms or contracts) contain all the required
                                        information for
                                        For Fit to observe the Company’s obligations to duly inform the
                                        Data Subjects of the
                                        Processing Activity.
Notwithstanding the letter of the documents given to Data Subjects, upon
                                        request, For Fit
                                        personnel will explain thoroughly to what business activity is the Processing related to, what type of
                                        Personal Data is requested
                                        from the Data Subject, and that Company has set-up appropriate organizational and technical measures to
                                        ensure that Personal Data
                                        is kept safe and confidential.
In case the Data Subjects are not required to fill in independently forms as Data Subjects are only
                                        required to submit certain
                                        documentation or to give their Personal Data verbally, For Fit
                                        personnel will have the
                                        obligation to inform the Data Subject of all the coordinates of the Processing activity. The checklist
                                        of the aspects that need
                                        to be brought to the attention of the Data Subject are the following:
“What information must be supplied?”
At the time the Personal Data are obtained:
Identity and contact details of the Data controller and the DPO
✓
Purpose of the Processing and the lawful basis for the processing
✓
The legitimate interests of the Data controller
✓
Categories of Personal Data
Any recipient or categories of recipients of the Personal Data
✓
Details of transfers to third country and safeguards
✓
Retention period or criteria used to determine the retention period
✓
The existence of each of Data Subject’s rights
✓
The source the Personal Data originates from and whether it came from publicly accessible
                                                sources
Whether the provision of Personal Data is part of a statutory or
                                                contractual requirement or obligation and possible consequences of
                                                failing to provide the Personal Data
✓
The existence of automated decision making, including profiling and
                                                information about how decisions are made, the significance and the
                                                consequences
✓
In case of profiling and/or automated decision making, For Fit will
                                        ensure the observance
                                        of the Data Subject’s rights:
• – Data Subject shall be informed, upon the commencement of data
                                            processing, of the fact of profiling/automated decision-making, the
                                            range of his/her Personal Data involved in profiling, the logic
                                            involved in the method applied and the possible consequences of
                                            automated decision-making on the Data Subject.
• Where a decision can be delivered in a process either entirely as a result of an automated
                                            sub-process or also with human
                                            intervention, the Data Subject must then be informed of the cases where the Company can make
                                            decision entirely by automated
                                            means (as a result of a sub-process).
• When informing about the logic the automated decision-making is based on, it is not necessary to
                                              disclose in detail the algorithm,
                                              formula or business rationale applied (this information need not to be so in-depth as to compromise
                                              the Company’s business secrets).
                                              It is suggested to present the operation of automated decision-making by using examples.
• -The Data Subject subjected to an automated decision-making is
                                            entitled to request human intervention from the For Fit,
                                            to make his/her position known and submit an objection
                                            against that decision. This right to challenge does not entitle the
                                            Data Subject to force the conclusion of the contract, but to dispute
                                            the decision based on automated data processing leading to the
                                            rejection of concluding the contract.
• The Data Subject must be granted the opportunity in any case to avail of his/her right to make an
                                            objection.
• -If the legal basis for Processing is a legitimate interest of
                                            For Fit, the Data Subject is entitled to the right
                                            to object. It follows from the right to object that the Company must
                                            examine whether this objection is justified (i.e. whether the Data
                                            Subject’s interests override the Company’s interests) and decide
                                            on the objection.
4.2 For Fit personnel recognizes and knows how to deal with a
                                            request from Data Subjects
EU Data Protection Laws impose that any Data Subject request is responded as soon as possible but no
                                            later than 30 days from receipt.
For Fit employees will treat with the utmost importance all
                                            enquiries from Data Subjects about
                                            the Processing activity.
In all cases, For Fit employees will inform Data Subjects that they
                                            may submit a formal request
                                            and/or a complaint to the designated address, representing the contact details of the DPO appointed by
                                            the Company.
5
Fostering data protection compliance in For Fit
5.1 Data Protection Officer appointed by For Fit
The Company appoints a Data Protection Officer that fulfils the required skills profile as defined in
                                        the EU Data Protection Laws:
• Data Protection Officer function is established as a position directly subordinated and in direct
                                            reporting line to Top Management;
• Data Protection Officer function is not subject to conflicting interests;
• For Fit involves Data Protection Officer properly and in a
                                            timely manner in all issues which
                                            relate to the protection of Personal Data;
Company shall:
• publish the contact details of the Data Protection Officer to Data Subjects and also internally on
                                            Company’s intranet,
                                            internal telephone directory, and organizational charts to ensure that his or her existence and
                                            function is known within the
                                            organization;
• communicate the contact details to the competent supervisory authority;
• make sure that Data Protection Officer is invited to participate
                                        regularly in meetings of senior management;
• always give a due weight to Data Protection Officer´s opinion. In case of disagreement it is
                                            important to document the reasons
                                            for not following the Data protection Officer’s advice;
• promptly and without undue delay consult the Data Protection Officer once a data breach or other
                                            incident has occurred;
• support Data Protection Officer by ‘providing resources necessary to carry out his/her tasks and
                                            access to Personal Data and
                                            processing operations, and to maintain his or her expert knowledge’.
• provide the Data Protection Officer with regular training. Data Protection Officer will be given
                                            the opportunity to stay up
                                            to date with regard to developments within data protection. The aim should be to constantly increase
                                            the level of expertise of
                                            Data Protection Officer, he/she should be encouraged to participate in training courses on data
                                            protection and other forms of
                                            professional development, such as participation in privacy fora, workshops, etc.;
• ensure that the Data Protection Officer ‘does not receive any instructions regarding the exercise
                                            of his or her tasks’.
Data Protection Officer shall be bound by secrecy or confidentiality concerning the performance of his
                                        or her tasks.
5.2 Internal roles dedicated to Data Protection Compliance at business departments’ level
Data protection compliance is a continuous independent responsibility for each and every employee of the
                                        Company and failure to
                                        observe this policy may lead to professional liability.
5.3 Internal Regulations
As a general statement, this Data Protection Policy supplements all existing policies. In case of any
                                        discrepancies within this Data
                                        Protection Policy and EU Data Protection Laws, the latter shall prevail.
6
Account deletion
We take the privacy of our customers seriously. If you would like to delete your account, you can do so by visiting our website,
https://mp.yourketo.diet/customers/profile
. To initiate the account deletion process, you will be prompted to enter the email associated with your account. Once you have entered your email, you will receive a confirmation email containing a link to complete the account deletion process. Please note that once your account is deleted, all personal information and data associated with the account will be permanently removed from our system and will not be recoverable. If you have any questions or concerns about our account deletion process, please contact us. By initiating the account deletion process, you confirm that you understand and agree to the terms of our privacy policy, including the permanent deletion of your personal information and data associated with your account.
Back