Privacy Policy of Slackyfire
Privacy Policy
Effective date: Februrary 23, 2023
Slackyfire („us“, „we“, or „our“) operates the  website and the Slackyfire mobile application (the „Service“).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy  for Slackyfire is powered by FreePrivacyPolicy.com.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you („Personal Data“). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Usage Data
Your personal data will only be collected when you send / ask for feedback to reply and improve the user expercience.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Use of Data
Slackyfire uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Germany and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Germany and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Slackyfire will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Slackyfire may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Slackyfire
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service („Service Providers“), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 („Children“).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Google AdMob
This app uses Google AdMob
https://www.google.de/admob/
(1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; hereinafter „Google“) to display advertising. Google uses the Apple Advertising Identifier (hereafter Apple Ad-ID) for advertising tax purposes. A pseudonymous user profile is created under the Apple Ad-ID so that the user can be assigned to different advertising segments on the Apple advertising platform in order to display actual or supposedly interest-based advertising.
The Apple Ad-ID is a pseudonym that prevents the disclosure of personal data to Google. The Apple Ad-ID is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google complies with the data protection provisions of the US Safe Harbor Agreement and is registered with the US Department of Commerce’s Safe Harbor program.
You can prevent the use of the Apple Ad ID opting out from „Tracking“ under „Privacy“ in System Preferences. You can find further information on data protection in connection with Google here.
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
The use of Google AdMob and the related data processing is based on our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO. Through the use of Google AdMob, we want to ensure that you are only shown advertising on your end devices that is oriented towards your actual or supposed interests. These interests are to be regarded as legitimate within the meaning of the aforementioned provision.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the „effective date“ at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@tobiashauss.de
By visiting this page on our website:
https://tobiashauss.de