This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our
Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Product
We’ve designed our behavior change product suite to enhance productivity by improving people’s well-being.
Learn More
Solutions
Platform Integrations
Call Center Integrations
Company
Our Company
We’re leading the conversation on mental health, behavior change, and productivity.
We’re on a mission to drive productivity through well-being
We’re redefining work, productivity, and well-being. Are you in?
Latest PRess
Stanford: Alice L. Walton School of Medicine and Stanford Medicine host AI conference on community health
Log In
Get a Demo
English |
Español
|
Français
|
हिंदी
|
Polski
|
한국어
Updated December 23, 2024
Welcome to Thrive Global Holdings, Inc. (“Thrive Global”, “Thrive”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). Our website (“Site”) also allows you (“Users,” “you,” or “your”) to easily access and use content, including features, resources and other information intended to help you change the way you live and work. Our mobile application and services (“App”) helps Users achieve behavior change through “too small to fail” incremental microsteps, personal assessments, video micro-learning, inspiring stories and other content and resources. Collectively, the services we provide through the Site and the App from time to time are defined as the “Service(s)”.
PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains what personal data we collect through the Services, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices. This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms and Conditions Agreement, which is available at
https://www.thriveglobal.com/terms
.
Users in different regions might be subject to different data protection standards and based on their employer DPA (Data Protection Agreement) with Thrive Global (For App Users Only). This document has a section dedicated to European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland consumers and their privacy rights, as well as a section dedicated to California consumers and their privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy applies to all Services we provide, except for the Thrive Walmart Challenge, which are covered by a different privacy policy
https://thriveglobal.com/walmart/privacy
and different terms and conditions
https://thriveglobal.com/walmart/terms
.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you interact with us through the Services, we collect information that, alone or in combination with other information, could be used to identify you (“Personal Data”), described below.
I. App Users
Account information, such as your name, email address, and other contact details
Profile information, such as a profile photo, biography, country information, and demographic information
App engagement information, such as your responses to and interaction with wellness surveys, webinars, and learning activities
Activity information (if you choose to link the App to a connected wearable device) and upload data such as sleep, heart rate and movement data.
Communications with us or within the App, including when you chat with us or contact us with questions or feedback, or use social features within the App.
II. Site Users
Personal Data You Provide Us.
We collect information that visitors to the Site enter when you sign up on the Site (e.g., email and password) or send to us electronically, for example when completing any “free text” boxes in our forms (such as on our “Contact Us” page, support request or survey submission), requesting information, registering for an event, or subscribing to email lists. While the type of data we collect depends on the nature of the inquiry, it typically includes name and contact details, company information, and phone number.
III. Automatically Collected Data
When you use the Site or the App, the following information is created and automatically logged in our systems:
Log data: Information (“log data”) that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site, or that the App automatically sends when you use the Services. Log data includes your IP address (so we understand which country you are connecting from when you visit the Site), browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Services.
Cookies: Information from cookies and other technologies. Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies.
Device information: Includes type of device you are using, operating system, settings, unique device identifiers, network information and other device-specific information. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings.
Usage Information: Information about how you use our Site and the App, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, the other Users you interact with and the time, frequency and duration of your activities.
IV. Service Data
Where we provide the Services under contract with Thrive Global’s enterprise customers (“Customers”) (for example, your employer), we may process some Personal Data on behalf of the Customer, such as data identifying which employees are eligible to use our Services (“Service Data”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to Service Data. Our use of Service Data is governed by our contract with the specific Customer and may be subject to the Customer’s own privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or privacy practices of Customers or other third parties. Service Data does not include any Personal Data or other data provided to us or to the Services by a User (including a User who has access to the Services in connection with an enterprise relationship between a Customer and Thrive Global).
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We use your Personal Data collected for the following purposes:
To authenticate Users and provide the Services.
This processing is necessary to provide you with access to and use of the Services.
As necessary for certain legitimate business interests,
which include the following:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests for products and services;
To customize our Services for you. For example, we use information on your use of Services features, including information that we obtain through cookies and other technologies, to better understand your needs and interests in order to personalize your experience with our Services by presenting content or functionalities tailored to your interests;
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Site or the App, and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
To provide, maintain and improve the content and functionality of the Services. For example, we regularly fix bugs or user experience issues that may be tied to particular user accounts. We use cookies and other technologies to analyze how Users interact with our Services. And that analysis can help us build better Services;
To conduct research, and provide aggregate and anonymized information on your use of our Services to third parties;
If you ask us to delete your data and we are required to fulfill your request, to keep basic data to identify you and prevent further unwanted processing;
To prevent fraud or criminal activity, misuse of our products or services, and ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture and networks; and
To (a) comply with legal obligations and legal process; (b) respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (c) enforce our Terms and Conditions Agreement; (d) protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (e) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (f) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain, as required or permitted by the law.
‍
Processing of PHI and HIPAA Compliance
Thrive Global may process Protected Health Information (“PHI”) in compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). PHI includes health data linked to an individual, such as medical history, biometric data, and health-related activity information. Processing of PHI is strictly limited to supporting our Services and is governed by appropriate safeguards. Thrive Global ensures that all uses of PHI are compliant with HIPAA regulations, and PHI will only be shared with authorized parties, such as healthcare providers or third-party processors, under a Business Associate Agreement (BAA).
Use of AI and Machine Learning Technologies
We utilize machine learning (“ML”) and other artificial intelligence (“AI”) related technologies to enhance our Services, including improving functionality, delivering personalized recommendations, generating content, detecting potential fraud, and training of our models. These technologies may involve automated decision-making processes that influence the content and features you engage with. Where applicable, we may use anonymized and aggregated data to train and refine our AI/ML systems, ensuring compliance with relevant privacy and security standards. You have the right to request more information about this processing or to opt out of automated decision-making where applicable by contacting us at the following:
Email: privacy@thriveglobal.com
Data Protection Representative: Submit inquiries to DataRep via online form, email (thriveglobal@datarep.com), or by mail:
Ireland: DataRep, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, Republic of Ireland.
Privacy Portal: Manage your preferences or submit requests at https://preferences.thriveglobal.com/privacy.
We are committed to ensuring compliance with applicable data protection laws, including GDPR, and protecting your privacy.
For individuals in the European Economic Area (the EEA), United Kingdom and Switzerland, please see the “General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) ,UK General Data Protection Regulation Users, and Swiss Data Protection Users” section below for information on what we mean by legitimate business interests and your rights.
Marketing.
We may contact you to tell you about content, services or products we believe will be of interest to you. If we do, where required by law, for example if you are a User in the EU, we will only send you marketing information if you consent to us doing so at the time you provide us with your Personal Data. You may opt out of receiving such emails by following the instructions contained in each promotional email we send you or by updating your user settings. In addition, if at any time you do not wish to receive future marketing communications, you can unsubscribe
here
or email
privacy@thriveglobal.com
. We will continue to contact you via email regarding the provision of our Services and to respond to your requests.
Usage Data.
We glean valuable insights from your use of and interactions with the Services, including the aggregated and/or anonymized data that is derived from your and others’ use of the Services. We may create such aggregated and/or anonymized data from or using your interactions and contributions to the Services (including your content) and other metrics related to your usage of the Services. We use such aggregated and/or anonymized data in connection with our internal operations and functions, including, but not limited to, operational analytics and reporting, internal financial reporting and analysis, audit functions and archival purposes, as well as in connection with our other business purposes.
PARTICIPATION IN THRIVE GLOBAL PROGRAMS
In addition to the Services, we may offer certain programs for Thrive Users to participate in, such as webinars, events, stories, promotional contests, etc. (each a “Thrive Program”). By participating in a Thrive Program and submitting to Thrive Global any requested Personal Data or other information, you expressly agree that (i) Thrive Global may, for the duration of the Thrive Program and thereafter, copy, modify, display, distribute, or otherwise use, for any legitimate business purpose, any audio, pictures, video, information of or disclosed by you (including any health or personal information of yourself or your family whom you have valid authorization to do so), and/or other materials you submit to Thrive Global or otherwise are recorded by Thrive Global during the applicable Thrive Program, and (ii) you release and hold harmless Thrive Global from any liability or damages that may arise from such use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DO NOT PARTICIPATE IN ANY THRIVE GLOBAL PROGRAMS.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
How we share information pursuant to our lawful business purposes: There are certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law, as set forth below:
Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions: providers of hosting, caching and other IT services, email communication and automation platforms, customer support services, analytics, marketing, advertising (for more details on the third parties that use cookies and other technologies through the Site and the App, please see the “Cookies” section below). For example, we use Google Analytics to collect certain demographic data and to understand how our Site and the App are used, and Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure for hosting. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process or store Personal Data in the course of performing their duties to us. Please see the “Sub-processors” section below for a complete list of sub-processors.
Business Transfers: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another provider, your Personal Data and other information may be transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction along with other assets.
Legal Requirements: If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the App, or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
How we share information at your direction: We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party service to access your account. Additionally, we may provide you the option to share reports on your engagement with the Services, including statistics such as the frequency and duration of your use of the App, with Customers.
How you share information on the App: You may choose to voluntarily share information with other Users on the Services, such as when you post public information on the App or chat or otherwise engage with the User community on the App.
DATA RETENTION
We will keep your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a legitimate business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting or other purposes), whichever is the longer.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences until you opt out of receiving these communications and in accordance with our policies.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your Personal Data, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we use your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances we may anonymize your Personal Data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer Personal Data.
UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
If you need to change or correct your Personal Data, or wish to have it deleted from our systems, you may contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section below. We will address your request as required by applicable law.
If you would like to exercise your Data Privacy Rights, as applicable to your location of residence, please visit
https://preferences.thriveglobal.com/privacy
. For general inquiries regarding privacy requests and other concerns, please email privacy@thriveglobal.com.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), UK General Data Protection Act, and Swiss Data Protection Act, as applicable
Scope. This section applies if you are a User in the EEA, UK and, to the extent applicable, Switzerland.
Thrive Global is based in the United States. If you are accessing our Services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that your Personal Data will be transmitted to our servers in the United States as necessary to provide you with the Services that you requested, administer our contract with you or to respond to your requests as described in this Privacy Policy, and the data may be transmitted to our service providers supporting our business operations (described above). Although the United States may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located, we safeguard your personal information by treating it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We take appropriate steps to protect your privacy and implement reasonable security measures to protect your personal information in storage. We use secure transmission methods to collect personal data through our Site and Apps.
Legitimate Business Interest
“Legitimate business interest” means our interest in conducting our business, managing and delivering the best Services to you. This Privacy Policy describes when we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, what these interests are and your rights. We will not use your Personal Data for activities where the impact on you overrides our interests, unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted by law.
Data Processor
Thrive Global Holdings, Inc. is the data processor for processing Personal Data provided to us through the Services.
Contact Information
EU, UK, and Swiss Users may contact DataRep, who has been appointed as Thrive’s Data Protection Representative in the EU and UK pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation and Switzerland pursuant to Article 14 of Swiss Data Protection Law on matters related to the processing of your Personal Data. If you want to raise a question to Thrive, or otherwise exercise your rights in respect of your personal data (described below), you can::
submit a request directly to Thrive through
https://preferences.thriveglobal.com/privacy
Submit a request to DataRep via the online form at
www.dpr.eu.com/thriveglobal
, email them at
thriveglobal@datarep.com
or
mail your inquiry to DataRep to ensure that your communications are received by DataRep. Please refer clearly to Thrive in your correspondence but please note that when you post your request please address ‘DateRep” and not Thrive directly otherwise Datarep’s contact location will likely not receive the communications:
Ireland
DataRep, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, Republic of Ireland
‍
Or any address listed here
Your Rights. Subject to applicable EU, UK, and Swiss regulations, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data that we hold about you:
Right of access:
If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of all Personal Data you are lawfully entitled to receive along with certain other details. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification:
If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask that we correct or complete it. If we shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the correction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure:
You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data, such as where you withdraw your consent, where applicable. If we shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data with so you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing:
You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it (please read below for information on your right to object). We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you, and that is processed by us by automated means. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object:
You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so, unless:
• We are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; or
• We are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.
Right to withdraw consent:
If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent will not affect any processing of your data before we received notice that you wished to withdraw consent.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making:
You have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your Personal Data (including profiling) which produce a significant legal effect on you, unless this is necessary in relation to a contract between you and us or you provide your explicit consent to this use.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority:
If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
‍
Data Privacy Framework
Thrive Global voluntarily participates and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (and together the respective “Principles”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce to facilitate cross-border transfers of personal data in compliance with EU law. Thrive Global has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Thrive Global has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. Note, Thrive Global is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC). In the context of an onward transfer, Thrive Global has responsibility for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to
vendors or service providers. We remain liable under the DPF if our vendor or service provider processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
‍
For inquiries or complaints:
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Thrive Global commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Thrive Global at:
privacy@thriveglobal.com
.
Alternative Dispute Resolution provider:
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Thrive Global commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States and United Kingdom (please reference
globalteam@jamsadr.com
for non-US sessions). Thrive Global is committed to arbitrated claims and follows the terms as set forth in Annex I of the DPF Principles. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Sub-processors
Sub-processors are regularly updated. You can join a mailing list to be notified of these changes
here
.
Name and Address of Sub-Processor
Coda*
-
User Engagement and Project Management
888 Villa St, Floor 4, Mountain View, CA 94041
Datagrail
-
Privacy Automation
164 Townsend Street, Suite 12, San Francisco, CA 94107 US
Fivetran
-
Data ETL Pipeline
405 14th St floor 11, Oakland, CA 94612 US
Google Cloud Platform
-
Data Warehouse
1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy Mountain View, CA 94043 US
Google Workspace*
-
Content Creation
1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy Mountain View, CA 94043 US
HubSpot
-
Email Marketing
25 First Street, 2nd Floor Cambridge, MA 02141
Looker
-
Data Analytics
101 Church Street, 4th Floor, Santa Cruz, CA 95060 US
Microsoft Azure
-
Cloud Hosting Provider
One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 980527 US
Salesforce
-
Customer Relationship Management‍
The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300 San Francisco, CA 94105 US
Segment
-
User Analytics‍
100 California Street, Suite 700 San Francisco, CA 94111 US
Typeform*
-
Survey Platform‍
Calle de Pallars 108 (Aticco), 08018 – Barcelona (Spain)
Zapier*
-
Workflow Automation
548 Market St. #62411, San Francisco, CA 94104
Zendesk
-
User Support Software
450 Park Ave S, New York, NY 10016‍
Site Only Subprocessors
Webflow
-
Marketing Website Host
398 11th Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103
‍
App Only Subprocessors
Amazon Web Services*
-
SFTP
410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109 US
Datadog
-
Infrastructure and Security Monitoring Platform
620 8th Avenue, Floor 45, New York, NY 10018
HumanAPI*
-
Wearables Integration
951 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 300
Qualtrics
-
Survey Platform‍
333 W River Park Dr, Provo, UT 84604, US
Mailgun
-
Transactional Email
112 E Pecan Street, San Antonio, TX 78205 US
‍*May not be applicable to all Users
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY DISCLOSURE
Do Not Track Signals: The Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)
California’s “Do Not Sell My Info” Law
Thrive Global does not sell your personal information for payment or other monetary consideration. However, because California law broadly defines a “sale” of your personal information to include the act of making cookies and other similar data available to third party advertising and analytics providers when you visit our website, we are required to disclose the “sale” of Site User Data.
Notices to California Residents
Your California Privacy Rights – California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), beginning January 2020 you have certain rights with respect to that information. In particular, you have a right to request that we provide you with the following information:
The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information.
The purposes for collecting, using, disclosing, or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with which we share or disclose personal information.
The categories of personal information disclosed about you for a business purpose
The categories of personal information sold about you and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold and the business or commercial purpose for selling personal information.
You also have a right to:
Receive explicit notice of further sale of personal information about a consumer that has been sold to a third party by a business and an opportunity to exercise the right to opt-out of such further sale;
Opt-out from the sale of personal information, which you can exercise by visiting our section above entitled “California’s Do Not Sell My Info Law”;
Request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions;
Not be discriminated against for exercising rights set out in the CCPA.
How to Exercise Your Rights Under CCPA
If you would like to exercise your rights under CCPA, please visit
https://preferences.thriveglobal.com/privacy
. For general inquiries regarding privacy requests and other concerns, please email
privacy@thriveglobal.com
A California resident who has provided Personal Data, as defined under California Civil Code section 1798.83, to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (a “California Customer”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of Personal Data, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom Personal Data was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of Personal Data that were disclosed. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing
privacy@thriveglobal.com
Please note that we are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address.
CHILDREN
The Services are not directed to children who are under the age of 16. Thrive does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children who are under 16. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Data to Thrive through the Services please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Site and the App may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by us (“Third Party Sites”), including social media services such as Facebook or Twitter (“Social Media Services”). The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact those sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.
COOKIES
We use cookies and other technologies to operate and administer our Services, make it easier for you to use the Services during future visits and gather usage data on our Site or App.
What Are Cookies? A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. By choosing to use our Site after having been notified of our use of cookies in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, and, in applicable jurisdictions, through notice and unambiguous acknowledgement of your consent, you agree to such use.
Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies); others remain on your computer or terminal device for a longer period (persistent cookies). Our Site uses first party cookies (cookies set directly by Thrive) as well as third party cookies, as described below.
Type of Cookies Used. The Site uses the technologies described below.
Necessary
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms.
Hubspot -
Privacy Policy
‍
__hs_do_not_track, __hs_cookie_cat_pref
Cloudflare -
Privacy Policy
_cfuvid
‍
Functionality
We use a set of cookies that are optional for the website to function. They are usually only set in response to information provided to the website to personalize and optimize your experience.
Spotify -
Privacy Policy
sp_landing, sp_t
‍
Analytics Cookies
These cookies help us to understand how visitors engage with the website. We may use a set of cookies to collect information and report site usage statistics. In addition to reporting site usage statistics, data collected may also be used, together with some of the advertising cookies described, to help show more relevant ads across the web and to measure interactions with the ads we show.
HubSpot
-
Privacy Policy
hubspotutk, __hstc, __hssrc, __hssc,
Thrive Global
- Privacy Policy
ajs_anonymous_id
Google Analytics
-
Privacy Policy
_gat_gtag_UA_87667366_5, _ga_C4ZNYJBEB7, _ga_0S15647RW6, _ga, _gid
Rippling
-
Privacy Policy
__cf_bm
YouTube
-
Privacy Policy
YSC
Wordpress Engine
-
Privacy Policy
wordpress_test_cookie
‍
Advertisement
We use cookies to make our ads more engaging and valuable to site visitors. Some common applications of cookies are to select advertising based on what’s relevant to a user; to improve reporting on ad campaign performance; and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen.
YouTube -
Privacy Policy
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Your Choices. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. Please see the links below for guidance on how to modify your web browser’s settings on the most popular browsers:
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Please note that if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
If you access the Site on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings.
SECURITY
You use Services at your own risk. Thrive Global takes steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should keep this in mind when disclosing Personal Data to us and take special care in deciding what information you disclose to us over the Internet or send to us via email. We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share information. Therefore, we cannot, and do not, guarantee that information or content posted by a User on or through the Services will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services.
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to any additional terms applicable to such Services that may be posted on the Services from time to time, including without limitation, Thrive Global’s Terms of Service at
https://www.thriveglobal.com/terms
.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, we may change this Privacy Policy at any time and when we do we will post an updated version on this page and change the Last Updated date above, unless another type of notice is required by the applicable law. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. By continuing to use the Services or providing us with information after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
You may contact the Data Protection Officer at
dpo@thriveglobal.com
.
CONTACT US
Please feel free to contact our privacy team if you have any questions about Thrive Global’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services. You may contact us as follows: You may send an email to
privacy@thriveglobal.com
or send mail to:
Thrive Global Holdings, Inc.
Customer Support
599 Broadway
6th Floor
New York, NY 10012
Tel: 1-888-700-8474
If you would like to exercise your Data Privacy Rights, as applicable to your location of residence, please visit
https://preferences.thriveglobal.com/privacy
. For general inquiries regarding privacy requests and other concerns, please email
privacy@thriveglobal.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://thriveglobal.com/walmart/privacy:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our
Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Product
We’ve designed our behavior change product suite to enhance productivity by improving people’s well-being.
Learn More
Solutions
Platform Integrations
Call Center Integrations
Company
Our Company
We’re leading the conversation on mental health, behavior change, and productivity.
We’re on a mission to drive productivity through well-being
We’re redefining work, productivity, and well-being. Are you in?
Latest PRess
Stanford: Alice L. Walton School of Medicine and Stanford Medicine host AI conference on community health
Log In
Get a Demo
Last Revised: February 18, 2021
Privacy Policy
When you use the Thrive ZP Challenge App (the “App”) owned by Thrive Global Holdings, Inc. (“Thrive Global”), you trust us with your information. We use your information to provide, maintain, protect, and improve the App and App-related services we provide (collectively, the “Thrive ZP Services”), as that term is defined by our Terms of Service found at https://www.thrivezp.com/tos, including use of the Thrive ZP website, use of the App, phone and email communications with us, social media interactions on our website and other third party websites, and the viewing of our online advertisements, materials, emails, or content. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it.
Users in different regions might be subject to different data protection standards. This document has a section dedicated to European Union consumers and their privacy rights, as well as a section dedicated to California consumers and their privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy applies to all Thrive ZP Services we provide. Thrive Global provides other products and services in addition to the Thrive ZP Services, which they are covered by a different privacy policy https://thriveglobal.com/privacy/ and different terms and conditions https://thriveglobal.com/terms/.
What information we collect
We may collect your personal or contact information, information about your use of the Thrive ZP Services, including your responses and information about your device or platform on which you access the App (together, your “Information”).
Information you provide.Personal and contact Information
. When you use the Thrive ZP Services, including when you install the App, contact us, or use the App, we may collect a variety of information about you including personal and contact information or a record of issues you have faced in your use of the Services.
Use Information
. As part of the Thrive ZP Services, we may collect, store, and analyze your Information—including your use of the App, challenge activity and results, and information related to your participation in contests or promotions, whether provided by us or third parties.
Information we get from your use of the Thrive ZP Services. Cookies and other similar technologies
. In order to improve and enhance your experience and the overall quality of the Thrive ZP Services, we may use “cookies”, or other similar technologies, to identify your browser or device and keep track of the times you use the Thrive ZP Services. The Thrive ZP website may also use web beacons or cookies to target advertising when you visit third party websites (such as Facebook), but the web beacons and cookies do not transmit personally identifiable information and our website does not collect personally identifiable information. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note that by doing so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website.
Do Not Track signals
. At this time the Thrive ZP website does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Mobile Device Data
. We may collect limited information from your mobile device when you use our App, mobile websites, or access the Thrive ZP Services from your mobile browser. Such information may include information related to your activation and use of the App, your mobile device type and operating system version, mobile device ID, mobile advertising IDs, IP addresses or network connections, location information obtained from your IP address or GPS, date and time stamps of your use of the Thrive ZP Services and third party applications, SD card content, and accounts associated with your device.
How we use your Information
We will ask for your consent before using your Information for a purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.
Use to provide Thrive ZP Services
. Your Information may be used or disclosed to facilitate the provision of the App or other Thrive ZP Services such as responding to questions or concerns, administering contests or promotions, judging entries, and contacting potential winners.
Use to improve Thrive ZP Services
. We may use your Information to improve our App and other Thrive ZP Services, to help solve any issues you might be facing, to offer you tailored content, or to inform you about changes or improvements to the App or other Thrive ZP Services.
Use for client relations, promotions, and marketing
. We may use portions of your Information to create promotional materials, advertise the Thrive ZP Services, or provide feedback to our clients or partners.
Disclosure of your Information
We may disclose your Information to trusted third parties, clients, or partners as part of the Thrive ZP Services or during the course of our business. Any disclosure of your Information will comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will ask for your consent before disclosing your Information for a purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for client relations, promotions, and marketing
. As part of the Thrive ZP Services, your Information—including your use of the App, the information you input, and your participation in the promotions of third party advertisers—may be disclosed to third parties including prospective or current clients, which may include your employer. We may also disclose aggregated information about User participation, the number of entries in third party advertisers’ promotions and contests, and User responses to our clients or participating sponsors.
Disclosure by law
. We may disclose your Information if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, a request or order from law enforcement, or any legal process; (2) protect or defend Thrive Global, or a third party’s rights or property; or (3) to protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened.
Disclosure to protect abuse victims
. We reserve the right, but have no obligation to, disclose your Information if we suspect or have reason to suspect that your Information pertains to a party who may be a victim of abuse in any form. Your Information may be disclosed to authorities that we deem appropriate to handle such disclosures, such as law enforcement agencies, child protection agencies, or court officials.
Disclosure to trusted third parties by Thrive Global
. We may provide your Information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons if we believe such a disclosure is reasonably required by business needs. For example, we may disclose your Information for external processing or to utilize the services of technology assistants or customer care providers. However, all third parties with access to your Information will comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Disclosure to third party products or advertisers
. The Thrive ZP Services, including the App, may enable you to interact with or contain links to third party websites, mobile software applications, advertisements that are delivered directly to you from third party advertisers, and services that are not owned or controlled by us (each a “Third Party Service”). We are not responsible for the practices or the content of these Third Party Services. Please be aware that the Third Party Services may collect personal information from you, use your IP address to target rewards or promotions and may download cookies to your device (computer or mobile phone). They may also use other technologies which personalize and measure the effectiveness of their ads, promotions, or other services. Cookies from third party advertisers are not covered under this Privacy Policy, nor do we control the practices of third parties. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you chose to interact with or use.
Children’s Privacy
The Thrive ZP Services are not created for children. By using the Thrive ZP Services, including the App, you affirm that you are over thirteen years of age. If you are between the age of thirteen and eighteen years then, prior to using our Services, you must first review the terms of this Privacy Policy with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand its terms and conditions and agree to them.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Thrive through the Services please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Updating your Information and Preferences
You may update or delete your account or update your mailing preferences by contacting our support team at
Privacy@thriveglobal.com
. We will strive to quickly and efficiently update or delete your Information at your request—unless we have a legitimate business or legal reason to keep that information or unless requests require disproportionate technical effort, risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical. Before acting on your request to update or delete your Information, we may ask you to verify your identity.
California Privacy Rights
The California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to thrivezp@thriveglobal.com (include My California Privacy Rights in the subject line). Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer per year.
European Union (EU) Users
Scope.
This section applies if you are a User in the EU (for these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and, to the extent applicable, Switzerland).
Data Controller.
Thrive Global Holdings Inc. is the data controller for processing Personal Data provided to us through the Services. To find out our contact details, please see the “Contact Us” section below.
You can also contact DPR Group, who has been appointed as Thrive’s Data Protection Representative in the EU pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation on matters related to the processing of your Personal Data. If you want to raise a question to Thrive, or otherwise exercise your rights in respect of your personal data (described below), please contact DPR Group as follows:
send an email to thriveglobal@dpr.eu.com;
fill in the online form at
www.dpr.eu.com/thriveglobal
, or
mail your inquiry to DPR Group at the most convenient of the addresses in the table below. Please ensure the post is addressed to ‘
DPR Group
’ and not to ‘Thrive Global Holdings, Inc.’ directly, to ensure that your communications are received by DPR Group. Please refer clearly to Thrive in your correspondence.
CountryAddress
AustriaDPR Group, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020, AustriaBelgiumDPR Group, Place de L’Université 16, Louvain-La-Neuve, Waals Brabant, 1348, BelgiumBulgariaDPR Group, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, BulgariaCroatiaDPR Group, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32, Zagreb, 10000, CroatiaCyprusDPR Group, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue, Limassol, 3030, CyprusCzech RepublicDPR Group, IQ Ostrava Ground floor, 28. rijna 3346/91, Ostrava-mesto, Moravska, Ostrava, Czech RepublicDenmarkDPR Group, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, DenmarkEstoniaDPR Group, 2nd Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, EstoniaFinlandDPR Group, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki, 00100, FinlandFranceDPR Group, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, FranceGermanyDPR Group, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067, GermanyGreeceDPR Group, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, GreeceHungaryDPR Group, EMKE Building, Rákóczi Út 42, Budapest, 1072, HungaryIrelandDPR Group, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, Republic of IrelandItalyDPR Group, BPM 335368, Via Roma 12, 10073 , Turin, ItalyLatviaDPR Group, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, LatviaLithuaniaDPR Group, Vilniaus g.31, Vilnius, LT- 01402, LithuaniaLuxembourgDPR Group, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre, LuxembourgMaltaDPR Group, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street, Swatar, BKR4013, MaltaNetherlandsDPR Group, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081 CN, NetherlandsPolandDPR Group, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403, PolandPortugalDPR Group, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor, Algès, Lisbon, 1495-061, PortugalRomaniaDPR Group, World Trade Centre, Piata Montreal no 10, Entrance F, 1st Floor, Sector 1, Bucharest, 11469, RomaniaSlovakiaDPR Group, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, SlovakiaSloveniaDPR Group, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000, SloveniaSpainDPR Group, Puerta de las Naciones, Ribera del Loira 46, Madrid, 28042, SpainSwedenDPR Group, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE – 211 46, SwedenUnited KingdomDPR Group, BPM 335368, 372 Old Street, EC1V 9AU, London, United Kingdom
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable EU law, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data that we hold about you:
Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of all Personal Data you are lawfully entitled to receive along with certain other details. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask that we correct or complete it. If we shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the correction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data, such as where you withdraw your consent, where applicable. If we share your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data with so you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it (please read below for information on your right to object). We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability: You have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you, and that is processed by us by automated means. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or
If we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent will not affect any processing of your data before we received notice that you wished to withdraw consent.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making: You have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your Personal Data (including profiling) which produce a significant legal effect on you, unless this is necessary in relation to a contract between you and us or you provide your explicit consent to this use.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
Legitimate Interest
“Legitimate interest” means our interest in conducting our business, managing and delivering the best Services to you. This Privacy Policy describes when we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, what these interests are and your rights. We will not use your Personal Data for activities where the impact on you overrides our interests, unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law.
Children
The Services are not directed to EU data subjects who are children who are under the age of 16. Thrive does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children who are under 16. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Data to Thrive through the Services please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Publicly Posted Information
This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any information you post to the public areas of the Services. Comments posted to public areas may be viewed, accessed, and used by third parties subject to those parties’ privacy practices and policies.
Links to Other Websites
The App may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by us (
“Third Party Sites”
), including social media services such as Facebook or Twitter (
“Social Media Services”
). The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact those sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.
Security
You use Services at your own risk. Thrive takes steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should keep this in mind when disclosing Personal Data to us and take special care in deciding what information you disclose to us over the Internet or send to us via e-mail. We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share information. Therefore, we cannot, and do not, guarantee that information or content posted by a User on or through the Services will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services.
Participation in Thrive ZP Programs
In addition to the Thrive ZP Services, Thrive may offer certain programs for Thrive ZP users to participate in, such as webinars, events, stories, etc. (“Thrive ZP Program”). By participating in a Thrive ZP Program, you agree that (i) Thrive may copy, modify, display, distribute, or otherwise use, for any business purpose, any audio, pictures, video, information of or disclosed by you (including any health or personal information of yourself or your family whom you have valid authorization to do so), and/or other materials you submit to Thrive or otherwise are recorded by Thrive during the applicable Thrive ZP Program, and (ii) you release and hold harmless Thrive from any liability or damages that may arise from such use.
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to any additional terms applicable to such Services that may be posted on the Services from time to time, including without limitation, Thrive’s Terms and Conditions Agreement at
https://www.thriveglobal.com/thrive/terms
.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result we may change this Privacy Policy at any time and when we do we will post an updated version on this page and change the Last Updated date above, unless another type of notice is required by the applicable law. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. By continuing to use the Site and the App or providing us with information after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Although Thrive Global remains self-certified under the E.U.-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield as administered by the International Trade Administration within the U.S. Department of Commerce, Thrive Global currently uses the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) for E.U. to U.S. data transfers as an alternative to Privacy Shield in order to meet data protection requirements for our international customers subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other data protection regulations.
Data Transfer Outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Thrive Global’s main administrative offices are based in the USA and that’s where we process personal information collected through our Apps.  When you provide personal information to us, we request your consent to transfer that personal information to the USA. The USA does not have an adequacy decision from the European Commission, which means that the Commission has not determined that the laws of the USA provide adequate protection for personal information. Although the laws of the USA do not provide legal protection that is equivalent to EU data protection laws, we safeguard your personal information by treating it in accordance with this GDPR Privacy Notice. We take appropriate steps to protect your privacy and implement reasonable security measures to protect your personal information in storage. We use secure transmission methods to collect personal data through our websites and Apps.  We also enter into Standard Contractual Clauses agreement with our data processors that require them to treat personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Notice.
By agreeing to our Privacy Policy, if you are an EU resident, you are also agreeing to the Standard Contractual Clauses as the Data Exporter and Thrive Global as the Data Importer.
International Users
Thrive is based in the United States. If you are accessing our Services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that your Personal Data will be transmitted to our servers in the United States as necessary to provide you with the Services that you requested, administer our contract with you or to respond to your requests as described in this Privacy Policy, and the data may be transmitted to our service providers supporting our business operations (described above). The United States may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located.
Legal Basis
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legisations, including the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), the U.S. Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH), and Art. 13/14 of regulation (EU) 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Data Protection Officer
The DPO shall be the HIPAA Privacy Officer.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
California’s “Do Not Sell My Info” Law
Thrive Global does not sell your personal information for payment or other monetary consideration. However, because California law broadly defines a “sale” of your personal information to include the act of making cookie and other similar data available to third party advertising and analytics providers when you use Thrive Global Services (even though we never receive any money in exchange), we are required to disclose those practices here.
Notices to California Residents
Your California Privacy Rights – California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), beginning January 2020 you have certain rights with respect to that information. In particular, you have a right to request that we provide you with the following information:
The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information.
The purposes for collecting, using, disclosing, or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with which we share or disclose personal information.
The categories of personal information disclosed about you for a business purpose
The categories of personal information sold about you and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold and the business or commercial purpose for selling personal information.
You also have a right to:
Receive explicit notice of further sale of personal information about a consumer that has been sold to a third party by a business and an opportunity to exercise the right to opt-out of such further sale;
Opt-out from the sale of personal information, which you can exercise by visiting our section above entitled “California’s Do Not Sell My Info Law”;
Request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions;
Not be discriminated against for exercising rights set out in the CCPA.
How to Exercise Your Rights Under CCPA
To exercise your rights under CCPA, please send an email to
Privacy@Thriveglobal.com
.
A California resident who has provided Personal Data, as defined under California Civil Code section 1798.83, to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (a “California Customer”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of Personal Data, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom Personal Data was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of Personal Data that were disclosed. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing Privacy@Thriveglobal.com. Please note that we are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address.
ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY
By using the Thrive ZP Services, you accept the terms of and agree to comply with this Privacy Policy. We may amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice or liability. Changes are effective immediately upon posting to the Thrive ZP Services website and App (
https://www.thrivezp.com/privacy
). It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy prior to use of the Thrive ZP Services. Your continued use of the Thrive ZP Services now, or following the posting of any changes, indicates your acceptance.
CONTACT US
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Thrive’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services. You may contact us as follows: You may send an email to Privacy@thriveglobal.com (include
Privacy Policy
in your subject line) or send mail to:
Thrive Global Holdings, Inc.
Privacy Team
599 Broadway
6th Floor
New York, NY 10012
Tel: 1-888-700-8474
If you are an individual in the EU, you can also contact DPR Group, who has been appointed as Thrive’s Data Protection Representative in the EU pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation. Please read the European Union (EU) Users section above to learn how to contact DPR Group.
Confidentialité
Dernière révision : 3 février 2021
Lorsque vous utilisez l’application Thrive ZP Challenge (l’« Application ») appartenant à Thrive Global Holdings inc. (« Thrive Global »), vous nous confiez vos informations. Nous utilisons vos informations pour fournir, maintenir, protéger et améliorer l’application et les services liés à l’application que nous fournissons (collectivement, les « Services Thrive ZP »), comme ce terme est défini par nos Conditions d’utilisation, disponibles à l’adresse https://www.thrivezp.com/tos, y compris l’utilisation du site Web Thrive ZP, l’utilisation de l’application, les communications par téléphone et par courrier électronique avec nous, les interactions avec les médias sociaux sur notre site Web et d’autres sites Web tiers, et la consultation de nos publicités, de nos documents, de nos courriels et de nos contenus en ligne. La présente Politique de confidentialité a pour but de vous indiquer quelles informations nous collectons, pour quelle raison nous le faisons et comment nous les utilisons.
Les utilisateurs de différentes régions peuvent être soumis à différentes normes de protection des données. Ce document comprend une section consacrée aux consommateurs de l’Union européenne et à leurs droits à la vie privée, ainsi qu’une section consacrée aux consommateurs californiens et à leurs droits à la vie privée.
Cette Politique de confidentialité s’applique à tous les Services Thrive ZP que nous fournissons. Thrive Global fournit d’autres produits et services en plus des services Thrive ZP, qui sont couverts par une Politique de confidentialité différente https://thriveglobal.com/privacy/ et des conditions différentes https://thriveglobal.com/terms/.
Les informations que nous collectons
Nous pouvons collecter vos informations personnelles ou de contact, des informations sur votre utilisation des Services Thrive ZP, y compris vos réponses et des informations sur votre appareil ou plateforme sur lequel vous accédez à l’Application (collectivement, vos « Informations »).
Les informations que vous fournissez. Informations personnelles et de contact. Lorsque vous utilisez les Services Thrive ZP, y compris lorsque vous installez l’Application, nous contactez ou utilisez l’application, nous pouvons collecter diverses informations à votre sujet, y compris des informations personnelles et de contact ou un registre des problèmes que vous avez rencontrés lors de votre utilisation des Services.
Utilisation de l’information.
Dans le cadre des Services Thrive ZP, nous pouvons collecter, stocker et analyser vos Informations, y compris votre utilisation de l’Application, l’activité et les résultats, ainsi que les informations relatives à votre participation à des concours ou à des promotions, qu’elles soient fournies par nous ou par des tiers.
Les informations que nous obtenons de votre utilisation des Services Thrive ZP. Fichiers de témoins et technologies similaires. Afin d’améliorer et de rehausser votre expérience et la qualité globale des Services Thrive ZP, nous pouvons utiliser des fichiers de témoins ou d’autres technologies similaires pour identifier votre navigateur ou votre appareil et suivre votre utilisation des Services Thrive ZP. Le site Web Thrive ZP peut également utiliser des balises ou des fichiers de témoins pour cibler la publicité lorsque vous visitez des sites Web tiers (tels que Facebook), mais les balises et les fichiers de témoins ne transmettent pas d’informations personnellement identifiables, et notre site Web ne collecte pas d’informations personnellement identifiables. Vous pouvez refuser l’utilisation de fichiers de témoins en sélectionnant les paramètres appropriés dans votre navigateur. Veuillez noter qu’en procédant ainsi, vous ne pourrez peut-être pas utiliser toutes les fonctionnalités de notre site Web.
Signaux « Ne pas me suivre » (DNT) Pour le moment, le site Web Thrive ZP ne répond pas aux signaux « Ne pas me suivre ».
Données de l’appareil mobile. Nous pouvons collecter des informations limitées sur votre appareil mobile lorsque vous utilisez notre application ou des sites Web mobiles, ou accédez aux services Thrive ZP à partir de votre navigateur mobile. Ces informations peuvent inclure des informations relatives à votre activation et à l’utilisation de l’Application, le type de votre appareil mobile et la version du système d’exploitation, l’identifiant de l’appareil mobile, les identifiants publicitaires mobiles, les adresses IP ou les connexions réseau, les informations de localisation obtenues à partir de votre adresse IP ou GPS, la date et l’horodatage de votre utilisation des Services Thrive ZP et des applications tierces, du contenu de la carte SD et des comptes associés à votre appareil.
Comment utilisons-nous vos Informations
Toute utilisation de données dans un but autre que ceux qui sont exposés dans la présente Politique de confidentialité nécessitera votre consentement.
Utilisation pour fournir les Services Thrive ZP. Vos Informations peuvent être utilisées ou divulguées pour faciliter la fourniture de l’Application ou d’autres Services Thrive ZP tels que répondre à des questions ou à des préoccupations, administrer des concours ou des promotions, juger des candidatures et contacter les gagnants potentiels.
Utilisation pour améliorer les Services Thrive ZP. Nous pouvons utiliser vos Informations pour améliorer notre Application et d’autres Services Thrive ZP, pour vous aider à résoudre tout problème auquel vous pourriez être confronté, pour vous proposer un contenu personnalisé ou pour vous informer des modifications ou améliorations apportées à l’Application ou à d’autres Services Thrive ZP.
Utilisation pour les relations clients, les promotions et le marketing. Nous pouvons utiliser des parties de vos Informations pour créer du matériel promotionnel, annoncer les Services Thrive ZP ou fournir des commentaires à nos clients ou à nos partenaires.
Divulgation de vos Informations
Nous pouvons divulguer vos Informations à des tiers, à des clients ou à des partenaires de confiance dans le cadre des Services Thrive ZP ou dans la conduite de nos activités. Toute divulgation de vos Informations sera conforme aux modalités de cette Politique de confidentialité. Toute utilisation de données dans un but autre que ceux qui sont exposés dans la présente Politique de confidentialité nécessitera votre consentement.
Divulgation pour les relations clients, les promotions et le marketing. Dans le cadre des Services Thrive ZP, vos informations, y compris votre utilisation de l’Application, les informations que vous saisissez et votre participation aux promotions d’annonceurs tiers, peuvent être divulguées à des tiers, y compris des clients potentiels ou actuels, qui peuvent inclure votre employeur. Nous pouvons également divulguer des informations agrégées sur la participation des utilisateurs, le nombre d’entrées dans les promotions et les concours des annonceurs tiers, et les réponses des Utilisateurs à nos clients ou commanditaires participants.
Divulgation requise par la loi. Nous pouvons divulguer vos Informations si la loi l’exige, à la demande d’un tiers, ou si nous pensons que la divulgation est raisonnable pour (1) se conformer à la loi, à une demande ou à un ordre des forces de l’ordre, ou à toute procédure légale; (2) protéger ou défendre Thrive Global, ou les droits ou la propriété d’un tiers; ou (3) pour protéger la santé ou la sécurité de quelqu’un, par exemple lorsqu’il y a une menace de préjudice ou de violence contre une personne (y compris vous).
Divulgation pour protéger les victimes d’abus. Nous nous réservons le droit, mais n’avons aucune obligation de divulguer vos Informations si nous soupçonnons ou avons des raisons de soupçonner que vos Informations concernent une partie qui pourrait être victime d’abus sous quelque forme que ce soit. Vos Informations peuvent être divulguées aux autorités que nous jugeons appropriées pour traiter ces divulgations, telles que les agences d’application de la loi, les agences de protection de l’enfance ou les gens de palais.
Divulgation à des tiers de confiance par Thrive Global. Nous pouvons fournir vos Informations à nos sociétés affiliées ou à d’autres entreprises ou personnes de confiance si nous pensons qu’une telle divulgation est raisonnablement requise par les besoins de l’entreprise. Par exemple, nous pouvons divulguer vos Informations pour un traitement externe ou pour utiliser les services d’assistants technologiques ou de prestataires de services client. Cependant, tous les tiers ayant accès à vos Informations se conformeront aux modalités de la présente Politique de confidentialité et aux autres mesures de confidentialité et de sécurité appropriées.
Divulgation à des produits tiers ou à des annonceurs. Les Services Thrive ZP, y compris l’Application, peuvent vous permettre d’interagir avec ou contenir des liens vers des sites Web tiers, des applications logicielles mobiles, des publicités qui vous sont livrées directement par des annonceurs tiers et des services qui ne sont pas détenus ou contrôlés par nous (individuellement, « Service tiers »). Nous ne sommes pas responsables des pratiques ou du contenu de ces Services tiers. Veuillez noter que les Services tiers peuvent collecter des informations personnelles vous concernant, utiliser votre adresse IP pour cibler des récompenses ou des promotions et télécharger des fichiers de témoins sur votre appareil (ordinateur ou téléphone mobile). Ils peuvent également utiliser d’autres technologies qui personnalisent et mesurent l’efficacité de leurs publicités, promotions ou autres services. Les fichiers de témoins d’annonceurs tiers ne sont pas couverts par la présente Politique de confidentialité, et nous ne contrôlons pas non plus les pratiques des tiers. En conséquence, nous vous encourageons à lire les conditions et la politique de confidentialité de chaque Service tiers avec lequel vous avez choisi d’interagir ou d’utiliser.
Protection de la vie privée des enfants
Les Services Thrive ZP ne sont pas créés pour les enfants. En utilisant les Services Thrive ZP, y compris l’Application, vous affirmez que vous avez plus de treize ans. Si vous avez entre treize et dix-huit ans, avant d’utiliser nos services, vous devez d’abord consulter les modalités cette Politique de confidentialité avec votre parent ou tuteur pour vous assurer que vous et votre parent ou tuteur comprenez ses conditions et que vous y adhérer.
Si vous avez des raisons de croire qu’un enfant de moins de 13 ans a fourni des Données personnelles à Thrive via les Services, veuillez nous contacter et nous nous efforcerons de supprimer ces informations de nos bases de données.
Mise à jour de vos Informations et de vos Préférences
Vous pouvez mettre à jour ou supprimer votre compte, ou mettre à jour vos préférences d’envoi en contactant notre équipe de soutien à privacy@thriveglobal.com. Nous nous efforcerons de mettre à jour ou de supprimer rapidement et efficacement vos Informations à votre demande, à moins que nous ayons une raison commerciale ou légale légitime de conserver ces informations ou à moins que les demandes ne nécessitent un effort technique disproportionné, mettent en danger la vie privée d’autrui ou soient extrêmement peu pratiques. Avant de donner suite à votre demande de mise à jour ou de suppression de vos Informations, nous pouvons vous demander de vérifier votre identité.
Vos droits à la confidentialité en Californie
L’article 1798.83 du Code civil de Californie permet aux utilisateurs qui résident en Californie de demander certains renseignements concernant la divulgation de renseignements personnels à des tiers à des fins de marketing direct. Pour faire une telle demande, veuillez envoyer un courriel à thrivezp@thriveglobal.com (incluez Mes droits à la confidentialité en Californie dans l’objet). Veuillez noter que nous ne sommes tenus de répondre qu’à une seule demande par client et par an.
Utilisateurs de l’Union européenne (UE)
Portée. Cette section s’applique si vous êtes un utilisateur dans l’UE (à ces fins, la référence à l’UE comprend également les pays de l’Espace économique européen que sont l’Islande, le Liechtenstein et la Norvège et, dans la mesure du possible, la Suisse).
Contrôleur de données. Thrive Global Holdings inc. est le responsable du contrôle des données personnelles qui nous sont fournies via les Services. Pour connaître nos coordonnées, veuillez consulter la section « Contactez-nous » ci-dessous.
Vous pouvez également contacter DPR Group, qui a été désigné comme représentant de Thrive pour la protection des données dans l’UE conformément à l’article 27 du règlement général sur la protection des données sur les questions liées au traitement de vos données personnelles. Si vous souhaitez poser une question à Thrive ou exercer vos droits concernant vos données personnelles (décrites ci-dessous), veuillez contacter DPR Group comme suit :
envoyez un courriel à thriveglobal@dpr.eu.com;
remplissez le formulaire en ligne au www.dpr.eu.com/thriveglobal, ou
envoyez votre demande à DPR Group à l’adresse la plus appropriée du tableau ci-dessous. Veuillez vous assurer que le message est adressé à ‘DPR Group’ et non à ‘Thrive Global Holdings inc. directement, pour vous assurer que vos communications sont reçues par DPR Group. Veuillez faire clairement référence à Thrive dans votre correspondance.
PaysAdresse
Autriche DPR Group, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020, Autriche
Belgique DPR Group, Place de L’Université 16, Louvain-La-Neuve, Waals Brabant, 1348, Belgique
Bulgarie DPR Group, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgarie
Croatie DPR Group, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32, Zagreb, 10000, Croatie
Chypre DPR Group, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue, Limassol, 3030, Chypre
République tchèque DPR Group, IQ Ostrava Ground floor, 28. rijna 3346/91, Ostrava-mesto, Moravska, Ostrava, République tchèque
Danemark DPR Group, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Danemark
Estonie DPR Group, 2e étage, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, Estonie
Finlande DPR Group, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki, 00100, Finlande
France DPR Group, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France
Allemagne DPR Group, 3e et 4e étage, Altmarkt 10 B / D, Dresde, 01067, Allemagne
Grèce DPR Group, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athènes, 17671, Grèce
Hongrie DPR Group, EMKE Building, Rákóczi Út 42, Budapest, 1072, Hongrie
Irlande DPR Group, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, République d’Irlande
Italie DPR Group, BPM 335368, Via Roma 12, 10073, Turin, Italie
Lettonie DPR Group, 4th & 5th floor, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Lettonie
Lituanie DPR Group, Vilniaus g.31, Vilnius, LT- 01402, Lituanie
Luxembourg DPR Group, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre, Luxembourg
Malte DPR Group, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street, Swatar, BKR4013, Malte
Pays-Bas DPR Group, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081 CN,
Pays-Bas
Pologne DPR Group, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Cracovie, 31-403, Pologne
Portugal DPR Group, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7e étage, Algès, Lisbonne, 1495-061, Portugal
Roumanie DPR Group, World Trade Center, Piata Montreal no 10, Entrance F, 1st Floor, Sector 1, Bucarest, 11469, Roumanie
Slovaquie DPR Group, Apollo Business Center II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovaquie
Slovénie DPR Group, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000, Slovénie
Espagne DPR Group, Puerta de las Naciones, Ribera del Loira 46, Madrid, 28042, Espagne
Suède DPR Group, S: t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmö, SE – 211 46, Suède
Royaume-Uni DPR Group, BPM 335368, 372 Old Street, EC1V 9AU, Londres, Royaume-Uni
Vos droits. Sous réserve de la législation européenne applicable, vous disposez des droits suivants en ce qui concerne vos données personnelles que nous détenons à votre sujet :
Droit d’accès : si vous nous le demandez, nous confirmerons si nous traitons vos données personnelles et, le cas échéant, vous fournirons une copie de toutes les données personnelles que vous êtes légalement en droit de recevoir ainsi que certains autres détails. Si vous avez besoin de copies supplémentaires, nous pourrions devoir facturer des frais raisonnables.
Droit de rectification : si vos données personnelles sont inexactes ou incomplètes, vous avez le droit de nous demander de les corriger ou de les compléter. Si nous partageons vos données personnelles avec d’autres, nous leur informerons de la correction dans la mesure du possible. Si vous nous le demandez, et lorsque cela est possible et légal, nous vous indiquerons également avec qui nous avons partagé vos Données personnelles afin que vous puissiez les contacter directement.
Droit d’effacement : vous pouvez nous demander de supprimer ou de retirer vos Données personnelles, par exemple lorsque vous retirez votre consentement, le cas échéant. Si nous partageons vos données avec d’autres, nous les informerons de l’effacement dans la mesure du possible. Si vous nous le demandez, et lorsque cela est possible et légal, nous vous indiquerons également avec qui nous avons partagé vos Données personnelles afin que vous puissiez les contacter directement.
Droit de restreindre le traitement : vous pouvez nous demander de restreindre ou de « bloquer » le traitement de vos Données personnelles dans certaines circonstances, par exemple lorsque vous contestez l’exactitude des données ou vous vous opposez à ce que nous les traitions (veuillez lire ci-dessous pour plus d’informations sur votre droit objecter). Nous vous en informerons avant de lever toute restriction de traitement. Si nous partageons vos données personnelles avec d’autres, nous les informerons de la restriction dans la mesure du possible. Si vous nous le demandez, et lorsque cela est possible et légal, nous vous indiquerons également avec qui nous avons partagé vos Données personnelles afin que vous puissiez les contacter directement.
Droit à la portabilité des données : vous avez le droit d’obtenir de nous vos Données personnelles que vous avez consenti à nous donner ou qui nous ont été fournies si nécessaire dans le cadre de notre contrat avec vous, et qui sont traitées par nous par des moyens automatisés. Nous vous fournirons vos données personnelles dans un format structuré, couramment utilisé et lisible par machine. Vous pouvez les réutiliser ailleurs.
Droit d’opposition : vous pouvez nous demander à tout moment d’arrêter de traiter vos Données personnelles, et nous le ferons :
Si nous nous appuyons sur un intérêt légitime pour traiter vos données personnelles, à moins que nous ne démontrions des motifs légitimes impérieux pour le traitement ou
Si nous traitons vos données personnelles à des fins de marketing direct.
Droit de retirer votre consentement : si nous comptons sur votre consentement pour traiter vos données personnelles, vous avez le droit de retirer ce consentement à tout moment. Le retrait du consentement n’affectera aucun traitement de vos données avant que nous ayons reçu un avis indiquant que vous souhaitiez retirer votre consentement.
Droits relatifs à la prise de décision automatisée : vous avez le droit d’être libre de toute décision basée uniquement sur le traitement automatisé de vos données personnelles (y compris le profilage) qui produit un effet juridique significatif sur vous, sauf si cela est nécessaire dans le cadre d’un contrat entre vous et nous ou vous donnez votre consentement explicite à cette utilisation.
Droit de déposer une plainte auprès de l’autorité de protection des données : si vous avez un problème concernant nos pratiques en matière de confidentialité, y compris la façon dont nous avons traité vos Données personnelles, vous pouvez le signaler à l’autorité de protection des données qui est autorisée à entendre ces préoccupations.
Intérêt légitime
« Intérêt légitime » signifie notre intérêt à mener nos activités, à gérer et à vous fournir les meilleurs Services. Cette Politique de confidentialité décrit quand nous traitons vos Données personnelles pour nos intérêts légitimes, quels sont ces intérêts et vos droits. Nous n’utiliserons pas vos Données personnelles pour des activités où l’impact sur vous l’emporte sur nos intérêts, à moins que nous ayons votre consentement ou que ces activités soient autrement requises ou autorisées par la loi.
Enfants
Les Services ne sont pas destinés aux personnes concernées de l’UE qui sont des enfants de moins de 16 ans. Thrive ne collecte pas sciemment de Données personnelles d’enfants de moins de 16 ans. Si vous avez des raisons de croire qu’un enfant de moins de 13 ans a fourni des Données personnelles à Thrive via les Services, veuillez nous contacter et nous nous efforcerons de supprimer ces informations de nos bases de données.
Informations publiées publiquement
Cette Politique de confidentialité ne s’applique à aucune information que vous publiez dans les zones publiques des Services. Les commentaires publiés dans les espaces publics peuvent être vus, consultés et utilisés par des tiers sous réserve des pratiques et des politiques de confidentialité de ces parties.
Liens vers d’autres sites Internet
L’Application peut contenir des liens vers d’autres sites Web que nous ne gérons ni ne contrôlons (« Sites tiers »), y compris des services de médias sociaux tels que Facebook ou Twitter (« Services de médias sociaux »). Les informations que vous partagez avec des sites tiers seront régies par les politiques de confidentialité et les conditions de service spécifiques des sites tiers et non par la présente Politique de confidentialité. Le fait de fournir ces liens ne signifie pas que nous approuvons ou avons examiné ces sites. Veuillez contacter ces sites directement pour obtenir des informations sur leurs pratiques et leurs politiques de confidentialité.
Sécurité
Vous utilisez les Services à vos propres risques. Thrive prend des mesures pour protéger les Données personnelles fournies via les Services contre la perte, l’utilisation abusive et l’accès non autorisé, la divulgation, l’altération ou la destruction. Cependant, aucune transmission Internet ou par courriel n’est entièrement sécurisée ou exempte d’erreur. Les courriels envoyés vers ou depuis les Services peuvent ne pas être sécurisés. Par conséquent, vous devez garder cela à l’esprit lorsque vous nous divulguez des Données personnelles et choisir judicieusement les informations que vous nous divulguez sur Internet ou que vous nous envoyez par courriel. Nous ne pouvons pas contrôler les actions des autres utilisateurs avec lesquels vous pouvez choisir de partager des informations. Par conséquent, nous ne pouvons pas garantir et ne garantissons pas que les informations ou le contenu publié par un utilisateur sur ou via les Services ne seront pas consultés par des personnes non autorisées. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des contournements des paramètres de confidentialité ou des mesures de sécurité contenues dans les Services.
Participation aux programmes Thrive ZP
En plus des services Thrive ZP, Thrive peut proposer certains programmes auxquels les utilisateurs de Thrive ZP peuvent participer, tels que des webinaires, des événements, des histoires, etc. (« Programme Thrive ZP »). En participant à un programme Thrive ZP, vous acceptez que (i) Thrive puisse copier, modifier, afficher, distribuer ou autrement utiliser, à des fins commerciales, tout fichier audio, image, vidéo, information ou divulgation par vous (y compris toutes informations de santé ou personnelles de vous-même ou de votre famille pour lesquelles vous avez une autorisation valide pour le faire), et/ou d’autres documents que vous soumettez à Thrive ou autrement sont enregistrés par Thrive pendant le programme Thrive ZP applicable, et (ii) vous libérez et dégagez Thrive de toute responsabilité ou dommage pouvant résulter d’une telle utilisation.
AUTRES MODALITÉS
Votre accès aux Services et votre utilisation des Services sont soumis à toutes les conditions supplémentaires applicables à ces Services qui peuvent être publiées sur les services de temps à autre, y compris, sans limitation, les conditions générales de Thrive à https://www.thriveglobal.com/prospérer/termes.
MODIFICATIONS APPORTÉES À NOTRE POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ
Les Services et nos activités peuvent changer de temps à autre. En conséquence, nous pouvons modifier cette Politique de confidentialité à tout moment et, lorsque nous le ferons, nous publierons une version mise à jour sur cette page et changerons la date de dernière mise à jour ci-dessus, sauf si un autre type d’avis est requis par la loi applicable. Nous vous invitons à consulter régulièrement cette politique de confidentialité pour vous tenir au courant des dernières modifications. En continuant à utiliser le Site et l’Application ou en nous fournissant des informations après que nous avons publié une Politique de confidentialité mise à jour ou que nous vous en ayons informé le cas échéant, vous consentez à la Politique de confidentialité révisée et aux pratiques qui y sont décrites.
Bouclier de protection des données personnelles
La Cour de justice de l’Union européenne (la plus haute juridiction de l’UE) a annulé le processus du bouclier de protection des données personnelles en tant que mécanisme de plainte par lequel les données personnelles de l’UE peuvent être transférées de l’UE vers les États-Unis.
Thrive Global utilisait l’inscription au bouclier de protection des données personnelles auprès de la FTC comme méthode par laquelle nous nous assurions que les transferts de données sont conformes au RGPD, Thrive a dû cesser de le faire et le remplacer par un autre mécanisme. Thrive utilise actuellement les clauses contractuelles standard (SCC) pour les transferts de données de l’UE vers les États-Unis comme solution de rechange au bouclier de protection des données personnelles.
Transfert de données en dehors de l’Espace économique européen (EEE)
Les principaux bureaux administratifs de Thrive Global sont basés aux États-Unis et c’est là que nous traitons les informations personnelles collectées via nos Applications. Lorsque vous nous fournissez des informations personnelles, nous vous demandons votre consentement pour transférer ces informations personnelles aux États-Unis. Les États-Unis n’ont pas de décision d’adéquation de la Commission européenne, ce qui signifie que la Commission n’a pas déterminé que les lois des États-Unis fournissent une protection adéquate des informations personnelles. Bien que les lois des États-Unis n’offrent pas de protection juridique équivalente aux lois de l’UE sur la protection des données, nous protégeons vos informations personnelles en les traitant conformément au présent avis de confidentialité du RGPD. Nous prenons les mesures appropriées pour protéger votre vie privée et mettre en œuvre des mesures de sécurité raisonnables pour protéger vos informations personnelles stockées. Nous utilisons des méthodes de transmission sécurisées pour collecter des données personnelles via nos sites Web et nos Applications. Nous concluons également un accord de clauses contractuelles standard avec nos sous-traitants de données qui les obligent à traiter les informations personnelles d’une manière conforme au présent avis.
En acceptant notre Politique de confidentialité, si vous êtes un résident de l’UE, vous acceptez également les clauses contractuelles types en tant qu’exportateur de données et Thrive Global en tant qu’importateur de données.
Utilisateurs internationaux
Thrive est basé aux États-Unis. Si vous accédez à nos Services depuis l’Union européenne ou d’autres régions avec des lois régissant la collecte et l’utilisation des données, veuillez noter que vos Données personnelles seront transmises à nos serveurs aux États-Unis si nécessaire pour vous fournir les Services que vous avez demandés, administrer notre contrat avec vous ou pour répondre à vos demandes comme décrit dans la présente Politique de confidentialité, et les données peuvent être transmises à nos fournisseurs de services qui gèrent nos opérations commerciales (décrites ci-dessus). Les États-Unis peuvent avoir des lois sur la protection des données moins strictes ou différentes des lois en vigueur dans le pays dans lequel vous vous trouvez.
Base juridique
Cette déclaration de confidentialité a été préparée sur la base des dispositions de plusieurs législations, y compris la loi américaine sur la portabilité et la responsabilité des assurances maladie de 1996 (HIPAA), la loi américaine sur les technologies de l’information sur la santé pour la santé économique et clinique (HITECH) et l’art. 13/14 du règlement (UE) 2016/679 Règlement général sur la protection des données (RGPD).
Délégué à la protection des données
Le DPD est le responsable de la confidentialité HIPAA.
Loi sur la protection du consommateur en Californie
Loi californienne « Do Not Sell My Info »
Thrive Global ne vend pas vos informations personnelles contre paiement ou toute autre contrepartie monétaire. Cependant, parce que la loi californienne définit de manière large une « vente » de vos informations personnelles pour inclure l’acte de rendre les fichiers de témoins et autres données similaires disponibles à des fournisseurs tiers de publicité et d’analyse lorsque vous utilisez Thrive Global Services (même si nous ne recevons jamais d’argent en échange), nous sommes tenus de divulguer ces pratiques ici.
Avis aux résidents de la Californie
Vos droits en matière de confidentialité en Californie – California Consumer Privacy Act (« CCPA »)
Si vous êtes un résident de la Californie et que le traitement des informations personnelles vous concernant est soumis à la California Consumer Privacy Act (« CCPA »), à compter de janvier 2020, vous disposez de certains droits concernant ces informations. Vous avez notamment le droit de nous demander de vous fournir les informations suivantes :
Les catégories et les informations personnelles spécifiques que nous avons collectées à votre sujet.
Les catégories de sources à partir desquelles nous recueillons des informations personnelles.
Les objectifs de la collecte, de l’utilisation, de la divulgation ou de la vente d’informations personnelles.
Les catégories de tiers avec lesquelles nous partageons ou divulguons des informations personnelles.
Les catégories d’informations personnelles divulguées à votre sujet à des fins commerciales
Les catégories d’informations personnelles vendues à votre sujet et les catégories de tiers auxquels les informations personnelles ont été vendues, par catégorie ou catégories d’informations personnelles pour les catégories de tiers auxquelles les informations personnelles ont été vendues et le but commercial de la vente des informations personnelles.
Vous avez également le droit de :
Recevoir un avis explicite de vente ultérieure d’informations personnelles sur un consommateur qui ont été vendues à un tiers par une entreprise et le pouvoir d’exercer le droit de refuser une telle vente ultérieure;
Vous désinscrire de la vente d’informations personnelles, que vous pouvez exercer en visitant notre section ci-dessus intitulée : Loi californienne « Do Not Sale My Info »;
Demander que nous supprimions les informations personnelles dans certaines circonstances, sous réserve d’un certain nombre d’exceptions;
Ne pas faire l’objet de discrimination pour l’exercice des droits énoncés dans la CCPA.
Comment exercer vos droits en vertu de la CCPA
Pour exercer vos droits en vertu du CCPA, veuillez envoyer un courriel à Privacy@Thriveglobal.com.
Un résident californien qui a fourni des données personnelles, telles que définies dans l’article 1798.83 du code civil californien, à une entreprise avec laquelle il a établi une relation commerciale à des fins personnelles, familiales ou domestiques (un « Client californien ») peut demander des informations si l’entreprise a divulgué des informations personnelles à des tiers à des fins de marketing direct de tiers. En général, si l’entreprise a procédé à une telle divulgation de données personnelles, à la réception d’une demande d’un Client californien, l’entreprise est tenue de fournir une liste de tous les tiers auxquels les données personnelles ont été divulguées au cours de l’année civile précédente, ainsi qu’une liste des catégories de données personnelles qui ont été divulguées. Les Clients californiens peuvent demander de plus amples informations sur notre conformité à cette loi en envoyant un courriel à Privacy@Thriveglobal.com. Veuillez noter que nous sommes tenus de répondre à une demande par Client californien chaque année et que nous ne sommes pas tenus de répondre aux demandes effectuées par des moyens autres que cette adresse courriel.
ACCEPTATION DE LA POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ
En utilisant les Services Thrive ZP, vous acceptez les conditions et acceptez de vous conformer à cette Politique de confidentialité. Nous pouvons modifier cette Politique de confidentialité à tout moment, pour quelque raison que ce soit, sans préavis ni responsabilité. Les modifications entrent en vigueur dès leur publication sur le site Web et l’application Thrive ZP Services (https://www.thrivezp.com/privacy). Il est de votre responsabilité de consulter cette Politique de confidentialité avant d’utiliser les services Thrive ZP. Votre utilisation continue des Services Thrive ZP maintenant, ou après la publication de tout changement, confirme votre acceptation.
CONTACTEZ-NOUS
N’hésitez pas à nous contacter si vous avez des questions sur la Politique de confidentialité de Thrive ou les pratiques d’information des Services.  Vous pouvez nous contacter comme suit : Vous pouvez envoyer un courriel à Privacy@thriveglobal.com (inclure la Politique de confidentialité dans l’objet) ou envoyer un courrier  :
Thrive Global Holdings inc.
Équipe de confidentialité
599 Broadway
6e étage
New York, NY 10012
Tél. : 1 888 700-8474
Si vous êtes une personne physique dans l’UE, vous pouvez également contacter DPR Group, qui a été désigné comme représentant de Thrive pour la protection des données dans l’UE conformément à l’article 27 du règlement général sur la protection des données. Veuillez lire la section Utilisateurs de l’Union européenne (UE) ci-dessus pour savoir comment contacter DPR Group.
‍
Sub-policy 1
https://privacy@thriveglobal.com/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our
Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Product
We’ve designed our behavior change product suite to enhance productivity by improving people’s well-being.
Learn More
Solutions
Platform Integrations
Call Center Integrations
Company
Our Company
We’re leading the conversation on mental health, behavior change, and productivity.
We’re on a mission to drive productivity through well-being
We’re redefining work, productivity, and well-being. Are you in?
Latest PRess
Stanford: Alice L. Walton School of Medicine and Stanford Medicine host AI conference on community health
Log In
Get a Demo
Fuel productivity through behavior change
Empower your organization with Thrive's all-in-one productivity and health platform.
Explore the Platform
Get a Demo
We work with the world's leading companies to help them prioritize their people
01
Diagnose Burnout
Treat burnout for good by asking the right questions. We’re experts in the science of burnout, and our platform measures your employees’ burnout risk and resilience directly in their daily workflow.
02
Empower Managers
The manager-employee relationship is at the heart of a thriving culture. We turn your managers into role models for a better way of living and working, so they can spark change across teams and the entire organization.
03
Change Behavior
A company is only as resilient as its people. Our behavior change tools and technology empower your people to prioritize their well-being and drive lasting, deeply impactful change across your workforce.
Rooted in the
latest science
We’ve cracked the code on behavior change and developed our methodology using cutting-edge science and years of testing. Our in-house experts partner with leading scientists from a range of disciplines to ground our solutions in the latest research.
Meet our Scientific Advisory Board
Our customers get results
36% of the top 25 global companies recognized by
Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For
list are Thrive customers. Our science-backed approach has been adopted by employees at more than 200 companies in over 160 countries, delivering outcomes for everyone from frontline and call center workers to C-suite executives and corporate employees.
“
Pfizer’s partnership with Thrive has been a great support in our ongoing efforts to provide the
tools and resources to help all of our colleagues take care of their physical and mental health.
The more knowledge and tools we have, the better able we are to achieve our purpose: Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives.
”
Payal Sahni
Executive vp and Chief People Experience Officer
“
We partnered with Thrive to introduce Thriving Mind, a program focused on mental wellness, to over 170,000 employees around the world.
Nine out of ten people said it’s helping them improve their stress.
”
Julie Sweet
Chief executive officer
“
Many workplaces today are optimized for efficiency and effectiveness. That results in people feeling overworked and their contributions being undervalued. With Thrive, we can shift the way businesses use technology
to create personalized, empathetic employee experiences.
”
Tony Bates
CEO
“
As we continued to think about expanding our mental well-being offerings, we realized there was an opportunity to do more around preventative care. Salesforce partnered with Thrive because their
solutions in the behavioral health space are robust, global, and truly impressive.
”
Jody Kohner
EXECUTIVE Vp, GLOBAL ENABLEMENT
“
We really leaned heavily into our partnership with Thrive around daily mental health exercises. The app, Microsteps, and Reset really help us find ways to
take care of ourselves daily in a way that allows for good mental health, even in this time of extreme stress.
”
Tracy Layney
CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER
Bring Thrive
to your business
Learn more about how Thrive can empower your people and elevate your business.
Sub-policy 2
https://preferences.thriveglobal.com/privacy:
Error loading page
There was an error loading the page.
Refresh the page.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 4
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy:
×
close
We use cookies to improve HubSpot’s site. Some cookies are necessary for our website and services to function properly. Other cookies are optional and help personalize your experience, including advertising and analytics. You can consent to all cookies, decline all optional cookies, or manage optional cookies. Without a selection, our default cookie settings will apply. You can change your preferences at any time. To learn more, check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept all
Decline all
Manage Cookies
Legal
For Customers
Customer Terms of Service
Product Specific Terms
Jurisdiction Specific Terms
Data Processing Agreement
Product and Services Catalog
Acceptable Use Policy
HubSpot Security Program
Content Moderation @HubSpot
For Partners
App Partner Program Agreement
Solutions Partner Program Agreement
Marketing Affiliate Program Agreement
HubSpot for Startups Partner Agreement
Education Partner Agreement
For Developers
HubSpot Developer Terms
HubSpot Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
For Everyone
Website Terms of Use
Website Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
European Union Digital Services Act
Modern Slavery Statement
Other Legal Docs
Community Terms of Use
Marketplace Terms of Use
HUG Program Agreement
UX Research Participation Agreement
Back to Legal Stuff home
HubSpot is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data we collect and process in the course of our business. HubSpot acts in different ways when processing data:
(i) HubSpot acts as a controller of your personal data when you sign up for our products and services, visit our websites or interact with us through other channels (for example in person events). We use this data for a variety of purposes, including to provide our products and services to you, contact you about relevant content, and improve and promote our products and services.
(ii) HubSpot acts as a processor when our customers use our products and services to collect and process personal data in connection with their sales, marketing, and other business activities. In this case, we act as a processor (or service provider) on behalf of our customers (who are controllers of personal data) under the HubSpot
Data Processing Agreement
included in the
Customer Terms of Service
.
(iii) HubSpot also acts as a controller when we collect and process personal data about individuals in their professional capacity, and make that information available to customers for their own sales, marketing, and other business activities. This includes personal data we may collect indirectly about you, such as from publicly available sources, our customers, or other third parties. For more information see the “What Information We Collect and Process” section.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This Privacy Policy describes your choices and rights with respect to your Personal Data, including your rights of access and correction.
(i) For information about how to exercise your privacy rights when HubSpot acts as a controller of personal data, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section.
(ii) To opt out and delete your personal data from our commercial dataset of professionals, please fill out
this form
.
(iii) If you wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please refer to the customer policies and contact the customer directly.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time and encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are material, notify you directly (for example, by sending you an email notification). Terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
.
1.
What
Information We Collect and Process
2.
How We Use Personal Data
3.
How We Share Personal Data
4.
How We Transfer Personal Data Internationally
5.
How We Store and Secure Personal Data
6.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
7.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
8.
California Privacy Rights
9.
Other Important Privacy Information
10.
Google Integrations
11.
Contact Us
1
. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
1.1 Information You Provide to HubSpot.
When you interact with us via our websites or any sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy (such as HubSpot.com, the Hustle.co, etc.) or use the Subscription Service, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below.
1.1.1 When You Visit Our Websites. We collect Personal Data from you when you submit web forms or interact with our websites, for example by subscribing to a HubSpot blog, signing up for a webinar, subscribing to one of our services or requesting customer support. We may ask for your email address, first and last name, job title, and other similar business information. You are free to explore some of our websites without providing any Personal Data about yourself.
1.1.2 INBOUND and Other Event Information. When you register for
INBOUND
or a HubSpot event, we collect information such as name, address, phone number, and email address. We use this information to communicate with you and in some cases facilitate your registration. Additionally, we may share your registration data with service providers of INBOUND in order to provide event information and improve your experience at INBOUND or future HubSpot events.
1.1.3 Account and User Information. We collect Personal Data when you sign-up for a HubSpot account, create or modify user information, set preferences, or provide any other related information to access or utilize our Subscription Service.
1.1.4 Payment Information. We collect payment and billing information when you register for or purchase paid products or services. For example, we may ask you to provide a billing address, or a billing contact for your HubSpot account. If you give us payment information, we use it solely as authorized by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use secure third-party payment service providers to manage payment processing, which is collected through a secure payment process.
1.1.5 Testimonials. We may post testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain Personal Data.
1.2 Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service.
Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to create and share marketing, sales and customer service content. When customers use our product, they may process Personal Data such as first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other information about you. We call the information that our customers submit or collect via the product ‘Customer Data’ under our
Customer Terms of Service
.
We generally store and process information about and on behalf of our customers on our servers as a processor (or service provider) based on a customer’s instructions and in accordance with our
Customer Terms of Service
.  Each customer controls and is  responsible for the information they process using the Subscription Service and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the Personal Data to HubSpot for processing purposes.
If you have questions about the Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please contact the customer directly and refer to their policies.
1.3 Information We Collect and Process When You Use the Subscription Service.
1.3.1 Usage Data. We collect usage data when you or your users in your HubSpot account interact with the Subscription Service. Usage data includes metrics and information regarding your use and interaction with the Subscription Service such as what product features you use the most, when an object (like a ticket) is opened and closed, and how often certain features (like workflows) are triggered in your account.
We engage third party providers to collect usage data. For more information about how we protect your information with these service providers, please see the "How We Share Personal Data" section.
1.3.2 Mobile. When you access or use the Subscription Service via our mobile applications, we automatically collect information such as your device model and version, operating system, or device identifiers.
1.3.3 Log Files. Like most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, we automatically collect and store information about your computer hardware and software when you visit our websites, use our product and services, or visit other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), and the files viewed on our websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), the files viewed on our, or our customer’s websites (if those websites are hosted on HubSpot e.g. HTML pages or, graphics etc.), your operating system, access times and referring website addresses.
When you use the Subscription Service, we collect and store the categories of information listed above in logs in the following instances, subject to the customer’s implementation settings:
(i) when a HubSpot User logs into their account and accesses tools in the HubSpot Platform;
(ii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the website is hosted by our product and services; or
(iii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the customer’s website is self-hosted, if the customer uses our plug-ins, and the customer uses HubSpot scripts and content (such as embedded forms).; or
(iv) third-party features and content from other companies.
Our websites may include features and widgets (such as the share and/or "like" button or interactive mini-programs) that run on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites.
1.3.4 Third Party Integrations
You may connect third party integrations to your HubSpot account, which may ask for certain permissions to access data or send information to your HubSpot account. It is your responsibility to review any third party integrations you authorize. We may collect information about what types of integrations you use in your HubSpot account.
Any permission(s) granted by you, grants these third parties access to your data, which may include (but is not limited to) granting third party applications access to view, store, and modify your HubSpot account data.  We are not responsible for the practices of third party integrations, so please carefully review the permissions you grant to third party applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: For more information on integrations with third party providers, please see the
"Connect apps to HubSpot"
knowledge base article.
1.4 Information We Collect From Other Sources.
1.4.1 HubSpot Partners. We may receive information about you, or Users of your HubSpot Account (if applicable), from our global network of partners. We may receive this data through a number of ways, including through our deal and lead registration processes.
We may also collect information about you through our partner co-marketing partnerships. For example, you may sign up to a webinar or download a white paper published by HubSpot and a HubSpot co-marketing partner. You can read more information about our co-marketing program at https://www.hubspot.com/co-marketing-request-form. For more information about how we share data with our partners, review the "Partners" subsection of the "How We Share Personal Data" provision of this privacy policy.
1.4.2 Third Parties. We may receive information from third party service providers, from related companies, and from our business and solution partners.
1.4.3 Personal Data from Different Sources. We may collect Personal Data about you from other sources, such as third party providers and publicly available sources (like social media platforms). This may include physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, IP addresses, and social media profiles. This helps us to update and improve our products, services, and records, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising, suggest products and services that may interest you, deliver personalized communications, and promote events.
1.4.4 Other HubSpot Companies and Affiliates. We may receive information about you from other companies that are owned or operated by HubSpot.
1.5 Information We Collect and Process in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. HubSpot collects business contact and similar professional data from various sources, including publicly available sources, third party providers, and customers who use our enrichment products. This information powers our commercial dataset. We provide information from our commercial dataset to customers who choose to use enrichment products within the Subscription Services as part of their sales, marketing, and other business activities.
If you’d like to remove your Personal Data from our commercial dataset, complete and submit
this form
. For more information about how to exercise your privacy rights and choices, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section for more information.
1.6 Information We Collect and Process via the HubSpot Tracking Code. Our Customers may install the HubSpot Tracking Code on their website to collect information about website visitors. HubSpot uses information collected by the tracking code, such as IP addresses and online identifiers, to improve our products and services, including our commercial dataset. We store information about website visitors on our servers and process this data for our own purposes as a controller.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the
"Install the HubSpot tracking code"
knowledge base article to learn more about data sharing with HubSpot.
2
. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
2.1 To Communicate with You About the Product and Services. We use the account information you provide to HubSpot when signing up for our products and services, to send you transactional emails or in-app notification about billing, account management, and other administrative matters.
We also use your information to recommend new products and services and to provide customer support, such as resolving technical issues you encounter and analyzing product outages or bugs.
If you use the HubSpot mobile applications, we may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
2.2 To Provide the Subscription Service. We use your account information and Customer Data to provide the product and services to you. For example, we use the email address you provide when signing up for the product to create your user account, and we use your payment information to process payments for paid use of the Subscription Service. We also use this information to authenticate you when you log in and to provide customer support.
2.3 To Improve and Develop Our Product and Services. We use professional data, log files, and usage data about how you or your users interact with our product and services to develop and improve our products and services. For example, we use usage data to assess trends and usage across the product to help us determine what new features or integrations our users may be interested in.
We may use Customer Data to support and develop AI features and functionality within the Subscription Service and similar products and services that rely on machine learning. You may opt out of having your Customer Data used to train HubSpot models by emailing
privacy@hubspot.com
.
We may publish data about how our product and services are being used across our customer base. When we share statistical information externally in this way, the data will be aggregated and we will not identify individual users or customers. For example, we may publish blog posts on trends or insights into how users are interacting with our product.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the "
Opt out of HubSpot's machine learning data use"
knowledge base article to learn more about how your Customer Data is being used to train HubSpot models.
2.4 To Secure and Protect our Product and HubSpot Users. We use your account information to investigate and help prevent security incidents. We may also use this information to meet legal requirements. We use your information to verify user accounts, new product sign-ups, and to detect and prevent product abuse. This includes enforcing our
Acceptable Use Policy
.
We use log files to provide general statistics regarding use of the websites by you, including how you use our websites, what country you are logging in from (for analytics, export control and regulatory purposes) and to help improve the navigation experience. Your IP addresses are also collected and logged for security and debugging purposes, for example to track access patterns, investigate security events and incidents. For these purposes we associate automatically-collected data to other personal data provided by you such as name, email address, address, and phone number.
2.5 To Market and Promote the Subscription Service. We use Personal Data to advertise, market, and promote our products, services, and other offerings. For example, we use information like your email or physical address to send information or HubSpot content to you we think may be of interest to you, including by post, email, or other means.  We may also send you marketing communications relating to our business.
You may opt out of receiving this promotional content by following the instructions contained in each communication that we send to you. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, we will continue to contact you regarding administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
We may reach out to you via telephone to ask about other HubSpot products or services you may be interested in. If you have a call scheduled with a HubSpot representative, we may record and transcribe the call. You will be notified prior to the call that the call is being recorded, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt-out of having the call recorded.  We may also reach out to you via SMS, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt out of those communications.
Where required by law, we will only send marketing communications with your consent. Otherwise, we will market and advertise our products and services on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
We may use information collected from third party service providers and other sources in combination with other information we collect through other means described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes of providing you with updates and improved services, personalized communications, event promotion, and to otherwise improve the user experience.
2.6 Other Purposes if We Obtain Your Consent. We may use your data for other purposes when you give us consent to do so.
2.7 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (EEA and UK visitors only). If you are a website visitor located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or United Kingdom ("UK"), HubSpot Ireland Limited is the data controller of your Personal Data. HubSpot's Data Protection Officer can be contacted
here
.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
3
. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA
3.1 Service Providers.
We may share Personal Data with our third party service providers to support our websites, products, and services. For example, we use service providers for data hosting, application development, marketing, sales support and customer support. We may need to share your information with service providers to provide information about products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis on your use of the Subscription Service or interactions on our websites, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, developing and improving the product and services, and providing customer service or support. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. In all cases where we share your information in this way, we explicitly require the third party service providers to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and data protection policies and standards.
3.2 Partners. We may share your personal data with trusted HubSpot partners to: (i) contact you based on your communication preferences; (ii) help us perform statistical analysis; (iii) provide sales support; (iv) provide customer support; and (v) to improve our partner programs and Subscriptions Services. Partners are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your data.
We also partner with trusted third parties to provide you with co-marketing content that we think may be relevant to you. When you engage with these co-marketing partners, we will tell you who we are sharing data with, and provide a link to the co-marketing partner’s privacy policy so you can learn more about their privacy practices and how to opt-out of the partner’s communications. You will always have a choice as to whether to disclose your Personal Information to our co-marketing partners. These co-marketing partners are required to adhere to our privacy and data protection policies. For more information on our co-marketing program, see
this page
.
3.3 Advertising Partners. We allow advertising networks to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads. We may also share Personal Data, such as your email address, with our advertising partners to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads on other companies' sites or mobile apps.  You can opt out of having your data disclosed to our advertising partners through this
form
.
3.4 Corporate Events. If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by HubSpot on the websites and the Subscription Service. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
3.5 Public Forums. Our websites may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums (e.g., HubSpot Community, Connect.com, etc.). Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums (including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information) it may be read, collected and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you may disclose in this way. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the websites if you so request, as described in the"Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section of this Privacy Notice. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information; we will let you know if we are unable to and why, if permitted.
3.6 Compelled Disclosure. We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Data if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. If you use the Subscription Service, Customer Data is considered Confidential Information and you should review the Confidentiality terms in the
Customer Terms of Service
for more information. HubSpot shares data about requests for customer information, to learn more see our
Data Disclosure and Transparency Report
.
3.7 HubSpot, Other Companies, and Affiliates. We may share your Personal Data with our current and future parents, Affiliates, subsidiaries, and other entities under common control and ownership to the extent necessary to fulfill your request or for other purposes permitted under this Privacy Policy.
3.8 HubSpot Customers in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. We may share Personal Data about individuals in our commercial dataset with our customers that use our enrichment products. Customers may use this information for their sales and marketing activities. We rely on our legitimate interests, as well as those of our customers, to collect and share data for the purposes listed. HubSpot’s and our customers’ legitimate interests are not more important than your privacy rights, and we process your data on the basis that people would expect their work-related data to be shared in this way. See the “Information We Collect and Process In Connection With Our Enrichment Products” section for more information.
4
. HOW WE TRANSFER PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONALLY
4.1 International Transfers within the HubSpot Group. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer information that may include Personal Data to other HubSpot Affiliates who act as subprocessors, where we have operations for the purposes described in this policy. Please see
Annex 3 of our Customer Data Processing Agreement
for a list of impacted HubSpot Affiliates and their locations.
This Privacy Policy will apply even if we transfer Personal Data to other countries. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected wherever it is transferred. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland or the United Kingdom ("UK") within and among HubSpot’s Affiliates, we rely upon the the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the European Commission and Swiss authorities) and UK Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the UK authorities) where required.  We also have additional safeguards where appropriate (such as commercial industry standard secure encryption methods to protect customer data at rest and in transit, TLS for HubSpot hosted sites, web application firewall protection, and other appropriate contractual and organizational measures), as described more in detail in the
HubSpot Trust Center
.
4.2 International Transfers to Third Parties. Some of the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK with third parties, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer including the European Commission-approved Data Privacy Framework Standard Contractual Clauses, as well as additional safeguards where appropriate. For transfers to or from the United Kingdom, we make use of the UK Addendum. For transfers to or from Canada, we make use of the standard contractual clauses. With respect to personal data received from or transferred to Canada, HubSpot is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Please contact us if you need more information about the legal mechanisms we rely on to transfer personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland, Canada, and UK.
4.3 Data Privacy Framework Notice. HubSpot complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively “the Data Privacy Framework”).
HubSpot has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union, and the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are located in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the Personal Data that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where Personal Data we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party or used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via the details provided below.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, HubSpot commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the DPF Principles should first contact HubSpot at
privacy@hubspot.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF Principles-related complaints within 45 days.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, HubSpot commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe Dispute Resolution, are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over HubSpot’s compliance with the DPF Principles. HubSpot is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
In the context of an onward transfer, HubSpot is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. HubSpot will remain liable under the DPF Principles if our agent processes your Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless HubSpot is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Please note that under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
5. HOW WE STORE AND SECURE PERSONAL DATA
5.1 Data Storage and Security. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Data you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Data is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures. For more on Security at HubSpot, please see
https://trust.hubspot.com/
.
5.2 Retention of Personal Data. How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information and how we collect and store it. After a reasonable period of time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Data that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information at an earlier date if you so request, as described in the "Privacy Rights and Choices" section.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your HubSpot account.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
The data we process on behalf of customers connection with the Subscription Service is stored and secured according to the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
and Customer
Data Processing Agreement
.
6. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
6.1 Cookies. When you visit our websites, sign up for a HubSpot account, attend a HubSpot virtual event, or request more information about HubSpot, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies and tracking pixels. For more information, and to learn how to opt out, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
HubSpot may use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate around the websites, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see the
HubSpot Cookie Policy
as updated by us from time-to-time, without additional notice.
6.2 Advertising. We partner with third party ad networks to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info/
(or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising you will continue to receive generic ads.
7. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
7.1 Personal Data Requests. Depending on your location and applicable laws, you may have the following data protection rights:
(i) Access, Correction or Deletion. You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your Personal Data.
(ii) Objection or Restriction. You can object to our processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data.
(iii) Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
To exercise any of these rights:
(i) for HubSpot, including our websites and product or services, please use
this form
;
(ii) for the Hustle, please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the sharing of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
For all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle), you may also write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Please note that to protect Personal Data, we may verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your data within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. In some instances, your rights may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. Depending on your location, and applicable laws, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available on the European Data Protection Board member page
here
.
If you are a customer, prospect, or otherwise interact with a HubSpot customer that uses our Subscription Service and would like to access, correct, amend or delete your data controlled by the customer, please contact the relevant customer directly. HubSpot acts as a processor for our customers in most cases and will work with our customers to fulfill these requests when applicable.
7.2 Anti-Spam Policy. Our
Acceptable Use Policy
applies to us and to our customers and, among other things, prohibits use of the Subscription Service to send unsolicited commercial email in violation of applicable laws, and requires the inclusion in every email sent using the Subscription Service of an "opt-out" mechanism and other required information. We require all of our customers to agree to adhere to the Acceptable Use Policy at all times, and any violations of the Acceptable Use Policy by a customer can result in immediate suspension or termination of the Subscription Service.
7.3 To Unsubscribe From Our Communications. You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications through the following methods:
(i) by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails;
(ii) updating your communication preferences;
(iii) for HubSpot, by contacting us on the
HubSpot Privacy Request Form
;
(iv) for the Hustle by contacting us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(v) for all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle) write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their HubSpot Account or the Subscription Service.
7.4 To Unsubscribe From Our Customers' Communications. Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. Individuals who interact with a HubSpot customer can unsubscribe from our customers' marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly.
8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1 Applicability. This section applies only to California consumers. For purposes of this section "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). It describes how we collect, use, and share California consumers' Personal Information in our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents.
If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format that you can access.
8.2 How We Collect, Use, and Disclose Your Personal Information. We have collected the following statutory categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months:
(i) Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. We collect this information directly from you or from third party sources.
(ii) Commercial information, such as subscription records. We collect this information directly from you.
(iii) Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history. We collect this information directly from your device.
(iv) Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device.
(v) Financial information, such as Payment Information or financial account numbers in the process of providing you with a subscription. We collect this information from you.
(vi) Professional data, such as your job title and company.
(vii) Other Personal Data, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the context of receiving help through our help desks or other support channels; participation in customer surveys or contests; or in providing the Subscription Service.
(viii) Inferences drawn from any of the above categories, alone or in combination.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this information are described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we "disclose" this information for a business purpose are described in the “How We Share Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy. The period of time for which we retain this information is described in the “How We Store and Secure Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy.
In the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” or “shared” (as defined under the CCPA) certain information, including identifiers, to our advertising partners. We have also “sold” or “shared” certain information, including identifiers, approximate location data, and professional data to our customers.
8.3 Your California Rights. You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:
(i) The right of access means that you have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Data we have collected and maintained about you in the past 12 months.
(ii) The right of deletion means that you have the right to request that we delete Personal Data collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.
(iii) The right of correction means that you have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you.
(iv) The right to request information concerning the categories of Personal Data (if any) that we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes.
(v) The right to limit the use of sensitive personal information means that you have the right to direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information for limited purposes. We only collect sensitive personal information (such as your payment information), as defined by applicable laws for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
(vi) The right to appeal means that you can appeal any decision by us to deny your privacy rights under applicable laws.
(vii) The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy rights.
We respond to all appeal requests as soon as we reasonably can, and no later than legally required.
8.4 How to Exercise Your California Rights. You can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please note that to protect your Personal Data, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name and your email address. We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's identity to protect your Personal Data. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized to act on your behalf.
We will respond within the time frame permitted by applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee for multiple requests in the same 12-month period, as permitted by law.
Please use the contact details below, or see the  "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section above, if you would like to:
(i) Access this policy in an alternative format;
(ii) Exercise any of your rights described above;
(iii) Learn more about your rights or our privacy practices; or
(iv) Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
8.5 Right to Opt Out of "Sale" or "Sharing". HubSpot collects data from publicly available sources or other third-party sources and discloses that information to our customers who purchase our enrichment products. This may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under certain state privacy laws, such as the CCPA. Please see the "Information We Collect and Process in connection with our enrichment products” section for more information.
We may also "share" your Personal Data, as defined under the CCPA , with third party advertising partners to deliver personalized ads on HubSpot's behalf on other companies' sites or mobile apps. Please see the  "Advertising Partners" section for more information.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the "sharing" of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
You can also control the personalized advertising you see by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info
/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising and you will continue to receive generic ads.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” Personal Data of children under 16 years of age.
9. OTHER IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
9.1 Information About Children. HubSpot's websites, products, and services are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data about a child under 16, please contact us
here
, so that we may delete the information.
9.1.1 Children's Information In the Subscription Service. Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to collect children's information, which may be included in Customer Data, under our
Customer Terms of Service
. For more information about how we process data on behalf of our customers as a processor, review the 'Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service’ subsection of this privacy policy.
9.2 Third Party Dispute Resolution. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
10. GOOGLE PRODUCTS AND INTEGRATIONS
10.1 Google reCAPTCHA. We have implemented Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise on certain products and services to prevent malicious software from engaging in abusive activities on our websites. You can learn more about data collected by Google and what this data is used for in
Google's Privacy Policy
. Additional information on Google services and products is available in
Google's Terms of Service
.
10.2 Gmail Integration. If you use the Gmail integration or choose to integrate any other Google Workspace application with HubSpot, you will be asked to give us access to information from your Gmail or Google account.
By using the Gmail integration with the Subscription Service you will grant the Subscription Service access to information associated with your account, including contacts, emails, calendar, distribution lists, subject lines, and URLs of tracked links from your email, if you use the email tracking functionality. In addition, the Subscription Service will be able to read, modify, create, and send emails from your connected Gmail account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your emails to identify which emails you have elected to track in order to provide you with the notifications feature. The Subscription Service will store replies, outgoing mail, email headers, subject line, distribution lists, aliases, time sent, and email bodies. Your email may contain sensitive, private, or highly confidential information, such as names of your contacts, your private communications, or financial or medical information. You understand that the correspondences you track will be visible to other users on your Subscription team. Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
If you connect your Gmail account via IMAP (or Generic Inbox Connection), the Subscription Service will have access only to email address, password, server information, email metadata, and message bodies. Additionally, connecting your Gmail account via IMAP does not require you to connect any other Google Workspace applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access this data in the "
Connect your personal email
" knowledge base article.
10.3 Additional Limits on Use of Your Google User Data. HubSpot's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
10.4 Google Calendar Integration. The Subscription Service will have access to both your Google Calendar and any other calendar you access via Google in order to power our Meetings tool, and allow you to associate events with contacts in your HubSpot account. The Subscription Service will have the ability to: create or change your calendars, and update individual calendar events.
10.5 Google Drive Integration. As part of connecting your Google Drive, the Subscription Service will be able to: see your files, upload and download your files, and store file contents and titles. The Subscription Service uses these permissions to power the features of our Composer and Collect tools, allowing you to create drafts of blog posts in Drive and then upload directly for publishing.
10.6 Google Search Console. You can integrate your Google Search Console with our Content Management System (CMS) and our Marketing Hub product. As part of this integration, the Subscription Service will be able to view, manage and store properties which include the list of sites and domains you control in HubSpot and the Search Console data for your connected properties.
10.7 Chrome Extensions.
10.7.1 Sales Extension. You can install the HubSpot Sales Chrome Extension to track Gmail and Google Workspace emails through your Chrome browser. Once installed, the Extension can read and change all your data on the websites you visit and display notifications. It logs all emails from Gmail and can be used in conjunction with the Inbox Integration.
10.7.2 Collect Extension. The Collect Extension integrates with your Google Drive, allowing you to upload files and text directly from your Chrome Browser into your drive. These files will then be available for your use through the Google Drive integration.
10.7.3 Social Extension. The HubSpot Social Chrome Extension allows sharing of pages, text, and images from around the web with the HubSpot Social Composer tool. You are able to draft or schedule posts, assign campaigns, and then see posts on the Social Calendar tool or in Social Reports once published.
HubSpot Terms Tip: The Social Extension only accesses information about the current page, after its toolbar button is clicked, utilizing the permissions granted at this ''
Install and use the HubSpot Social Chrome extension
" knowledge base article.
10.8 YouTube Integration. If you are a HubSpot Customer and choose to use the YouTube integration with your HubSpot Subscription Services, you will be asked to give us access to information from your YouTube account and have the option to link your accounts.
By using the YouTube integration with the Subscription Service you grant the HubSpot Subscription Service access to information associated with your YouTube account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your YouTube account to identify content you have elected to track in order to provide you with features in the Subscription Services. The Subscription Service will store information from your YouTube account. You understand that the information from your YouTube Account you track in the Subscription Services may be visible to other Users within your HubSpot Account.
Your use of HubSpot’s YouTube integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service available at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
and the Google Privacy Policy available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
In addition to the typical data deletion functionality supported in the Subscription Services, Customers may have the option to revoke the YouTube integration from your HubSpot account, in the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access information or remove access to your Google account by following the steps in the "
Remove access to HubSpot in your Google account
" knowledge base article.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in a different format:
(i) for HubSpot contact us on our
Privacy Request Form
;
(ii) for the Hustle please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(iii) You may also contact us by postal mail for all HubSpot brands at:
Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer
HubSpot, Inc.
Two Canal Park
Cambridge, MA 02141 USA
Sub-policy 5
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/:
Solutions
By topic
By need
By industry
Public interest
Global services
Connectivity cloud
Contact sales
Products
Our products
For your employees
For apps and infrastructure
For developers
Register domain name
Get 1.1.1.1
Need help choosing?
Latest product news
Contact sales
Pricing
Our plans & pricing
Enterprise plan
Compare all plans
Need help choosing?
View FAQs
Contact sales
Resources
Library
Documentation
Getting Started
Application Security
Application Services
Zero Trust Services
Developer Platform
Network Services
Insights
API
AI
Learning
Trust & compliance
Trends & insights
Blog
Cloudflare TV
Community forum
Get help
Contact sales
Partners
Partner network
Peering portal
Partner Network
Why Cloudflare
Why choose Cloudflare
Learn about Cloudflare
Comparisons
Why trust Cloudflare
Contact sales
Sign up
Sign up
Under attack?
Under attack?
Log in
Log in
Support
Community Support
Help Center
Contact Cloudflare
Lost account access?
Log in
Log in
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policy application
Information we collect
How we use information we collect
Data aggregation
Information sharing
Notice to UK and EU residents
International information transfers
Data subject rights and choices
Communication preferences
Data security, data integrity and access
Data retention
Notification of changes
Business transactions
English language controls
Dispute resolution
Notice to California residents
Contact information
Legal questions
Have Questions?
If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us:
+1 (650) 319-8930
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St,
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 28, 2024.
We have updated our July 18, 2024 Privacy Policy to update the contact email of our Data Protection Officer.
This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information.
CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent.
1. POLICY APPLICATION
This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects:
Attendees
: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Website Visitors
: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to
www.cloudflare.com
as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar.
Customers
: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing.
Administrative Users
: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.
Public DNS Resolver Users
: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
End Users
: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.
Registrants:
Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an
ICANN
-accredited registrar and complies with the
2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement
(“RAA”).
This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the
1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy
for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services.
This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact.
Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.
When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.).
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects)
Attendees
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Image and voice
: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study.
Website Visitors
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Log files
: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Your Privacy Choices” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click
here
). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Material contributed in Interactive Areas
: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below.
Customers and Administrative Users
Customer Account Information
: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).
Payment information
: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
Crash Reports
: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.
Public DNS Resolver Users
Limited DNS query data
: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described
here
.
End Users
Cloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks.
The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.
Registrants
Contact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer).
Network Data.
Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;
Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes:
Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;
To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and
Public DNS Resolver Users
. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Information from Third Party Services
. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.
4. DATA AGGREGATION
Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances:
Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);
With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;
With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests
here
);
Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or
As you may otherwise consent from time to time.
Additional Information on Sharing
Public DNS Resolver Users.
Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
Registrants.
If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement
here
.
Marketing & Advertising Partners.
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.  You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the cloudflare.com homepage.
In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes.
California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below
6. NOTICE TO EU, UK, AND SWISS RESIDENTS
“Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. We describe the safeguards we implement
here
. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.
Self-certification to the Data Privacy Framework
Cloudflare complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cloudflare has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Cloudflare has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In compliance with the DPFs, Cloudflare commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPFs to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe, LLC are provided at no cost to you. You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms set out in this DPF Notice or our Privacy Notice.  For more information, please see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, available
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Cloudflare shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Cloudflare  recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com.
Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law.
For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the Swiss-U.S. or EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S. states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.
9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com.
10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
11. DATA RETENTION
We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention:
The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;
The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;
Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means
Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations.
When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes.
13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS
Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA
We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees);
Payment and customer records information of our Customers;
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any  content transmitted across or stored on our network;
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories);
Professional or employment information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences).
The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge
. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction
. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing
. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “
Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below
.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre
595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314
Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare, Ltd.
County Hall/The Riverside Building
Belvedere Road
London, SE1 7PB
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 29
1200-369 Lisboa
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Germany GmbH
Rosental 7
80331 München
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare France SAS
6 place de la Madeleine
75008 Paris
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.
Keizersgracht 62,
1015CS Amsterdam
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.
182 Cecil Street, #35-01
Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.
333 George St., 5th Floor
Sydney, NSW 2000
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
16 South Guangshun Street
Donghuang Building 17th Floor
Chaoyang District Beijing 100015
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Japan K.K.
Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F
1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, 100-0005
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC
DIC 1 Internet City Road
Building 1, Ground Floor, Office 17
Jumeirah
Dubai UAE
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare India Private Limited
No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond Town
Banglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025
Attention: Grievance Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Area 1 Security, LLC
838 Walker Road Suite 21-2,
Dover, DE, 19904
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Korea LLC
8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507
Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.
Bosque de Ciruelos No. 180 int. PP 101, Col. Bosque de las Lomas, Miguel Hidalgo
Ciudad de México, 11700, México
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Level 21, Suite 21.01, The Gardens South Tower,
Mid Valley City,
Lingkaran Syed Putra,
Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
59200
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Domain name search
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars
White Papers
Developer docs
Architecture Center
theNET
Blog
Find an expert
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Trust-hub
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Impact/ESG
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner
Sub-policy 6
https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/:
Legal
Terms and Conditions of Use
Intellectual Property Policy
Privacy Policy
User Guidelines
Paid Subscription Terms
Spotify Privacy Policy
Effective as of 31 December 2024
1. About this Policy
2. Your personal data rights and controls
3. Personal data we collect about you
4. Our purpose for using your personal data
5. Disclosing your personal data
6. Data retention
7. Transfer to other countries
8. Keeping your personal data safe
9. Children
10. Privacy Request Metrics
11. Changes to this Policy
12. How to contact us
1. About this Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how we at Spotify USA Inc. process personal data of U.S. residents. From now on, we’ll call it the ‘Policy’.
It applies to your use of:
all Spotify streaming services as a user. For example this includes:
your use of Spotify on any device
the personalization of your user experience. Watch
our personalization explainer video
to learn more about this.
the infrastructure required to provide our services
connection of your Spotify account with another application
both our free or paid streaming options (each a ‘
Service Option
’)
other Spotify services which include a link to this Policy. These include Spotify websites, Customer Service and the Community Site
From now on, we’ll collectively call these the ‘
Spotify Service
’.
From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. They’ll also be subject to this Policy, unless stated otherwise when we introduce them. Our
California Notice at Collection
as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act applies to residents of California. If you are a resident of California, you should read this notice together with this Policy.
This Policy is
not
...
the Spotify
Terms of Use
, which is a separate document. The Terms of Use outline the legal contract between you and Spotify for using the Spotify Service. It also describes the rules of Spotify and your user rights
about your use of other Spotify services which have their own privacy policy, such as Megaphone.
Other resources and settings
Key information about your personal data is right here in this Policy. However, you might want to take a look at our other privacy resources and controls:
Safety & Privacy Center
: A user-friendly hub with summaries of key topics and helpful videos. It includes the ‘Your Privacy Controls’ video which shows you how to exercise your user rights and make choices about the way we process your data. See
Section 2 ‘Your personal data rights and controls’
for more on user rights.
Account Privacy
: Control the processing of certain personal data, including
tailored advertising
.
Notification Settings
Set which marketing communications you get from Spotify.
Settings (found in the Desktop and Mobile versions of Spotify): Control certain aspects of the Spotify Service such as ‘Social’ or ‘Explicit Content’. On the ‘Social’ setting, you can:
start a Private session
choose whether to share what you listen to on Spotify with your followers
choose whether to show your recently played artists on your public profile
On the ‘Explicit Content’ setting you can control whether explicit-rated content can be played on your Spotify account.
Cookies Policy
: Information on how we use cookies and how to manage your cookie preferences. Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website.
2. Your personal data rights and controls
Certain U.S. states have adopted privacy laws that give certain rights to individuals over their personal data. We provide these rights to all residents of the U.S., regardless of where they live.
The table below explains:
your rights
how to exercise them
You can also watch our video about
Your Privacy Controls
. You will not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising any of your privacy rights.
It’s your right to...
How?
Be informed
Be informed of the personal data we process about you and how we process it.
We inform you:
through this Policy
through information provided to you as you use the Spotify Service
by answering your specific questions and requests when you
contact us
Know/
Access
Request to know and access the personal data we process about you.
To request a copy of your personal data from Spotify, either:
use the ‘Download your data’ tool on your
Account Privacy
page, or
contact us
When you download your data you will receive the information about your data that Spotify has to provide under applicable laws. If you would like more information about how we process your personal data, you can
contact us
.
Correction
Request that we amend or update your personal data where it’s inaccurate.
You can edit your User Data under ‘Edit profile’ in your account or by
contacting us
.
Deletion
Request that we delete certain of your personal data.
Please note there are situations where Spotify is unable to delete your data, for example when:
it’s still necessary to process the data for the purpose we collected it for
we have an overriding interest in continuing to process the data, for example where we need the data to protect our services from fraud
Spotify has a legal obligation to keep the data, or
Spotify needs the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. For example, if there’s an unresolved issue relating to your account
There are several ways you can delete personal data from Spotify:
to remove audio content you have saved, select the relevant content and choose to remove it. For example you can remove a track from your playlist or remove an artist you’ve saved to your Library
to request deletion of your account data from Spotify and close your account, follow the steps on our
support page
. This data includes your User Data, Usage Data and other data listed in
Section 3 ‘Personal data we collect about you
’
for any other deletion requests, you can
contact us
or reach out to customer support via our
chat bot
Opt-out of tailored advertising
Request to opt out of the processing of your personal data for tailored advertising.
For more information about our processing for these purposes, see the section ‘Tailored advertising controls’ below.
You can exercise your right to opt out on your
Account Privacy
page under ‘Tailored Ads’.
If you do not have an account or are not logged in, you can also opt-out by clicking the
'Your Privacy Choices'
link at the footer of our website.
Data portability
Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service.
For information about how to exercise the right to portability, see ‘Know/Access’ above.
Not be subject to automated decision making
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
Spotify does not carry out this type of automated decision making in the Spotify Service.
Withdrawal of consent
Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data.
You can do this if Spotify is processing your personal data solely based on your consent.
To withdraw your consent, you can:
• adjust the relevant control on Spotify
•
contact us
Verifying requests, generally
To verify a request to know, request to delete, and request to correct, we ask you to provide certain details related to your Spotify account. Please note, if you do not have a Spotify account we will not have enough information about you to verify your identity and respond to your requests, as we do not keep sufficient information necessary to re-identify and link you to a prior visit to the Spotify Service where data may have been collected. As such, we will be unable to verify and honor your requests.
Household requests
If all the members of a household make an access, correction or deletion request, we will respond as if the requests are individual requests.
Requests made through agents
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney (in accordance with local law), an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Appeals process
If your request is denied you may have the right to appeal the denial in accordance with the instructions provided to you when the denial was made.
Tailored advertising controls
What is tailored advertising?
This is when we use information about your use of our services and other websites and mobile apps to tailor ads to be more relevant to you. This is also known as interest based advertising, targeted advertising, or ‘sharing’ for purposes of cross-context behavioural advertising.
An example of tailored advertising is when an advertising partner provides us with information indicating that you may be interested in cars. This could enable us to show you ads about cars.
How to control tailored advertising:
You can control tailored advertising on your
Account Privacy
page under ‘Tailored Ads’.
If you do not have an account or are not logged in, you can also opt-out by clicking the
'Your Privacy Choices'
link at the footer of our website.
You can also control tailored advertising for some podcasts using the link in the episode’s show description. This applies where the content provider inserts advertising into the podcast to fund it. The hosting provider, which might not be Spotify, manages these controls for the podcast.
You can also visit our services via a browser with a recognized opt-out preference signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC). If you use a preference signal you may need to renew your preferences if you visit the Spotify Service with another device or browser, or if you clear your cookies.
If you are ‘opted out’ of tailored advertising on your
Account Privacy
page, you will receive less relevant advertising, including on our free Service Option, as well as our paid Service Option, as applicable (for example, advertising in podcasts). This type of advertising is based on your registration information and what you are currently listening to on our services. For example, if you are listening to a cooking podcast, you may hear an ad for a food processor.
Appropriate age for tailored advertising:
Younger users may have tailored advertising turned off by default. When you reach the appropriate age, you will start to receive tailored advertising . When this happens, you will receive a message within the Spotify Service to let you know. This message will contain a link to the
Account Privacy
page where you can change your preferences or ‘opt-out’ of tailored advertising at any time under Tailored Ads.
3. Personal data we collect about you
These tables set out the categories of personal data we collect from you. You can also watch our video about
Personal Data at Spotify
.
Collected when you sign up for the Spotify Service
or when you update your account
Categories
Description
User Data
Personal data that we need to create your Spotify account and that enables you to use the Spotify Service.
The type of data collected and used depends on the type of Service Option you have. It also depends on how you create your account, the country you are in, and if you use third party services to sign in. This may include your:
profile name
email address
password
phone number
date of birth
gender
street address (see further details below)
country
university/college (for Spotify Premium Student)
We receive some of this data from you e.g. from the sign up form or account page.
We also collect some of this data from your device e.g. country or region. For more information about how we collect and use this data, see ‘Your general (non-precise) location’ in the Usage Data category.
Street Address Data
We may ask for and process your street address for the following reasons:
to check eligibility for a Service Option
to deliver notices which are required by law
to deliver support options
for billing and tax administration
to deliver physical goods or gifts which you have requested
In some cases, we may use a third party application to help you verify your address, such as Google Maps.
Collected through your use of the Spotify Service
Categories
Description
Usage Data
Personal data collected and processed about you when you’re accessing or using the Spotify Service.
There are a few types of information this includes, listed in the following sections.
Information about how you use Spotify
Examples include:
information about your Spotify Service Option
your actions with the Spotify Service (including date and time), such as:
search queries
streaming history
playlists you create
your library
browsing history
account settings
interactions with other Spotify users
your use of third party services, devices and applications in connection with the Spotify Service
inferences (i.e., our understanding) of your interests and preferences based on your usage of the Spotify Service
content you provide when participating in Spotify promotions, such as contests or sweepstakes
content you post to any part of the Spotify Service. For example: images, audio, text, titles, descriptions, communications, and other types of content
Your technical data
Examples include:
URL information
online identifiers such as
cookie data
and IP addresses
information about the devices you use such as:
device IDs
network connection type (e.g. wifi, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth)
provider
network and device performance
browser type
language
information enabling digital rights management
operating system
Spotify application version
information which enables us to discover and connect with third party devices and applications. Examples of this information are the device name, device identifiers, brand and version. Examples of third party devices and applications are:
devices on your wifi network (such as speakers) which can connect to the Spotify Service
devices your operating system makes available when connecting via Bluetooth, plugin, and installation
Spotify partner applications to determine whether the application is installed on your device
Your general (non-precise) location
Your general location includes country, region or state. We may learn this from technical data (e.g. your IP address, language setting of your device) or payment currency.
We need this to:
meet geographic requirements in our agreements with the owners of content on the Spotify Service
deliver content and advertising that’s relevant to you
Your device sensor data
Motion-generated or orientation-generated device sensor data if needed to provide features of the Spotify Service that require this data. This is data which your device collects about the way you move or hold your device.
Additional data you may choose to give us
Categories
Description
Payment and Purchase Data
If you make any purchases from Spotify or sign up for a paid Service Option or a trial, we will need to process your payment data.
The exact personal data collected and used will vary depending on the payment method. It will include information such as:
name
date of birth
payment method type (e.g. credit or debit card)
if using a debit or credit card, the card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card numberNote: For security, we never store your full card number
ZIP/postal code
mobile phone number
details of your purchase and payment history
Survey and Research Data
When you respond to a survey or take part in user research, we collect and use the personal data you provide as described in the survey or research.
We receive some of the data mentioned above from third parties. The below table describes the categories of those third parties.
Third party sources that we receive your data from
Categories of third parties
Description
Data categories
Authentication partners
If you register for or log into the Spotify Service using another service, that service will send your information to us. This information helps create your account with us.
User Data
Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account
If you connect your Spotify account to a third party application, service or device, we may collect and use information from them. This collection is to make the integration possible.
These third party apps, services or devices may include:
social media
devices including:
audio (e.g. speakers and headphones)
smart watches
televisions
mobile phones and tablets
automotive (e.g. cars)
games consoles
services or platforms such as voice assistants or content platforms
We’ll ask your permission before we collect your information from certain third parties.
User Data
Usage Data
Technical service partners
We work with technical service partners that give us certain data. This includes mapping IP addresses to non-precise location data (e.g., country or region, city, state).
This makes it possible for Spotify to provide the Spotify Service, content, and features.
We also work with security service providers who help us protect user accounts.
User Data
Usage Data
Payment partners and Merchants
If you choose to pay through third parties (e.g. telco carriers) or by invoice, we may get data from our payment partners.
This allows us to:
send you invoices
process your payment
give you what you’ve purchased
If we direct you to a merchant, we receive data from the merchant that is related to your purchase. For example, we might direct you to an artist’s merchandise store on a third party platform or to a third party ticketing website.
Receiving this data allows us to:
calculate any commissions owed to us
analyze the effectiveness of our partnership with these merchant partners
understand your interests
Payment and Purchase Data
Advertising and marketing partners
We receive inferences from certain advertising or marketing partners. These inferences are the partners’ understanding of your interests and preferences.
This allows us to deliver more relevant ads and marketing.
Usage Data
Acquired companies
We may receive data about you from companies we acquire. This is to enhance our services, products, and offerings.
User Data
Usage Data
If you download the Spotify mobile app and try Spotify using a logged out user experience, we will collect limited information about your usage of the Spotify Service, including Usage Data. We do this to understand how you are accessing and using the Service. We also do this to ensure we provide the right experience for you, for example based on your country or region. If you decide to create a Spotify account to experience our service in full, then we will combine this data with your Spotify account data.
4. Our purpose for using your personal data
The table below sets out:
our purpose for processing your personal data
categories of personal data which we use for each purpose. See more about these categories in
Section 3 ‘Personal data we collect about you’
You can also watch our video about
Personal Data at Spotify
.
Purpose for processing your data
Categories of personal data used for the purpose
To provide the Spotify Service.
For example, when we use your personal data to:
• set up an account for you
• personalize your account
• provide the Spotify app when you download it onto your device,
• enable you to share a link to Spotify content with someone else, or
• provide various optional features of the Spotify Service
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Survey and Research Data
To diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the Spotify Service.
User Data
Usage Data
To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Spotify Service.
For example:
• we use personal data to develop and improve our personalized recommendation algorithms
• we analyze how our users react to a particular new feature and see whether we should make any changes
User Data
Usage Data
Survey and Research Data
For marketing or advertising purposes.
For example:
• when we use your personal data to tailor advertising to your interests, or
• when we send you email marketing
User Data
Usage Data
Survey and Research Data
To comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
This might be:
• an obligation under the law of the country / region you are in
• Swedish law (because of our headquarters in Sweden), or
• EU law that applies to us
For example, when we use your date of birth when required for age verification purposes.
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Survey and Research Data
To comply with a request from law enforcement, courts, or other competent authorities.
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Survey and Research Data
To fulfill contractual obligations with third parties.
For example, when we provide pseudonymized data about our users’ listening because we have an agreement with a Spotify rightsholder to do so.
Pseudonymized data means that your data is identified by a code rather than your name or other directly identifying information.
User Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To take appropriate action with reports of intellectual property infringement and inappropriate content.
User Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
For example, if we are involved in litigation, we need to provide information to our lawyers in relation to that legal case.
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Survey and Research Data
To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting.
For example, when we look at aggregated user data like the number of new sign ups in a country in order to plan new locations to launch our products and features in.
User Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To process your payment.
For example, when we use your personal data to let you purchase a Spotify subscription.
User Data
Payment and Purchase Data
Street Address Data
To keep the Spotify Service secure and to detect and prevent fraud.
For example, when we analyze Usage Data to check for fraudulent use of the Spotify Service.
User Data
Street Address Data
Usage Data
Payment and Purchase Data
To conduct research and surveys.
For example, when we contact our users to ask for your feedback.
User Data
Usage Data
Survey and Research Data
5. Disclosing your personal data
This section sets out who receives personal data which is collected or generated through your use of the Spotify Service.
Publicly available information
The following personal data will always be publicly available on the Spotify Service (except to any user you have blocked):
your profile name
your profile photo
your public playlists
other content you post on the Spotify Service, and any associated titles, descriptions and images
You or another user can share certain information on third party services, like social media or messaging platforms. This includes:
your profile
any content you post on Spotify and details about that content
your playlists and any associated titles, descriptions and images
When this sharing occurs, the third party service may store a copy of it to support their features.
Personal data you may choose to disclose
We will only disclose the following personal data with those outlined in the table below
where you have chosen to use a Spotify Service feature, or a third party application, service or device, and we need to disclose personal data to enable this, or
if you otherwise grant us your permission to disclose the personal data. For example, you can do it by selecting the appropriate setting in the Spotify Service or by giving your consent.
Categories of recipients
Categories of data you can choose to share
Reason for choosing to share
Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account
• User Data
• Usage Data
To connect your Spotify account, or so that you can use the Spotify Service in connection with third party applications, services or devices.
Examples of such third party applications, services and devices include:
• social media applications
• speaker devices
• televisions
• automotive platforms
• voice assistants
You can see and remove many third party connections under ‘
Apps
’ in your account.
Support community
• User Data
To enable you to use the
Spotify Support Community service
.
When you register for an account on the Spotify Support Community, we’ll ask you to create a profile name. This will be publicly displayed to anyone who uses the Spotify Support Community. We’ll also display any questions or comments you post.
Other Spotify users
• User Data
• Usage Data
To share information about your use of the Spotify Service with other Spotify users. These could include your followers on Spotify.
For example, under ‘Social’ settings you can choose to share your recently played artists and your playlists on your profile. You can also choose to create or join a shared playlist with other users. Shared playlists give you social recommendations based on your listening activity.
Artists and record labels
• User Data
To receive news or promotional offers from artists, record labels or other partners.
You may choose to share your User Data for this purpose when you sign up to the Spotify Service. You’ll always have the option to change your mind and
withdraw your consent at any time
.
Information we may disclose
See this table for details of who we disclose to and why.
Categories of recipients
Categories of data
Reason for disclosing
Service providers
• User Data
• Street Address Data
• Usage Data
• Payment and Purchase Data
• Survey and Research Data
So they can provide their services to Spotify.
These service providers include those we hire to:
• give customer support
• operate the technical infrastructure we need to provide the Spotify Service
• assist in protecting and securing our systems and services (e.g. Google’s reCAPTCHA)
• help market Spotify’s (and our partners’) products, services, events and promotions
• verify your eligibility for certain types of Service Options (e.g., Spotify Premium Student)
Payment partners
• User Data
• Payment and Purchase Data
So they can process your payments, and for anti-fraud purposes.
Advertising partners
• User Data
• Usage Data
So they can help us deliver more relevant advertising to you on the Spotify Service, and help measure the effectiveness of ads.
For example, our ad partners help us facilitate tailored advertising.
With respect to Spotify Service users under the age of 18, we do not disclose personal data to advertising partners by default.
Marketing Partners
• User Data
• Usage Data
To promote Spotify with our partners. We disclose certain User Data and Usage Data to these partners where necessary to:
• enable you to participate in Spotify promotions, including trials or other bundled offers
• to promote Spotify in media and advertising published on other online services
• help us and our partners to measure the effectiveness of Spotify promotions
Examples of partners include:
• marketing or sponsorship partners
• websites and mobile apps who sell us advertising space on their services
• device, app and mobile partners who also offer Spotify promotions
Our partners may also combine the personal data we disclose to them with other data they collect about you, e.g. your use of their services. We and our partners may use this information to present you with offers, promotions, or other marketing that we think you’ll find relevant.
With respect to Spotify Service users under the age of 18, we do not disclose personal data to marketing partners by default.
Ticketing and event partners
• User Data
For every event for which we sell tickets, we will need to disclose your name, email or other order details to our event partners such as ticketing agent or venue box office where the event is taking place so that you can check-in as a verifiable guest who purchased tickets through Spotify’s ticketing platform.
Podcast Hosting Platforms
• Usage Data
Hosting platforms host podcasts so that they can deliver them to you. We disclose certain data, such as your IP address, to the podcast hosting platforms when you play a podcast. We also allow you to stream podcasts available from other hosting platforms not owned by Spotify.
Podcast providers should explain in the show or episode description which platform is hosting the podcast. See the hosting platform’s own privacy policy for how they use data disclosed to them.
Academic researchers
• User Data
• Usage Data
For activities such as statistical analysis and academic study, but only in a pseudonymized format.
Other Spotify group companies, including companies that Spotify acquires
• User Data
• Street Address Data
• Usage Data
• Payment and Purchase Data
• Survey and Research Data
To carry out our daily business operations and so we can maintain, improve and provide the Spotify Service and acquired companies’ services to you.
For example:
• enabling our employees who work for different group companies to develop and improve features for the Spotify Service
• disclosing data to our measurement companies to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns that run on the Spotify Service
• disclosing data to our podcast companies to better understand user listening trends
Law enforcement and other authorities, or other parties to litigation
• User Data
• Usage Data
When we believe in good faith it’s necessary for us to do so, for example:
to comply with a legal obligation
to respond to a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena)
for our own or a third party’s justifiable interest, relating to:
national security
law enforcement
litigation (a court case)
criminal investigation
protecting someone’s safety
preventing death or imminent bodily harm
Purchasers of our business
• User Data
• Street Address Data
• Usage Data
• Payment and Purchase Data
• Survey and Research Data
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer.
In this case, we may transfer your personal data to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
6. Data retention
We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Spotify Service and for Spotify’s legitimate and essential business purposes, such as:
maintaining the performance of the Spotify Service
making data-driven business decisions about new features and offerings
complying with our legal obligations
resolving disputes
Here are some of the categories of our retention periods, and the criteria we use to determine them:
Data retained until you remove it
It’s your right to request that we delete certain of your personal data. See the section on ‘Deletion’ in
Section 2 ‘Your personal data rights and controls’
for more information, and the circumstances in which we can act on your request.
You can also delete certain personal data directly from the Spotify Service: for example, you can edit or delete your profile picture. Where users are able to see and update the personal data themselves, we keep the information for as long as the user chooses unless one of the limited purposes described below applies.
Data that expires after a specific period of time
We have set certain retention periods so that some data expires after a specific period of time. For example, personal data you may input as part of search queries is generally deleted after 90 days.
Data retained until your Spotify account is deleted
We keep some data until your Spotify account is deleted. Examples of this include your Spotify username and profile information. We also typically keep streaming history for the life of an account, for example, to provide retrospective playlists that users enjoy and personalized recommendations that take listening habits into account (for example, Your Time Capsule or Your Summer Rewind). When your Spotify account is deleted, this category of data is deleted or de-identified.
Data retained for extended time periods for limited purposes
After your account is deleted, we keep some data for a longer time period but for very limited purposes. For example, we may be subject to legal or contractual obligations that require this. These may include mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data kept for the purposes of litigation. We may also keep data that has been removed from the Spotify Service for a limited period of time. This could be:
to help ensure user safety, or
to protect against harmful content on our platform.
This helps us investigate potential breaches of our
User Guidelines
and
Platform Rules
. On the other hand, we will remove unlawful content if the law requires us to do so.
7. Transfer to other countries
Because of the global nature of our business, Spotify transfers personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners when carrying out the activities described in this Policy.
Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use tools to make sure the data transfer complies with applicable law.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymization
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests
8. Keeping your personal data safe
We’re committed to protecting our users’ personal data. We put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, be aware that no system is ever completely secure.
We have put various safeguards in place to guard against unauthorized access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems. These include pseudonymization, encryption, access, and retention policies.
To protect your user account, we encourage you to:
use a strong password which you only use for your Spotify account
never share your password with anyone
limit access to your computer and browser
log out once you have finished using the Spotify Service on a shared device
read more detail on
protecting your account
You can log out of Spotify in multiple places at once by using the ‘Sign out everywhere’ function on
your account page
.
If other individuals have access to your Spotify account, then they can access personal data, controls and the Spotify Service available in your account. For example, you might have allowed someone to use your account on a shared device.
It’s your responsibility to only allow individuals to use your account where you’re comfortable sharing this personal data with them. Anyone else’s use of your Spotify account may impact your personalized recommendations.
9. Children
Note: This Policy doesn't apply to Spotify Kids except where the
Spotify Kids Privacy Policy
says so. Spotify Kids is a separate Spotify application.
The Spotify Service has a minimum ‘Age Limit’ in each country or region. The Spotify Service is not directed to children whose age:
is under the age of 13 years
makes it illegal to process their personal data, or
requires parental consent to process their personal data
We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the applicable Age Limit. If you’re under the Age Limit, do not use the Spotify Service, and do not provide any personal data to us. Instead, we recommend using a
Spotify Kids
account.
If you’re a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal data to Spotify,
contact us
.
If we learn that we’ve collected the personal data of a child under the applicable Age Limit, we’ll take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. This may require us to delete the Spotify account for that child.
When using a shared device on the main Spotify Service, be cautious about playing or recommending any inappropriate content to individuals under 18 years old.
10. Privacy Request Metrics
The following chart contains statistics about global requests we received from users between 1 January and 31 December 2023:
Type of request
Received
Complied
Denied
Average response rate
Right to Know / Access
2,375,576
2,375,576
0
9.88 days
Request to Delete
6,367,692
6,367,692
0
15.5 days
Request to Correct*
38
32
6
13.84 days
Request to Opt-Out of Data Sharing for Tailored Ads
78,145,777
78,145,777
0
1 day
*Adjustments in the user account within the Service made either by the user themselves or aided by customer services are not counted as correction requests (e.g., user updated their display name)
11. Changes to this Policy
We may occasionally make changes to this Policy.
When we make material changes to this Policy, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. For example, we may display a prominent notice within the Spotify Service or send you an email or device notification.
12. How to contact us
For any questions or concerns about this Policy, contact our Data Protection Officer any one of these ways:
email
privacy@spotify.com
write to us at: Spotify USA Inc., 150 Greenwich Street, Floor 62, New York, NY 10007, USA
Spotify USA Inc. is the data controller of personal data processed under this Policy.
© Spotify USA Inc.
Sub-policy 7
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 8
https://app.rippling.com/legal/privacy:
