We, at
AFTERVERSE GAMES LTDA
, a private legal entity, registered under the CNPJ number 41.109.483/0001-44 (“
Afterverse
” or “
us
”), developed PK XD (“
PK XD
” or “
App
”), an application aimed at the teenage audience that offers a metaverse to be explored, with a customized avatar, allowing interaction with other users in a safe manner.
This Privacy Policy describes how Afterverse uses data that can be collected, directly or indirectly, from users of PK XD.
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) occurs when the user or their parent, guardian, or legal representative (when applicable), accesses the App and agrees, affirmatively, to the use of their own Personal Data, or the Personal Data of the person represented, for each of the purposes described by us here. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not continue interacting with the App.
To facilitate understanding, this Policy is divided as follows:
What is Personal Data?
What will Afterverse do with your Personal Data?
Who can Afterverse share Personal Data with?
Does Afterverse perform international transfer of Personal Data?
What are the rights of users as holders of Personal Data?
How long will the Personal Data of users be stored?
How does Afterverse protect the data of users?
How to talk to Afterverse?
Afterverse takes the privacy and protection of the Personal Data of PK XD users very seriously. For this reason, there will not be any collection, storage, or any form of processing of the Personal Data of users in a different manner or for purposes other than those specified in this Policy, except if there is a legal obligation to be complied with by Afterverse.
Through this document, Afterverse will tell you about the technical and organizational measures employed to ensure the protection of the Personal Data of PK XD users.
1. What is Personal Data?
Personal Data is considered all information that can identify or make an individual identifiable, such as, for example, their full name, IP address, and residential address.
2. What will Afterverse do with your Personal Data?
During the use of the App, the user may voluntarily provide their Personal Data when, for example, making purchases within the application.
Additionally, the user may also have usage data collected indirectly, through tools that generate statistical analyses about the usability of the App, such as information about errors, the number of users online, and the most used functionalities.
These data are not considered Personal Data.
In the interest of transparency and privacy of users, below are the purposes for which Afterverse processes Personal Data, the Personal Data involved, as well as the respective legal bases that legitimize its processing:
Purpose
Personal Data
Legal Basis
Access registration to the App
IP address and geolocation
Consent
Login
Nickname, email, Apple ID and/or Google ID of the user or the parent, guardian, or legal representative of the user. (
IDs are the user accounts within their respective platforms that can be used for login within the App
). Device ID (ID of the device used to play the game) and type of device used to access the game (Device or ID)
Consent
Payment (
only for transactions made via desktop
)
Name, CPF (Brazilian Tax ID), address, card suffix, brand, and payment method
Execution of contract or preliminary procedures to the contract
Sending of essential or requested communications
Email and nickname
Execution of contract or preliminary procedures to the contract
Analytics
and Marketing
Advertising_id (unique user ID generated by analytics and digital advertising platforms), in-app purchase history, diagnostic data, crash log, and other app performance data.
Consent
Creation of avatars
Avatar and nickname
Execution of contract or preliminary procedures to the contract
Afterverse commits to collecting and processing the Personal Data of children and adolescents according to applicable legislation and, whenever necessary, to do so upon the specific consent of the respective parent, guardian, or legal representative, for the uses and purposes provided in this Policy.
Within the PK XD platform, it is possible for children and/or adolescents to use their real name as a Nickname, making them public to other users. Afterverse does not encourage the use of any personal data on its platform and suggests to users and their parents, guardians, or legal representatives, that nicknames be chosen without using any personal data.
In any case, if the user wants to obtain more detailed information about the processes mentioned above, they can contact Afterverse through the contact channels provided here. Afterverse will strive to respond to the request, provided that it does not involve trade secret and/or intellectual property of the company or companies of its economic group.
Parents, guardians, and/or legal representatives of children and/or adolescents can contact Afterverse to exercise the following rights regarding the Personal Data of their children and/or adolescents:
- Review of personal data processed by Afterverse;
- Deletion of personal data processed by Afterverse (this may prevent access to the game);
- Access and modification of personal data processed by Afterverse;
- Request that Afterverse stop collecting and processing personal data (this may prevent access to the game).
These rights can be exercised through the means of contact available in item 8 of this Privacy Policy.
3. Who can Afterverse share Personal Data with?
Afterverse may work together with other companies in various activities, including for the hosting of Personal Data, analytics, and sending communications to offer the best possible game. Whenever possible, we will adopt mechanisms of anonymization of Personal Data, protecting the privacy of users to the maximum. Thus, we reserve the right to share Personal Data only with the companies listed below:
Supplier Companies:
we employ other companies to perform work on our behalf and we need to share your Data with them to make PK XD available. For example, we use data hosting services to store our database and share your information with technology providers. Our supplier companies are only authorized to use the Personal Data for the specific purposes for which they were contracted, and therefore, will not use your Personal Data for other purposes beyond the provision of services contracted.
To know the Partner Companies involved, visit:
https://policies.playpkxd.com/en/partners/3.0
Afterverse Partner Companies:
Afterverse may establish partnerships to provide its services and, to that end, may share Personal Data of users with the partners listed in the link below to enable the offering of products and services.
https://policies.playpkxd.com/en/partners/3.0
Analytics:
The Personal Data stored by Afterverse may be used for statistical purposes (analytics), with the aim of Afterverse understanding how users interact with the App. These Personal Data are pseudonymized and do not identify or make identifiable the holders of the Personal Data, but only aim to better understand how the App is used, in order to improve the products and services offered and direct them to the interest of the user.
https://policies.playpkxd.com/en/partners/3.0
Marketing and sending communications:
Afterverse uses marketing companies to send communications and direct content and ads according to the interests of the user. For this, some Personal Data may be shared between Afterverse and these companies, mainly unique identifiers, IP addresses, cookies, data on interaction with ads in the App, and data about the consumption history, which can be used to measure the efficiency of online advertising. The user may choose to receive such advertising, through express consent in the App, which can be revoked at any time, through the channel
https://app.playpkxd.com/privacy
.
The agencies and companies contracted by Afterverse for these purposes are committed to the same level of protection and privacy adopted by us; this includes the obligation not to use your Personal Data for any other purpose than the contracted purpose, as well as confidentiality and information security standards, among others. We always make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that our third-party service providers keep your Personal Data protected and secure.
https://policies.playpkxd.com/en/partners/3.0
To safeguard and protect Afterverse's rights:
Afterverse reserves the right to process any Personal Data it deems necessary to: (i) comply with a legal obligation or a court order; (ii) enforce this Policy, the Terms of Use, and other agreements; or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of Afterverse, its employees, users, or others.
Affiliated Companies:
Afterverse may transfer Personal Data between affiliated companies to enhance the services and products of Afterverse, as listed in the affiliates below. All companies are subject to contractual obligations in which they commit to treating the Personal Data of users with the same level of security as Afterverse and in accordance with applicable laws.
https://policies.playpkxd.com/en/partners/3.0
Afterverse strives and acts in good faith to protect and ensure the privacy of your Personal Data. When we share your Personal Data with any of the companies indicated above, we limit the sharing only to the Personal Data necessary for the exercise of their functions and ensure contractually that such Personal Data are used only to the extent necessary for the provision of services on our behalf or for compliance with legal requirements. Similarly, we require partner companies to commit to the same level of protection and privacy for your Personal Data that Afterverse would have if it were processing them directly; this includes the obligation not to use your Personal Data for any other purpose than the contracted purpose, in addition to confidentiality and information security standards, among others.
The Personal Data of all users, including children and adolescents, will be treated and shared according to the terms of this section. Users and their legal guardians have the right to know if their data is shared, so Afterverse has separated this section of the policy to provide adequate transparency.
Afterverse does not sell the personal data of its users to any third party.
4. Does Afterverse perform international transfer of Personal Data?
Yes. Although Afterverse is headquartered in Brazil and its products and services are aimed at people located in Brazil, therefore applying Brazilian laws related to the protection of Personal Data, the Personal Data we collect may be transferred to the United States of America and/or European Union countries. This transfer occurs mainly for cloud hosting purposes of Afterverse servers.
These companies can be identified at this link
https://policies.playpkxd.com/en/partners/3.0
. We recommend that you carefully read the privacy policies of these supplier companies and commercial partners, which can identify the exact location of their headquarters and servers.
By providing Personal Data to Afterverse, the user or their parent, guardian, or legal representative agrees to the processing and international transfer of the Personal Data mentioned in this Policy to the United States of America and/or European Union countries. These Personal Data may be subject to local legislation and relevant rules.
5. What are the rights of users as holders of Personal Data?
The user may choose not to disclose their Personal Data to Afterverse, but these Personal Data may be necessary for them to enjoy some of the features of PK XD. Regardless, the user will always have rights related to privacy and protection of their Personal Data. Afterverse is concerned about the security of these Personal Data and that users have access to and knowledge of all rights related to the processing of their Personal Data.In this sense, we expose below a brief explanation and examples of some of these rights:
Request for confirmation of the existence of processing:
This right allows the user to request and receive confirmation about the existence of processing of their Personal Data.
Request for access to Personal Data: This right allows the user to request and receive a copy of the Personal Data that are processed by Afterverse. For your privacy and security, we will adopt reasonable measures to verify your identity, such as, for example, requiring login before granting access to your Personal Data.
Request for correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated data:
This right allows the user, at any time, to request the correction and/or rectification of Personal Data, in case they identify that some of them are incorrect. However, for this correction to be effected, Afterverse will need to check the validity of the Personal Data provided.
Request for anonymization, blocking, or deletion of unnecessary, excessive Personal Data or data processed in non-compliance with the legislation:
This right allows for the request for anonymization, blocking, or deletion of Personal Data from the database of Afterverse. All Personal Data collected will be anonymized, blocked, or deleted from servers when so requested or when they are no longer necessary or relevant to the offering of services, unless there is any other reason for their maintenance, such as the possible need to retain Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation to safeguard Afterverse's rights.
Request for data portability:
Afterverse allows the user or third parties nominated by them, to obtain access to the Personal Data processed by Afterverse in a structured and interoperable format.
Right not to provide or withdraw consent at any time:
The user has the right not to provide or withdraw their consent, however, this will not affect the legality of any processing previously carried out based on the consent provided. If the user does not provide or withdraw their consent, Afterverse may not be able to provide certain products and services, essential to the usability of the App or not. If this is the case, Afterverse will inform the user when this occurs, for clarification purposes for the user's informed decision-making.
Right to review automated decisions:
The user also has the right to request the review of decisions made solely based on automated processing of Personal Data that affect the interests of users. Currently, Afterverse does not make any decisions that are exclusively automated.
Right to object to certain processing of Personal Data:
The user also has the right to object to certain processing purposes. In some cases, Afterverse may demonstrate that it has legitimate reasons to process the data, which override the rights of the user. For example: if the personal data are essential for the functionality of the products or services.
It may be necessary to request specific information from the user, or their parent, guardian, or legal representative, to confirm their identity and ensure the right to access their Personal Data (or to exercise their other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that data is not disclosed to anyone who does not have the right to receive them.
Afterverse will try to respond to all legitimate requests within 15 (fifteen) business days. Occasionally, the response may take more than 15 (fifteen) business days, in case the request is particularly complex or if the user has made several requests. In this case, we will notify the data subject and keep them updated on the progress of the request.
If there are any questions on the subject and how the user can exercise their rights, Afterverse provides the following contact channel:
https://app.playpkxd.com/privacy
.
6. How long will the Personal Data of users be stored?
Afterverse will keep the Personal Data of users only for the time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it collects them, including for the purposes of complying with any legal obligations (such as the retention of access records to the application for 6 months, as per the Marco Civil da Internet), contractual, accountability, or requests from competent authorities.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data, Afterverse considers the applicable legal requirements, the amount, the nature, and the sensitivity of such data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purpose of processing and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.
In any case, if you have registered an account on PK XD, the information from your account will be kept while you maintain that account active. Your account and information related to it will be deleted if you do not log in for 5 (five) years. If you request the deletion of your data and/or your account Afterverse will still keep the data for 15 (fifteen) days after your request for deletion in case of withdrawal of the request.
It is important to note that Afterverse may keep Personal Data for a longer period than indicated above to meet eventual applicable legal obligations, as provided by relevant legislation and in consumer and tax laws.
7. How does Afterverse protect the data of users?
Afterverse adopts technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data of users against loss, unauthorized use, or other abuses. The Personal Data are stored in a secure operational environment that is not accessible to the public.
Afterverse strives to protect the privacy of the account and Personal Data of users it maintains in its records. We maintain procedural, technical, and physical safeguards that help us prevent loss, misuse, or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the Personal Data provided by users. However, it is not guaranteed that a transmission of Personal Data carried out via the Internet is completely secure. It is possible that third parties, unrelated to Afterverse and not under our control, intercept or access transmissions or Personal Data illegally. Therefore, the complete security of Personal Data transmitted to our site or App cannot be guaranteed, we ask for your collaboration to help us maintain a secure environment for everyone. In addition to adopting good security practices in relation to the account and Data, be careful and attentive with the way of transmission and with the choice of Personal Data that are shared with us. If you identify or become aware of something that compromises information security, the user should contact Afterverse through the following contact channel:
https://pkxd.zendesk.com/hc/en-us
.
8. How to talk to Afterverse?
If the user believes that their Personal Data have been used in a manner incompatible with this Privacy Policy or with their choices as the holder of these Personal Data, or if they have other questions, comments, or suggestions related to this Policy, the user can contact the Afterverse team through the following means:
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
: Rafael Priviero D'Abruzzo
Afterverse Customer Service:
Privacy Center:
https://app.playpkxd.com/privacy
Contact Channel:
https://pkxd.zendesk.com/hc/en-us
Changes to the Privacy Policy
As Afterverse is always looking to improve its services, this Privacy Policy may undergo updates. Therefore, we recommend that all users periodically visit this page to be aware of the modifications. If significant changes are made that require a new consent from the user, we will publish this update and request a new consent.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://app.playpkxd.com/privacy:
Cookie Notice
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Close
Accept Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
More Information
Privacy Preference Centre
Save Settings
Allow All
We're sorry but PK XD doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Forgot password
Login
Configurações dos cookies