You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
User Privacy Statement for BG Home
Overview:
We will take proper security measures to protect your personal information strictly according to the Information Security Standard.You can also delete your personal information at any time. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you will not be able to use this APP.
Luceco plc is the operator of BG Home App (hereinafter referred to as “the App” or “we”). This privacy statement (hereinafter referred to as “this statement”) explains how the App collects and processes your personal and private information to enable the access and control of smart home products and declares the commitment of privacy protection by the App. This statement might be subject to update or change according to the conditions of information processing. Please read, understand and agree this statement or any other supplementary statements before submitting your personal or private information to the App. This statement includes:
I. We need to collect the following types of personal information / permissions to provide complete product experience
We collect the following information and permissions following the criterion of minimal data collection with your consent:
Device information
Device name, type, icon, brand, model and MAC address
Data generated from normal use of functions
remote templates.
Phone language
The App will display language according to the phone language setting to fit your language preference.
Phone OS / version
If the App has encountered with a problem, the App will collect your phone information (phone model, OS and version) to help identify the issue and accelerate resolution.
II. How we collect personal information
1. We will explain in details the conditions of collecting, using and protecting information for your better understanding how your personal information will be processed. All our actions strictly follow the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) issued by European Union.
2. We do not collect your data which may reveal personal race or its source, political opinion, religion/philosophical belief, labor union membership, personal gene identification, biological data, or data related to heath, sexual life or sexual orientation. We do not collect personal data of users under age of 16 without permission from their legal guardians. If you are under age of 16, you need to get permission from your parent or other legal guardian before using the App and products.
3. We removed third party SDKs not necessary for current products to prevent your personal information from leakage via unknown sources.
III. Your rights
1.To delete your data stored on the cloud please email to technical.suppport@bgelectrical.com. This action will also delete any synced data with third party operators and will result in BG Home being unavailable on Google Home/Alexa.
2. You can mail to Technical.Support@luceco.com to contact with us to delete your account and all personal data on cloud will be also deleted. You have the rights to delete your account and personal data at any time.
3. You have the rights to know the conditions of data collection including your consent to upload the data to cloud.
IV. How we protect your personal information
1. Predictive security measures in physical isolation,technical and legal manners are taken in this App to protect your personal information from corruption and data attacks.
2. A data protection officer (DPO) is assigned with contact email: Technical.Support@luceco.com
3. If your personal data is leaked, we will report to you for the situation of data leakage within 72 hours. Remedial measures will be taken immediately and reported to you. If we are unable to report the situation within 72 hours to you, we will explain the reason of this delay in subsequent report.
4. We will periodically update the measures for data protection including but not limited to data encryption and physical measures. We may inform you for certain updates according to conditions.