Terms of Use
Last Updated: September 12, 2023
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
These Terms & Conditions (these “Terms”) contain the terms and conditions on which we supply content, products or services listed on
shiftstate.io
(the “Website”), through our applications (the “Apps”) or via other delivery methods to you (the Website and such content, products, services and the Apps are collectively referred to herein as the “Product” or “Products”, which may be updated from time-to-time at the sole discretion of State). Please read these terms and conditions, carefully before ordering any State Products. These Products are made available by My State, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“State,” “us”, “we”, or “our”). The term “Device” refers to the device which is used to access the Products including but not limited to computers, smart phones and tablets. The term “you” refers to the user of the Products. The term “Order” refers to the purchase of, or request for access and/or use. When you Order any Products, or otherwise gain access to the Products, you agree to be bound by these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You may also be asked to click “I accept the Terms and Conditions” at the appropriate place prior to your purchase or access to the Product(s) and/or prior to your access to sections of our Product(s). At such time, if you do not click “I accept the Terms and Conditions”, you may not be able to complete such purchase or gain such access. By using the Products, you indicate that you accept these Terms and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these Terms, please refrain from using the Products.
PLEASE REVIEW THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SET FORTH BELOW CAREFULLY, AS IT WILL REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH STATE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION. BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND HAVE TAKEN TIME TO CONSIDER THE CONSEQUENCES OF THIS IMPORTANT DECISION.
State reserves the right to change or update these Terms, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users by posting such changed or updated Terms on this page. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to
shiftstate.io
. Your continued use of the Products constitutes your agreement to abide by the prevailing Terms as defined and posted by State. Under certain circumstances we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Terms by additional means, such as pop-up alerts or notifications within the Product(s) or by email.
2. USER AND ACCOUNT SUBSCRIPTIONS
In order to use the Products, you are required to sign up and create an account as a registered user on either the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store (as applicable). As such you will be required to provide State with your first name, last name, birthdate, email address, and create a password to be used in conjunction with that email address. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your Device. State is holds no responsibility or liability for the privacy of your personal email. State encourages you to read the privacy policy of your email provider, as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
During your Product use, you may be asked to provide certain personalized information to us (such information is referred to hereinafter as “User Information”). This User Information may include information from your Facebook and similar social networking profiles. Our information collection and use policies with respect to the privacy of such User Information are set forth in
State’s Privacy Policy
. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of User Information, and you agree to keep it up-to-date.
As a registered user, you acknowledge and accept that State is utilizing your User Information to generate a profile which may identify appropriate access levels to Product(s) that may correlate specifically to your User Information, health conditions, and other qualified information provided by you to State. As such, you accept the responsibility and agree to not allow another individual to utilize the Product(s) under your user profile, as their information may defer from that which you provide and warrant herein as accurate and up-to-date.
By registering to use a State Product you understand and acknowledge that depending on the membership types and/or user levels elected at time of registration, user access to certain sections, features, and functions on Products may differ. In these cases, users may have the option to upgrade or change membership types and/or levels should user wish to access additional sections, features, and functions.
You as the user acknowledge and accept the responsibility of checking and verifying that the details of these Terms and any additional terms specific to your Order(s) are complete and accurate before you use or commit yourself to the purchase the Products.
By agreeing to become a user of State Products you acknowledge and agree to opt-in to receiving occasional special offers, marketing, surveys, and Product based communication emails. You can easily unsubscribe from State marketing emails by following the opt-out instruction in these emails. State memberships and subscriptions are not transferable and therefore cannot be sold or exchanged or transferred in any way whatsoever.
By placing an Order, you warrant that:
You are at least 18 years of age and legally capable of entering into binding contracts;
You understand and acknowledge the terms herein and those specific to your Order(s);
All registration information you submit is truthful and accurate;
You will maintain the accuracy of such information; and
Your use of the Product(s) does not violate any applicable law or regulation.
Paid Subscription.
Following your free 14-day trial period, your account will be immediately converted to a monthly paid subscription, and the payment method on your account will be billed and you authorize us to do so. The subscription fee for this App is a recurring charge; that means that your subscription will automatically renew for the same amount of time as the initial subscription period, and will be automatically charged to the payment method on your account (and you authorize us to do so) unless and until you terminate the auto-renewal 24 hours prior to the next renewal date. You can stop the automatic renewal of your subscription at any time by logging into your account on the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store (as applicable). All fees are prepaid and non-refundable. State does not give full or partial refunds for unused subscription periods. If we are unable to process the payment method on your account at a renewal period, your account may be immediately terminated. In order to purchase your subscription, (each such purchase, a “Transaction”), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Transaction, including without limitation your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT CARD(S) OR OTHER METHOD OF PAYMENT ACCEPTED BY STATE UTILIZED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION. You agree to pay all fees, payments and applicable taxes relating to the subscription incurred by you or anyone else using your account. By submitting such information, you grant State the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Transactions initiated by you or on your behalf.
User acknowledges and understands that State may suspend or terminate use of Products as a result of (i) any fraudulent actions by user, (ii) our inability to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us, or (iii) any breach of the terms and conditions herein and any other additional obligations set forth by Product specific terms and conditions. Such suspension or termination may go into effect immediately and without prior notification to you and you will lose access to your account for the duration of the suspension and/or the balance of any prepaid period without any refund.
3. USE OF THE PRODUCTS
3.1 CONSULTING WITH YOUR PHYSICIAN
You acknowledge, understand, and agree to that use of State Products require that you consult with your physician(s) prior to use of State Products.
3.2 AGE REQUIREMENTS FOR USE
You must be 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your locality to sign up as a registered user of State Products. You must be 18 years of age or over, or the legal age to form a binding contract in your jurisdiction if that age is greater than 18 years of age, to sign up as a registered user of State Products and this App or any function, service, or portion of the App which requires such registration. This App is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. By using this App and any services provided therein, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into these Terms of Use and to abide by all of the terms and conditions set forth herein.
3.3 ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
You agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of User Information, and you agree to keep it up-to-date.
3.4 ETHICAL USE OF PRODUCTS
You agree not to impersonate any other person while using the Products, conduct yourself in an offensive manner while using the Products, or use the Products for any illegal, immoral or harmful purpose.
3.5 SYSTEMS PROTECTION AND SECURITY REQUIREMENTS
You agree not to upload, post, email or otherwise send or transmit or introduce any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, harm, damage, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or equipment linked directly or indirectly with the Products or the Products themselves. You agree not to interfere with the servers or networks underlying or connected to the Products or to violate any of the procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Products. You may not access the Products in an unauthorized manner.
3.6 REQUIRED CONSENT FOR SPECIAL USE
You agree not to use the Products for any purposes related to scientific research, analysis or evaluation of the Products without the express written consent of State.
3.7 BREACH OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
We may report any breach of this Section 3 to relevant law enforcement authorities and we may cooperate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Products will cease immediately.
4. PRODUCT MATERIALS AND OWNERSHIP
4.1 PROHIBITED USE
In connection with your use of the Products, you agree:
Not to use the Products or any part of them to create any tool or software product that can be used to create software applications of any nature whatsoever;
Not to tamper with the Products or circumvent any technology used by State or its licensors to protect any content accessible through the Products;
Not to circumvent any territorial restrictions applied to the Products;
To comply with all applicable laws when accessing or using the Products;
To only access or use the Products for lawful purposes;
Not to impersonate someone other than yourself, provide any other person or entity with access to the Products using your account, or assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity;
Not to cause nuisance, annoyance, inconvenience, or property damage, to any third party;
Not to (i) use the Products in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair State’s systems, (ii) introduce into the Products any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, or other malicious code, or (iii) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Products or the servers on which the Products are administered or connected to;
Not to (i) remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices from any portion of the Products, (ii)copy, emulate, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, license, lease, sell, resell, loan, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Products except as expressly permitted by State, (iii) decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble the Products, except as may be permitted by applicable law, (iv) link to, mirror or frame any portion of the Products, (v) cause or launch any programs or scripts for the purpose of scraping, indexing, surveying, or otherwise data mining any portion of the Products, (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access to or impair any aspect of the Products or its related systems or networks, or (vii) make available any content that (x) is violent, threatening, unlawful, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or racially, ethnically abusive or otherwise objectionable, (y) is sexual in nature or displays nudity or pornographic material (z) promotes violence, threats against any person or property, illegal or harmful activities, discrimination, abuse, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group;
Run Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Products, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Products (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Products infrastructure);
“Crawls,” “scrapes,” or “spiders” any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Products or Content (through use of manual or automated means);
Not to engage in any other conduct that (i) restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Products or (ii) may harm State, its affiliates, licensors, or customers, as determined by State; or
Use the Products in a way that violates these Terms or any other agreement.
You acknowledge that your use of the Products is at your own risk, including the risk that you might be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, objectionable, incomplete, fails to provide adequate warning about potential risks or hazards, or is otherwise inappropriate. Content that users submit or transmit to, through, or in connection with the Products (including any content that may have been created by users employed or contracted by State) does not necessarily reflect the opinion of State.
If you fail to comply with any of the foregoing restrictions, you may be denied access to or use of the Products.
4.2 PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You may not make the Products available to the public. The Products made available (in whole or in part) are owned by State or its licensors and your use of them must be in accordance with these Terms.
4.3 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
You hereby acknowledge that the Products, and all content, logos, designs, trade dress, trademarks, slogans, features, and functionality therein, including but not limited to all information, inventions, algorithms, source code, computer software, methods, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, implementation, selection, and arrangement thereof (collectively “State IP”), are owned by State, its affiliates, or licensors and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Accordingly, you agree not to: (i) download, display, copy, create derivative works from, reproduce, reformat, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, promote, publish, download, store, license, sublicense, transmit, sell or otherwise exploit any State IP except as allowed by law or as necessary to use the Products for their intended purposes in compliance with these Terms, (ii) attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, or read-out any State IP, (iii) or delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from any State IP.
If you print, copy, modify, download, or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the State IP in breach of these Terms, your right to use the Products will cease immediately and you must return or destroy any copies you have made. Additionally you may violate intellectual property laws of the United States, other countries, as well as applicable state laws and may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use. State will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Copyright
You agree to adhere to applicable copyright laws and State copyright terms, including but not limited to:
You agree and acknowledge that the materials are valuable property and that other than any specific and limited license for use of such materials, you shall not acquire any ownership rights in or to such materials. The materials may not be used except as provided for in these Terms, and any other relevant terms and conditions provided to you without our prior written permission.
You acknowledge and agree that certain materials on or in the Products may be the property of third party licensors and, without prejudice to any and all other rights and remedies available, each such licensor has the right to directly enforce penalties against you for non-compliance of applicable laws and terms herein.
Audio or video content from State not explicitly indicated as downloadable may not be downloaded or copied from the Products or any Device.
The Products are not intended for your commercial use. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed by us without notice and may result in termination of privileges. You must not use any part of the materials used in or on the Products for commercial purposes without obtaining a written license to do so from State. Material from the Products may not be copied or distributed, or republished, or transmitted in any way, without our prior written consent. Any unauthorized use or violation of these Terms immediately and automatically terminates your right to use the Products and may subject you to legal liability. You agree not to use the Products for illegal purposes (including, without limitation, unlawful, harassing, libelous, invasion of another’s privacy, abusive, threatening or obscene purposes) and you agree that you will comply with all laws, rules and regulations related to your use of the Products. Appropriate legal action may be taken for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Products.
A limited amount of content may be marked and authorized for the user to share in their personal social channels (Facebook, Twitter, etc.). With respect to content made available by State through the Products that is specifically identified as available for distribution by you (“Distribution Content”) as part of your blog or other online commentary, analysis or review (“User Commentary”), State grants you a limited right to download, reproduce and distribute Distribution Content over the internet as part of your User Commentary. You may also modify such Distribution Content but only as required to technically enable the display and distribution of such content through your computer systems and over the Internet (e.g. a change in video format or file size) provided such modification does not materially alter the substance or quality of such content. Your display and distribution of Distribution Content may also be subject to other terms and conditions that are set forth in the description of such content in the Products, such as display and distribution of Distribution Content only within specified usage dates. You agree not to publish the Distribution Content with other content that is known by you to be false, inaccurate, or misleading or that is, or that encourages activity or conduct that is, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable. Distribution Content may contain trackers that enable us to collect information with respect to the distribution and consumption of such content.
State respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you are a copyright owner, or authorized to act on behalf of one and believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit your claim to
support@shiftstate.io
with the subject line “Copyright Infringement” and include in your claim a detailed description of the alleged infringement details under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). You may be held accountable for damages, including, but not limited to costs and attorney fees associated to misrepresentations of bad-faith infringement claims.
Trademark
You agree to adhere to applicable trademark laws and State trademark terms, including but not limited to:
State, the State logo and all other State product or service marks are trademarks of State.
All intellectual property, other trademarks, logos, images, product and company names displayed or referred to on or in the Products are the property of their respective owners.
Nothing grants you any license or right to use, alter or remove or copy such material.
Your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the Products is strictly prohibited.
5. MEDICAL DISCLAIMER
State is a provider of online and mobile breathing exercise content. We are not a health care or medical device provider, nor should our Products be considered medical advice or a substitute thereof. All content found on State Products or website, including, but not limited to: text, images, audio, or other formats were created for informational purposes only. Product content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Only your physician(s) or other health care provider can provide medical advice. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on State Products or website. If you think you may have a medical emergency call 911 immediately. As with any type of exercise, if at any point during the exercises you feel faint, dizzy or have discomfort, you should stop immediately. Never look at your phone, use the App or perform these exercises while driving, operating machinery or equipment or while in water of any kind.
Any advice or other materials in the Products are intended for general information purposes only. They are not intended to be relied upon and are not a substitute for professional medical advice based on your individual condition and circumstances. The advice and other materials we make available are intended to support the relationship between you and your healthcare providers and will not replace it. State is not liable or responsible for any consequences resulting from you having read or been told about such advice or other materials and you understand and acknowledge that you will assume full responsibility for your decisions and actions. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we make no representation or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the advice, other materials and information published as part of the Products. Any health information and links on State Products, whether provided by State or by contract from third party providers, is provided simply for your convenience. Application or reliance on any techniques, advice, ideas, suggestions or information provided to you by State is done solely at your own risk and not at the direction of State. State makes no claims, representations or guarantees about Product benefits.
You understand that the exercises and programs discussed and used on this App can be strenuous and should be scaled or done in moderation. There is an inherent risk in any exercise that, while providing some health benefits, it can also cause unknown health issues. By using the App, you acknowledge and agree that you are voluntarily choosing to perform the exercises in the App and expressly agree to accept and assume all risk of loss, injury, death or damages that may occur as a result of performing the exercises used in the App.
6. ARBITRATION AGREEMENT
By agreeing to the Terms, you agree that you are required to resolve any claim that you may have against State on an individual basis in arbitration, as set forth in this agreement to arbitrate (“Arbitration Agreement”). This will preclude you from bringing any class, collective, or representative action against State, and also preclude you from participating in or recovering relief under any current or future class, collective, consolidated, or representative action brought against State by someone else.
6.1 AGREEMENT TO BINDING ARBITRATION BETWEEN YOU AND STATE
You and State agree that any dispute, claim or controversy between You and State (each a “Claim” and collectively, “Claims”) shall be settled or resolved by binding arbitration solely between you and State, and not in a court of law. Claims include, but are not limited to, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to (a) these Terms or the existence, breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, or (b) your access to or use of the Products at any time, whether before or after the date you agreed to the Terms.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where you allege claims of sexual assault or sexual harassment occurring in connection with your use of the Products, you may elect to bring those claims in a court of competent jurisdiction instead of arbitration. State does not waive the enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement as to any other provision, controversy, claim or dispute.
You acknowledge and agree that you and State are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Unless both you and State otherwise agree in writing, any arbitration will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, collective, consolidated, or representative proceeding. However, you and State each retain the right to bring an individual action in small claims court and the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights.
6.2 RULES AND GOVERNING LAW
The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (the "AAA Rules") then in effect, except as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.
The parties agree that the arbitrator ("Arbitrator"), and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any disputes relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Arbitration Agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable. The Arbitrator shall also be responsible for determining all threshold arbitrability issues, including issues relating to whether the Terms are unconscionable or illusory and any defense to arbitration, including waiver, delay, laches, or estoppel.
Notwithstanding any choice of law or other provision in the Terms, the parties agree and acknowledge that this Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. ("FAA"), will govern its interpretation and enforcement and proceedings pursuant thereto. It is the intent of the parties that the FAA and AAA Rules shall preempt all state laws to the fullest extent permitted by law. If the FAA and AAA Rules are found to not apply to any issue that arises under this Arbitration Agreement or the enforcement thereof, then that issue shall be resolved under the laws of the state of California.
6.3 LOCATION
Unless you and State agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings between the State and you will take place in New York County, New York.
6.4 ARBITRATOR’S DECISION
The Arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules. The Arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant's individual claim. An Arbitrator’s decision shall be final and binding on all parties. An Arbitrator’s decision and judgment thereon shall have no precedential or collateral estoppel effect. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law. State will not seek, and hereby waives all rights State may have under applicable law to recover attorneys' fees and expenses if State prevails in arbitration.
6.5 FEES
Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules.
6.6 SEVERABILITY AND SURVIVAL
If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, (1) the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall be severed from these Terms; (2) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to the Arbitration Agreement; and (3) to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration.
7. DISCLAIMERS; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; INDEMNITY
7.1 DISCLAIMERS
THE PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." STATE DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, STATE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTEE REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE PRODUCTS OR ANY PRODUCTS OR GOODS REQUESTED THROUGH THE USE OF THE PRODUCTS, OR THAT THE PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. WITHOUTHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER STATE NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH STATE REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE SERVERS THAT MAKES THE PRODUCTS AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES. YOU AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR DOWNLOAD AND USE OF THE PRODUCTS, THE SITE, AND ANY SERVICE OR GOOD REQUESTED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, REMAINS SOLELY WITH YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
7.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL STATE, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS, OFFICERS, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOST DATA, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, OR PROPERTY DAMAGE RELATED TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF THE PRODUCTS, WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF STATE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED ABOVE, THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT YOU ARE ENTITLED TO RECOVER IS THE AMOUNT PAID TO STATE FOR ITS PRODUCTS OR $100, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.
STATE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LIABILITY OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF: (i) YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE PRODUCTS OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE PRODUCTS; OR (ii) ANY TRANSACTION OR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND ANY PARTICIPANT, EVEN IF STATE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. STATE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAY OR FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING FROM CAUSES BEYOND STATE’S REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE FOLLOWING: ACTS OF GOD; ACTS OF PUBLIC AUTHORITIES ACTING WITH ACTUAL OR APPARENT AUTHORITY; CRIMINAL ACTS OF THIRD PARTIES; EPIDEMICS; THE SITE OF SECURITY REGULATIONS IMPOSED BY ANY GOVERNMENT; WORK STOPPAGES OR OTHER LABOR DISPUTES; WAR, MILITARY ACTIONS OR POLICE ACTIONS; ACTS OF TERRORISM; CIVIL COMMOTIONS; OR DISRUPTIONS IN AIR OR GROUND TRANSPORTATION NETWORKS, SUCH AS WEATHER PHENOMENA AND NATURAL DISASTERS.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
7.3 INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold State and its affiliates and their members, officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless from any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys' fees), arising out of or in connection with: (i) your use of the Products or services or goods obtained through your use of the Products; (ii) your breach or violation of any of these Terms; or (iii) your violation of the rights of any third party.
8. OTHER PROVISIONS
8.1 CHOICE OF LAW
These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles, whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction.
8.2 ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and State with respect to the Products and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral.
8.3 NO ASSIGNMENT
You may not assign these Terms without State's prior written approval. State may assign these Terms without your consent to: (i) a subsidiary or affiliate; (ii) an acquirer of State's equity, business or assets; or (iii) a successor by merger. Any purported assignment in violation of this section shall be void.
8.4 NO JOINT VENTURE
No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and State as a result of these Terms or use of the Products.
8.5 WAIVER AND SEVERABILITY
No waiver by State of any term or condition set forth in these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the State to assert a right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
You agree that these Terms will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. If any provision of these Terms is held by a court or other tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced to the fullest extent under law. State’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by State in writing. This provision shall not affect the Severability and Survivability section of the Arbitration Agreement of these Terms.
A printed version of these Terms and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
8.6 CONTACT
We appreciate your feedback. All feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Products should be sent to:
support@shiftstate.io
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.shiftstate.io/privacy/:
take a breath.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 12, 2023
My State, LLC (“State”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is a Delaware limited liability company. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to make it easy for you to understand what sorts of information State collects and how we use that information. This Privacy Policy discloses information we collect, process, and use when you visit our website (the “Site”) or through our applications (the “Apps”) (the Site and such content, products, services and the Apps are collectively referred to herein as the “Product” or “Products”, which may be updated from time-to-time at the sole discretion of State). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not consent to the practices detailed in this Privacy Policy you should not use the Products.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes are effective immediately when we post them and we will use reasonable efforts to alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. By continuing to use the Sites or Services after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted, you will be subject to, and be deemed to have accepted, the changes therein.
1. DATA COLLECTION
While using our Products we collect certain information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). The Personal Information we collect can include the following, which for reference is categorized under the letters set forth in the California Privacy Rights Act (California Civil Code 1798.140(v)(1)):
(A) Identifiers such as a real name, unique personal identifier, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
(B) Any personal information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80.
(D) Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased.
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, information regarding a consumer’s interaction with our Products and how users arrived at the Site.
We collect this information in the following ways:
You may voluntarily provide us certain information, for example your real name or email address, when you interact with the Product.
Our servers collect certain information from your browser or device when you visit our Site, sometimes called “Log Data.” Log Data includes information such as your device’s IP address, browser type, browser version, language, connection type, and the time and date of your request.
Our service providers that administer Services for us, for example our hosting provider(s) or analytics providers may provide us access to certain information we request from time to time.
We and our service providers use cookies, pixels, and other technologies to track your Internet activity on our Services and other websites, in accordance with our Cookie Policy below.
2. USE OF INFORMATION
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
Delivery of Services.
We may use your Personal Information in order to achieve our legitimate business interest of delivering Services you request or to fulfill contractual obligations to you.
Direct Marketing.
With your consent, we may use your Personal Information to send you our related marketing communications as permitted by law. You will have the ability to opt-out of our marketing and promotional communications by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing communications.
Product Optimization.
We use analytics and search engine providers to assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Site and provide information to providers such as Google for these purposes.
To comply with laws and regulations.
We may use your Personal Information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety.
We may use your Personal Information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (b) audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements; and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyber-attacks and identity theft.
3. INFORMATION SHARING
We may share your Personal Information, for the purposes outlined above, with the following categories of recipients:
Service providers.
We share your Personal Information with service providers to enable such parties to perform functions on our behalf and under our instructions in order to carry out the purposes identified above.
Affiliated Companies.
We may also share your Personal Information with our subsidiaries, affiliates and other related companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy and providing you with our Products.
Business reorganization.
We may share your Personal Information with any corporate purchaser or prospect to the extent permitted by law as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, as well as in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which Personal Information would be transferred as an asset of State.
Mandatory Disclosures and Legal Rights.
We may share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal or governmental request for information. We also share Personal Information to establish or protect our legal rights, property, or safety, or the rights, property, or safety of others, or to defend against legal claims.
We do not sell your Personal Information and will not do so in the future without providing you with notice. We may disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes, which are not a sale: (i) if you direct us to share your Personal Information, (ii) disclosures as part of a merger or asset sale, and (iii) as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. Similarly, we do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of your Personal Information.
4. STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your Personal Information is stored in electronic files. Our Products are available globally and your information (including Personal Information) may be stored and processed in any country where we have operations or where we engage service providers, and we may transfer your information to countries outside of your country of residence, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country of residence. By submitting your Personal Information to us or to a third-party via our Products, you acknowledge that you will be voluntarily transferring your Personal Information to a jurisdiction which may not provide the same privacy framework as other regions. If you live in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or the United Kingdom (the “UK”), the Personal Information that we collect from you may therefore be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the EEA or UK. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA or UK who work for us or for one of our suppliers or partners. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing outside of the EEA or UK. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and the applicable data protection laws, including entering into appropriate data transfer agreements based on the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or the UK government. Your Personal Information is protected by security measures appropriate to the nature of the information. In the event we become aware of a data breach where your personal information has been disclosed to unauthorized third parties, we will notify the relevant supervisory authority within 72 hours of becoming aware of the breach, and, if required by law, we will notify you if we think there is a high risk to your rights and freedoms. If you have any questions about our policy or security, you can write to us at
support@shiftstate.io
.
5. PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take our responsibility to protect your information very seriously. While no data transmission is guaranteed to be 100% secure, we use reasonable and appropriate security measures and practices to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and destruction.
6. DATA COLLECTED FROM MINORS
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 13 years of age. If we learn that Personal Information from users less than 13 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account or cancel the order and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us at:
support@shiftstate.io
.
7. ACCESSING INFORMATION
Individuals may review their personal information contained in State’s Products via the Settings page within the State app. If an individual believes that any of their information is inaccurate, user must make appropriate corrections or contact customer service at
support@shiftstate.io
for assistance.
8. COOKIE POLICY
Cookies, pixel, beacons, and other tracking technologies (together, “cookies”) are used by State to distinguish you from other users of our Products. Cookies are small data files stored on your hardware that help us remember you and your settings and to collect information about how users use our Products. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our Products and also allows us to improve our Products. By continuing to use the Products, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this cookie policy. If you are located in the European economic area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, we will obtain your consent before placing cookies on your device, except for strictly necessary cookies.
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences.
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies collect information about your interaction with functionalities provided on our Site and may be used to remember your preferences (such as your language preference), your interests and the presentation of the website (such as the font size). Without these cookies the Services may not perform properly.
Performance Cookies
Performance cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors, to see how users arrived to the Site, and to see how visitors move around the Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Our service provider, Google, uses cookies to provide use analytical data on how our Products are used. To learn more about how these technologies work, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/global/cookie-policy/
Options and More Information
You can set up your browser options to stop your device accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use certain functionalities of our Products. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
9. LINKS
State’s Product(s) or website(s) may contain links to information at other websites. When you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control third party websites or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your Personal Information. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
10. INFORMATION STORAGE
Following termination or deactivation of your account we usually delete Personal Information, however State or its App Providers may retain information (including your profile information) for a commercially reasonable time (unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law) for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes, to meet regulatory requirements, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, resolve disputes, enforce our contracts, or fulfill your request to “unsubscribe” from further messages from us..
11. RESIDENTS OF THE EEA, SWITZERLAND, AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
The following section outlines the privacy rights that the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the United Kingdom data protection laws (including the data protection act 2018 and the UK GDPR) grant to residents of countries in the european economic area (“EEA”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (collectively referred to as “European residents”). As a European resident, you have additional rights regarding your Personal Information, including:
The right to access.
You have the right to request us for copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification.
You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure.
You have the right to request that we. erase your personal data, under certain conditions with exceptions provided for by the GDPR.
The right to restrict processing.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions with exceptions provided for by the GDPR.
The right to object to processing.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions with exceptions provided for by the GDPR.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions with exceptions provided for by the GDPR.
The right to make a complaint to a data protection regulator.
If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK, you can find your local regulator’s contact details
here (EU)
and
here (UK)
.
You can withdraw your consent to our collection or processing of your Personal Information at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to such withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Exercising Your GDPR Rights
To exercise any of the above rights, you must submit a request to us by email at:
support@shiftstate.io
. Only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. We cannot respond to your request if we are unable to verify your identity or authority. Your verifiable request must include the reference “Request for GDPR Privacy Information” or “Request for Uk Privacy Information” in the subject line and the body of the message must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person whose Personal Information we have collected;
describe your request with sufficient detail; and
include an e-mail address or mailing address, as applicable, for us to send our response.
We strive to respond to verifiable consumer requests within 28 days; however, if we require an extension (up to an additional 28 days) we will inform you of this extension and the reason in writing.
The Site generally provides you with a reasonable means to view and change your profile information and you can opt-out of marketing communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you.
12. CALIFORNIA & NEVADA RESIDENTS
Under the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), California (“CA”) residents have certain rights regarding our collection, use, and sharing of their Personal Information. This Privacy Policy applies to “Consumers” as defined by the CPRA. In the event of a conflict between any of our policies, statements, or notices, including but not limited to this Privacy Policy, this section will prevail as to CA Consumers and their rights under the CPRA.
Right to Request Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information about you that we maintain.
Right to Request Correction.
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain.
Right to Know What Personal Information is Being Collected.
You have the right to request that we inform you of the (i) categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; (ii) categories of sources from which any Personal Information is collected; (iii) business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing any Personal Information we have collected about you; and (iv) categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed any Personal Information. The categories of Personal Information collected over the past 12 months and the categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information are outlined in the section above entitled "Information We Collect and How We Collect It.” The business/commercial purpose for the collected information is outlined in the section above entitled "How We Use Information We Collect.” The categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed any Personal Information is outlined in the section above entitled “How and When We Share Information.”
Right to Access.
You have a right to request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected and maintained in the period that is 12 months prior to the request date.
Right to Know What Personal Information is Being Sold.
You have the right to request the (i) categories of Personal Information that we have sold or shared to a third party and the category of the third party to whom we sold or shared your Personal Information; and (ii) categories of Personal Information we have disclosed to a third party for a business purpose and the category of the third party to whom we disclosed your Personal Information. The categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed any Personal Information is outlined in the section above entitled “How and When We Share Information.” We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties and have not sold Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
Right to Opt Out of Sale and Sharing.
To the extent we sell or share Personal Information, you have the right to direct us to opt out of that sale or sharing. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties and have not sold Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
Nevada (“
NV
”) law also guarantees that Residents of NV have the Right to Opt-Out of any sale of your Personal Information. We do not sell Personal Information.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we limit the use of your Personal Information to only uses that are necessary to perform the services or provide the goods. We do not collect, use, or disclose any Sensitive Personal Information as defined in Section 1798.140(v)(1)(L)(ae) of the CPRA.
Under the California “Shine the Light” law, California residents may opt-out of a company’s disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for its direct marketing purposes, to the extent we disclose your Personal Information to third parties for such purposes. As detailed above, you may choose to opt-out of our sharing of your Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request to us by email or phone. It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes.
Exercising Your Rights as a Resident of CA
If you have us with your Personal Information, you may exercise the above rights by submitting a verifiable consumer request to us by email at
support@shiftstate.io
or at the mailing address below.
Only you or a person registered with the CA Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. We cannot respond to your request if we are unable to verify your identity or authority. Your verifiable request must include the reference “Request for California/Nevada Privacy Information” in the subject line and the body of the message must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person whose Personal Information we have collected;
describe your request with sufficient detail; and
include an e-mail address or mailing address, as applicable, for us to send our response.
We strive to respond to verifiable consumer requests within 30 days; however, if we require an extension (up to an additional 60 days) we will inform you of this extension and the reason in writing. Data disclosure request will only include data collected within the 12-month period preceding the receipt of the verified request. We do not charge a fee to process requests to exercise your rights unless the requests are found to be excessive, repetitive, or unfounded.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in CA, and have a registered account with the Site, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Site. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in CA. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Site, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
If you have any questions or comments about the processing of your Personal Information, you may contact us at:
support@shiftstate.io
.
13. CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
support@shiftstate.io
.
sign up for the state newsletter