Home
Legal
Country/region
Austria
Germany
Italy
Austria
France
Spain
Åland Islands
Andorra
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czechia
Denmark
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
French Guiana
Greece
Greenland
Guadeloupe
Guernsey
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Martinique
Mayotte
Monaco
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Réunion
Romania
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
St. Martin
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
United Arab Emirates
Vatican City
United Kingdom
Our terms
User Agreement
User Agreement
Product Terms
E-Token Terms
Staking Terms
M-Token Terms
Saving Plan Terms
Index Terms
Loyalty Terms
Financial Services Terms
Payment Terms
Bitpanda Fusion Terms
L-Token Long Terms
L-Token Short Terms
S-Token Terms
Bitpanda Card Terms
Bitpanda Card Account Terms
A-Token Derivative Terms
Regulatory documents
Transparency
A-token
Cost Transperency Document
S-token
Cost Transperency Document
Leverage
Cost Transperency Document
crypto-assets
Cost Transperency Document
Investment Services Documents
A-token
Investor Information Document
S-token
Investor Information Document
Leverage
Investor Information Document
Bitpanda Crypto Index BCI Prospectus
A-Token Prospectus
Policies and Disclosures
Risk Disclosure (MiCAR)
Conflict of Interest Disclosure
Summary of Complaints Management Policy
Summary of Custody Policy
Non-discriminatory Commercial
Mistrade Policy
Execution Policy
BEST White Paper
Bitpanda Asset Management Offenlegung gemäß CRR
privacy
Bitpanda Group Privacy Notice
Contis Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
You decide which cookies you want to activate or reject. We won’t run any cookies without your consent.
Cookie policy
Manage your cookie preferences
Essential cookies
Always active
Allow us to remember your settings when using Bitpanda, (such as privacy or language settings)
Protect the platform from attacks
Enable to stay logged in after you originally log in
You have the option to refuse, block or delete them, but this will significantly affect your experience using the website and not all our services will be available to you.
Performance cookies
Inactive
Collect information about users browsing on our website to help us measure and improve our services and website performance
Receive the collected data anonymously
Blocking these cookies and tools does not affect the way our services work, but it does make it much harder for us to improve your experience.
Advertisement cookies
Inactive
Provide you with adverts relevant to Bitpanda (usually provided by third parties)
Manage and personalise the ads to tailor to your interests
Measure the success of our marketing campaigns
Blocking these cookies and similar technologies does not generally affect the way our services work. Please note, however, that while you’ll still see advertisements about Bitpanda on websites, the adverts will no longer be personalised for you.
Accept all
Reject all
Manage cookies
Confirm preferences
Accept all
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal/bitpanda-group-privacy-notice:
Home
Bitpanda Group Privacy Notice
Country/region
Sub-policy 1
https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal/contis-privacy-policy:
Home
Card Privacy Policy
Solaris Privacy Policy
Solaris is the brand name for the regulated entities Contis Financial Services Limited and UAB  „Finansinės paslaugos „Contis“, which are part of
the Solaris Group
.
Contis Financial Services Limited and/or UAB “Finansinės paslaugos „Contis“ (“
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) is  committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy together with our Terms and Conditions for your account and any other documents  referred to in them, sets out the basis on which any personal data will be processed by us. We may  collect personal data from you on any Websites or Apps we, or our distributors provide, or when you  communicate with us by email, telephone or post.
We will be the data controller of your personal data which you provide to us, or which is collected by  us about you. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data  about you and that we are required to notify you of the information contained in this policy. Please  read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and  how we will treat it. The terms and conditions of your account will identify which company is the  controller of your personal data.
We may be provided with this data by a distributor of ours who provides the website or app for the  purposes of applying for the account and providing some account services. The distributor is an  independent data controller and will also be acting as a processor of ours. For further information as  to the type of personal data we share with the distributor and the uses made by them of that data see  the data sharing section of this policy below. You should also read the distributor privacy policy which  is available on their website or app. The distributor is the company with whom you have applied for  your account and/or card.
If you have any queries, you can contact us using the details provided at the end of this policy in the  “Contacting Us” section.
Ensuring the lawful use of your personal data
We will only use your personal data where we have a lawful basis to do so. We will usually only use  your data:
1. where it is necessary for us to enter into and/or perform a contract with you (for example,  to create your account and provide our services to you).
2. in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business, and which  does not materially impact your interests, rights or freedoms. For example, we might collect  technical information about you when you visit our Website or App to improve your  experience on our Website or App. Please contact us using the details below if you would  like further information about this.
3. to comply with our legal obligations. For example, to pass on details of people who are  involved in fraud and to carry out anti-money laundering checks.
4. In some cases, where you have consented to us using your data, for example, where you  subscribe to our email newsletter.
Further details of how we will use your personal data are provided below.
What information we collect from you and how we use it
When you apply to create an account on the Website or App, we will need to collect some or all of the  following details about you:
• Name
• Residential addresses (current and previous)
• Business name
• Business address
• Date of birth
• Gender
• Email address
• Telephone numbers
• ID document numbers such as passport, driving licence or ID card.
• Image or photo of you
We will use this information for the purposes of processing your application and, if your application is  successful, creating and managing your account and providing any products or services you request  to you. If you have consented, we will also send our newsletter to you by email.
You will not be able to apply to create an account or order products or services from us without  providing the mandatory elements of this information which will be requested as part of your specific  account application.
This information may be provided to us by the distributor, we will become data controller of this  information once we receive it from them.
Fraud and money laundering checks
In order to process your application and before we fulfil your order and provide services, goods or  financing to you, we will use the information you provided to create your account to undertake checks  for the purposes of preventing fraud and money laundering, and we may need to verify your identity.  This may involve sharing your personal data with fraud prevention agencies. We will continue to carry  out these checks on a regular basis while you are a customer of ours.
When we and fraud prevention agencies process your personal data, we do so on the basis that we  have a legitimate interest in preventing fraud and money laundering, and to verify identity, in order  to protect our business and to comply with laws that apply to us. Such processing is also a contractual  requirement of the services or financing you have requested.
We, and fraud prevention agencies, may also enable law enforcement agencies to access and use your  personal data to detect, investigate and prevent crime.
Fraud prevention agencies can hold your personal data for different periods of time, and if you are  considered to pose a fraud or money laundering risk, your data can be held for up to eight years.
Automated decisions
As part of the processing of your personal data, decisions may be made by automated means. This  means we may automatically decide that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk if:
• our processing reveals your behaviour to be consistent with that of known fraudsters or  money launderers; or is inconsistent with your previous submissions; or
• you appear to have deliberately hidden your true identity.
You have rights in relation to automated decision making: if you want to know more, please contact  us using the details below.
Consequences of processing
If we, or a fraud prevention agency, determine that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk, we  may refuse to provide the services and financing you have requested, or we may stop providing  existing services to you.
A record of any fraud or money laundering risk will be retained by the fraud prevention agencies, and  may result in others refusing to provide services, financing or employment to you. If you have any  questions about this, please contact us on the details below.
Other than the automated processing set out above, we shall not carry out solely automated decision making using your personal data.
When you contact us
When you contact us, we will need to collect personal data about you to verify your identity before  we disclose any information to you, for data security purposes. We will be unable to deal with your  query unless you provide the information we request. We may also collect any other personal data  you choose to provide to us when communicating with us. We will only use that personal data for the  purposes of dealing with your enquiry.
How we use data about you, for what purpose and legal basis
We use your personal data for various purposes connected with your use of the account and  services. We will only do so where we have a lawful basis to do so. We will usually only use your  data:
1. where it is necessary for us to enter into and/or perform a contract with you. For example,  to create your account and provide payment services to you.
2. in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business, and which  does not materially impact your interests, rights or freedoms. For example, to improve how  we manage and process your payments.
3. to comply with our legal obligations. For example, to pass on details of people who are  involved in fraud and to carry out anti-money laundering checks.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
• to create and manage your account with us;
• to process payment transactions from and to your account;
• to carry out the required checks on your identity and monitor your use of your account to  check for fraud;
• to facilitate your use of your account;
• to communicate with you and provide you with customer support; and
• to share information with our suppliers and other third parties (such as banking institutions,  payment facilitators, and card operators) where required.
find out more…
The table below sets out further information about the purposes for which we use data about you,  with the corresponding methods of collection and legal basis that we rely upon for its use.
Purpose
Lawful basis for processing
Creating and managing your account  • to apply and create your account  • to administer and manage your account • to retain your account profile  information
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in  providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and  improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with  regulations that apply to us.
Carrying out identification and fraud checks • to carry out the required checks on your  identity and enable you to use your  account and card
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in  providing the account and services correctly. Our legitimate interests in operating and  improving our services to you and how we deal  with financial crime. Our legal obligations to comply with  regulations that apply to us.
Facilitating your use of your account and card • to administer your financial transactions  (e.g., payment, refunds, cashback,  transfers, etc.) • to provide details of your transactions • to retain records of your transactions  and spending activities
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in  providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and  improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with  regulations that apply to us.
Monitoring your use of the account and card to  detect fraudulent behavior • to detect, and prevent financial crime• to satisfy our legal and regulatory  obligations • to manage risk for us, you and our other  users
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in  providing the account and services correctly.Our legitimate interests in operating and  improving our services to you and how we deal  with financial crime. Our legal obligations to comply with  regulations that apply to us.
Communicating with you and providing you  with customer support • to investigate your complaint or query • to inform you of important information  or changes to your terms and conditions
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in  providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and  improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with  regulations that apply to us.
Sharing data with our suppliers and other third  parties (such as banking institutions, payment  facilitators, and card operators) where required  • see the Disclosures of your information  section for more information
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in  providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and  improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with  regulations that apply to us.
Sharing data with the distributor in order for  them to: • administer, manage & provide the  Website and/or App, manage their  relationship with you and deliver  relevant content to you • analyse and develop other products and  services • provide customer support to you  regarding the account, card and  payments
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in  providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and  improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with  regulations that apply to us.
The information we receive from other sources
We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example identity verification agencies,  marketing agencies and fraud prevention agencies) and we may receive information about you from  them for the purposes of identity verification, marketing and fraud prevention.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably  consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original  purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will usually notify you  and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Disclosures of your information
We will disclose your information to:
• Fraud prevention agencies, identity verification services and other organisations for the  purposes of preventing fraud and money laundering. For example, we share your personal  data with CIFAS when we carry out our fraud prevention and anti-money laundering checks  and if we suspect that you have committed fraudulent activity;
• Our group companies, for the purposes of processing transactions and providing services  relating to your account;
• Third party service providers and agents, such as
• IT companies eg SherWeb who provide data hosting services;
• telephony companies eg Talkdesk who provide our telephone systems;
• payment schemes eg Visa who are our card payment provider;
• card manufacturers eg TAG who are one of our approved card manufacturers; • auditors eg ECSC who audit our compliance to PCIDSS standards
• distributors and agents of ours who market and provide services to you for the  account and card
in order to allow us to manage our business and to provide the products and services to you.  • Other third parties, with your consent, who may contact you by email to provide you with  information about their products and services which may be of interest to you. For example,  Blackhawk who may provide our rewards programme on your account;
• In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, to the prospective seller or buyer of  such business or assets;
• If Contis Financial Services Limited or UAB “Finansinės paslaugos „Contis“ or substantially all  of its respective assets are acquired by a third party, to the acquiring third party; or • A third party if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to  comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions  and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Contis Financial  Services Limited, UAB “Finansinės paslaugos „Contis“, our customers or others.
Protecting your information
Your data is secured by encryption, firewalls and Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. This is industry  standard encryption technology which manages the security of messages transmitted across the  internet. When we receive your data, we store it on secure servers which can only be accessed by us.  We store your passwords using one way encryption which means we do not know what your password  is.
Storing your data within and outside the EEA
Our third-party data host provider uses servers located in the UK and Europe to store personal data.  As a result, when you use the Website or App to make transactions or update your account  information, your personal data may be transferred to the UK which is located outside of the European  Economic Area and so is not governed by European data protection laws.
However, UAB “Finansinės paslaugos „Contis“ has entered into EU standard contractual clauses with  any third party or group company in order to safeguard personal data which is processed or stored in  the UK.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in  accordance with this policy when it is transferred, stored or processed in this way.
Whenever fraud prevention agencies transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic  Area, they impose the EU standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission on the  recipients of that data in order to safeguard personal data when it is accessed from outside of the  European Economic Area. They may also require the recipient to subscribe to ‘international  frameworks’ intended to enable secure data sharing.
More information about the EU Standard Contractual Clauses is available here
http://eur lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX:32010D0087
.
Future changes
Any changes we make to our policy will be put on our Website and App and, where appropriate,  notified to you by e-mail. Please check for updates from time to time.
Retention of your Data
We will retain your personal data for as long as you continue to use our services. Thereafter, we may  retain your information for an additional period as is permitted or required under applicable laws. For  example:
• If you hold an account with us, your personal data will be retained for up to eight years after  the closure of your account to comply with our obligations under anti-money laundering  regulations;
• If you make a complaint, your personal data relating to that complaint will be retained for  five years from the resolution of that complaint to defend against legal claims; and • If you make any transactions on your account, your personal data relating to that transaction  will be retained for seven years from the date of the transaction to comply with taxation and  accountancy legislation.
Your rights
Data protection laws provide you with the following rights to:
• request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).  This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that  we are lawfully processing it;
• request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any  incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected;
• request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove  personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have  the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your  right to object to processing (see below);
• request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to  suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish  its accuracy or the reason for processing it;
• request a copy of your personal data which you have provided to us, in a structured,  commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transfer it, or to require us to  transfer it directly, to another controller; and
• object to the processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest  (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes  you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we  are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights  above). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or  excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure  your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another  appropriate security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no  right to receive it.
If you are unhappy about how your personal data has been used, please refer to our complaints  procedures which is available by contacting us. You also have a right to complain to the supervisory  authority, which in the United Kingdom is the Information Commissioner's Office
https://ico.org.uk/
and in Lithuania is the State Data Protection Inspectorate
https://vdai.lrv.lt/en/
, who regulate the  processing of personal data.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this policy, you can contact us by using the ‘Contact us’ facility on the  Website or App or in the following ways:
By post at:
Data Protection Officer
Solaris
Navigation House
Belmont Wharf
Skipton
North Yorkshire
BD23 1RL
By email at:
dpo@solarisgroup.co.uk
You decide which cookies you want to activate or reject. We won’t run any cookies without your consent.
Cookie policy
Manage your cookie preferences
Essential cookies
Always active
Allow us to remember your settings when using Bitpanda, (such as privacy or language settings)
Protect the platform from attacks
Enable to stay logged in after you originally log in
You have the option to refuse, block or delete them, but this will significantly affect your experience using the website and not all our services will be available to you.
Performance cookies
Inactive
Collect information about users browsing on our website to help us measure and improve our services and website performance
Receive the collected data anonymously
Blocking these cookies and tools does not affect the way our services work, but it does make it much harder for us to improve your experience.
Advertisement cookies
Inactive
Provide you with adverts relevant to Bitpanda (usually provided by third parties)
Manage and personalise the ads to tailor to your interests
Measure the success of our marketing campaigns
Blocking these cookies and similar technologies does not generally affect the way our services work. Please note, however, that while you’ll still see advertisements about Bitpanda on websites, the adverts will no longer be personalised for you.
Accept all
Reject all
Manage cookies
Confirm preferences
Accept all