Privacy policy
Read through our privacy policy
Home
Privacy Policy
What type of ubank products do you use?
I’m using current ubank products
I’m using original ubank products
I’m using current ubank products
You have products that are available at ubank today, products originally from 86 400 or you’re looking to get one of these products.
I’m using original ubank products
You have ubank products that aren’t available to new customers including:
USave and USpend accounts
Term Deposits
Self-Managed Super Funds
UHomeLoans
ubank Online Banking
ubank mobile banking app.
current
original
Current ubank products
Privacy policy
The privacy of your information is very important to us. Our promise to you is to provide you with the best possible service, while protecting your privacy. We will ensure that your information is secure and handled in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988, including the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) and the Privacy (Credit Reporting) Code.
This policy sets out how we will manage and deal with your personal information (including your credit-related information), whether you’re our customer or any other person we deal with as part of our business.
This privacy policy applies to ubank, part of National Australia Bank Ltd (ABN 12 004 044 937), 86 400 Pty Ltd (ABN 13 621 804 813), 86400 Holdings Pty Limited (ABN 36 621 802 097) and 86400 Technology Pty Ltd (ABN 46 621 804 199) (all part of the NAB Group). References to “we”, “us” or “our” used in this policy mean one or all of these organisations as the context requires.
We securely exchange personal information between these organisations including for purposes related to ensuring applicable legal obligations are met.
This policy is effective as at 9 December 2024. We may update this policy – if we do, you’ll always find the most up-to-date version on the website or in the app.
What is personal information?
Personal information is information about an individual who is identified or reasonably identifiable by the information (for example, your name, tax file number and date of birth).
Credit-related information (which includes credit information and credit eligibility information) is a type of personal information. This includes information from your credit report (or information derived from this report), your repayment history for loans from other credit providers, the amount of credit provided to you, and the kinds of credit products you have applied for.
Sensitive information is another type of personal information. This is information which is sensitive in nature (for example, your political opinions, philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional or trade association or union, and health information). We only collect sensitive information from you if it is necessary and you agree to us collecting this.
The information we collect
The types of information (including credit-related information) we may collect about you include:
your identification information such as your name, address, date of birth, contact details;
your identification documents or government identifiers such as your passport or driver licence number, Medicare or citizenship, and your tax file number and tax residency status;
health and biometric information, for example video footage or photographs of your face where permitted;
information about your financial situation, including your occupation, income, expenses, savings, assets, your credit arrangements and other credit-related information;
credit information such as details relating to credit history, credit capacity, and eligibility for credit (‘credit worthiness’);
your product or service preferences;
your financial and transaction information;
your account information;
records of your correspondence with us (including any complaints or enquiries you have made);
when you use the app or our website – your location and device information, IP address, information about how you interact with our app, website and the device you use to access them (including other apps on your device which is used solely for purposes related to security assessment and fraud detection and prevention) and any third-party sites you access;
information you access using our account aggregation service (for example, financial information from other financial institutions and points information from rewards program providers);
other information we think is necessary for the provision and promotion of our products and services and the operation of our businesses.
In certain limited circumstances, we may collect sensitive information about you (for example, about your health when you make an application for hardship or you provide us that information so that we can help you compare offerings from other service providers). If the sensitive information relates directly to your ability to meet a financial obligation to us or if you have otherwise voluntarily provided us with this information, you agree to us collecting this.
How we collect your information
In general, we won’t use or share personal information (including your credit-related information) collected about you other than for a purpose set out in this privacy policy, for a purpose you would reasonably expect, a purpose required or permitted by law, or a purpose that we have told you about (or that you have agreed to).
Most of the personal information we collect about you will come directly from you (for example, when you fill in our application form, or when you deal with us over the phone or via the app). We’ll also collect information about you when you use our services and products (for example, when you use your account with us to make transactions or repayments).
Sometimes, we might need to collect personal information (including credit-related information) about you from others, such as:
credit reporting bodies;
business alliance partners;
other financial services institutions (including brokers);
your employer or any referee you provide us;
your representatives (for example, your legal advisor, financial advisor, accountant, trustee or attorney);
the operating system software on your phone (including location software on your phone), your device, and your telecommunications provider;
other organisations who, jointly with us, provide products or services to you;
our service providers (such as companies that provide fraud prevention services, identity verification services or other services that you choose to sign up to (such as our account aggregation service); and
public registers or social media.
We’ll ask you before we do this if we’re required by law to do so.
We will usually require you to identify yourself to access any of our services.
If you do not provide us with your personal information (including credit-related information), we may be unable to provide or administer the products or services you have requested.
Dealing with your credit-related information
When you apply to us for credit, we will usually obtain a credit report about you from a credit reporting body. This report gives us information about your credit history and other credit-related information collected. We use this to assess your creditworthiness (and to decide whether to offer you credit).
Your credit report will usually only contain information from the past five years. It may contain information from up to the past seven years if you have committed a serious credit infringement.
We may collect and share credit-related information with credit reporting bodies about your credit accounts. This may include information about the date you opened (and closed) a credit account, the account type, the credit limit, your repayment history, any temporary or permanent hardship arrangements and details relating to any defaults or serious credit infringements (like obtaining credit by fraud). This information may be included in reports that the credit reporting body gives to other organisations to help them assess your creditworthiness. Information we provide may reflect negatively on your creditworthiness and may impact your ability to get credit from other lenders.
The main types of credit-related information we hold, or share with or collect from a credit reporting body, include:
your current loans;
loans you have applied for;
if available, your repayment history on any loans and your default history;
information about whether you were provided with a permanent or temporary arrangement due to hardship and, if so, whether you met the requirements of such an arrangement;
your credit report;
scores, ratings and evaluations relating to your creditworthiness that we have derived from your credit report;
any payment defaults reported by service providers such as telecommunications and energy companies;
whether there are any Court judgments against you;
whether you are, or have recently been, bankrupt; and
whether you have committed fraud or any serious credit infringements.
If your credit report is different from what you have told us about your financial history, we may ask you to explain this.
The credit reporting bodies we may deal with are:
Illion
https://www.illion.com.au
Illion’s credit reporting policy is set out at
www.illion.com.au/illion-credit-reporting-policy-australia
Phone: 1300 734 806
Email: pac.austral@illion.com.au
Experian Australia
https://www.experian.com.au
Experian’s credit reporting policy is set out at
www.experian.com.au/privacy-policy
Phone: 1300 783 684
Mail: Consumer Support Experian Australia
PO Box 1969
North Sydney NSW 2060
Equifax
www.equifax.com.au
Equifax’s credit reporting policy is set out at
www.equifax.com.au/privacy
Phone: 13 83 32
For more information about our credit information handling practices, please refer to the
NAB Group Credit Reporting Policy
.
Meeting our regulatory obligations
Sometimes, we’ll need to collect and disclose personal information (including credit-related information) because we’re required to by a law, including:
the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 and other anti-money laundering legislation (for example, for identity verification);
the National Consumer Credit Protection Act 2009;
the Personal Property Securities Act 2009 (for example, if relevant, for search and registration purposes);
the Financial Sector (Collection of Data) Act 2001 and other regulatory legislation; and
the Taxation Administration Act 1953, the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 and 1997 and other taxation laws and regulations.
Using cookies
Each time you visit our website, we may record the date and time of your access to the site and any information you have read or downloaded. We use cookies to collect information about your use of our website. Web cookies cannot scan your hard drive and cannot gather your passwords, credit card numbers or any other information on your computer. Web cookies are placed on your computer hard drive by a web page server, which can then be accessed by our web server. They are only used to identify you and may be used to track your browsing habits.
If you don’t want us to use cookies, you may be able to configure your web browser, or use other software, to prevent the use of cookies. However, you may not be able to make full use of the website.
How we use your information
We collect, hold, use and share your personal information (including credit-related information) so that we can establish, administer and provide our products and services to you.
For example, the main reasons why we use and share your information are to:
confirm your identity;
consider and process your (or a borrower’s) application for products and services provided by us including hardship requests;
derive scores, ratings and evaluations relating to your creditworthiness;
contact you and to manage our relationship with you (including to deal with complaints);
conduct market or customer satisfaction research;
perform administrative operations, including accounting, risk management, record keeping, archiving, systems development and testing, and staff training;
manage our agreements with external payment systems;
develop, establish and administer our alliances and other arrangements (including rewards programs) with other organisations relating to the promotion, administration and use of our products and services;
improve our products and identify products and services that may interest you, and tell you about them (unless you ask us not to – we won’t be offended);
assist you with invitations and online applications;
help you to compare products and services that may be available from third parties;
help prevent fraud or identify theft;
comply with a law or regulation; and
complete a purpose for which you have given your consent.
Using your information for marketing purposes
We may use your personal information to tell you about products or services (including those of third parties or related companies) that we think you might be interested in, unless you opt-out. We may do this by email, SMS, phone calls or any other means of communication.
We may also market our products to you through third party channels (such as social networking sites), or via other companies who assist us to market our products and services. We may also use de-identified data to help place communications in the media that are most relevant to you.
If you don’t want to receive marketing information, you can tell us by:
updating your preferences via the ‘Settings’ tab in the ubank app;
clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in our marketing emails (we’ll make sure we always include this link); or
calling
13 30 80
.
From time to time, we may ask credit reporting bodies to use your credit-related information to pre-screen you for marketing purposes (for example, to determine your eligibility for certain credit products). You can let the credit reporting body know that you don’t want your information to be used in this way.
If we have partnerships with third parties, we may provide information about you and your ubank products to them with your consent so that they can tell you about their products and services.
Who we share your information with
We know that the privacy of the information you provide us is important to you. Sometimes we might share your personal information (including credit-related information) with others for the reasons listed above, including to:
credit reporting bodies or financial services suppliers;
other financial institutions and external payment systems operators;
our related companies, assignees, agents, contractors and external advisors (like our accountants and legal advisors);
businesses who provide services to us (for example, organisations we use to verify your identity and assist us in providing our account aggregation service);
debt collection agencies;
your referees, including your employer;
a third party who introduces you to us;
the government, external dispute resolution services and law enforcement agencies or regulators;
your and our insurers or prospective insurers and their underwriters;
other organisations with whom we have alliances or arrangements including their agents (e.g., rewards programs) for the purpose of:
fulfilling any requests you’ve made to us or them.
promoting our respective products and services.
administering the arrangement or alliance.
for any other purpose you’ve agreed to.
third party technology providers that provide content, information or functionality for our applications or websites including, for example, Google Maps. We will tell you when this is the case in the relevant section of our app or webpage;
anyone supplying goods or services to you in connection with a rewards program associated with a facility we provide to you;
your current and prospective co-borrowers;
other organisations (including our related bodies corporate) for the marketing of their products and services (unless you tell us not to);
any person to the extent necessary, in our view, in order to carry out any instruction you give to us; and
organisations involved in our funding arrangements (including loan purchasers, investors and advisers).
We might also share your information for any other reason permitted by law. In some circumstances, we may require your consent before being able to share your personal information at which point we will seek this from you.
More information about verifying your identity
With your consent:
We may share your full name, date of birth and residential address with a credit reporting body to help us verify your identity.
Where you have provided us with details of an identity document, we may verify your identity by checking your details (name, date of birth, address) with the document issuer or official record holder. This may be done via a third party.
Overseas disclosure of personal information
We may share your personal information with contracted service providers and other organisations with overseas operations including those who perform technology and operational functions on our behalf. Countries may include USA, the Philippines, Romania and countries listed at
www.nab.com.au/privacy/overseas-countries-list
.
When we do share personal information overseas, we take all reasonable care to prevent unauthorised access to, modification and disclosure of, your personal information and require overseas recipients to do the same.
What if you think you are a victim of fraud?
If you think you are or could be a victim of fraud (including identity fraud), you can ask a credit reporting body not to use or give your credit-related information to anyone for a 21-day period (unless the use or disclosure is required by law). It’s a good idea to make requests to each major credit reporting body, as you may have a credit report with more than one credit reporting body.
How we hold and protect your information
We maintain strict industry standards and procedures in order to take all reasonable care to prevent unauthorised access to, modification and disclosure of, your personal information (including credit-related information) and protect it from misuse and loss. If we no longer need your information, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify it.
If there is a data breach and we reasonably believe that this is likely to result in serious harm to you, we will notify you of the breach and the regulator if we’re required to by law.
How you can access your information
If you’re curious about what personal information (including credit-related information) we hold about you, you can let us know by contacting us. We will confirm your identity before we give this to you and will try to give you access to your information within a reasonable period of time (at least within 30 days, if the information is credit-related information provided by, or derived from information from, a credit reporting body).
We don’t charge you for asking us for your personal information. However, in order to cover our costs of finding and collecting the material, we may charge you a fee – but we’ll make sure you’re aware of how much this is likely to be before we do this.
There may be times when we decide to refuse access to your personal information (including credit-related information). For example, we may refuse access to information that is commercially sensitive, if disclosure would unreasonably impact on someone else’s privacy, or if we are prevented by law from disclosing the information (or providing access would prejudice an ongoing investigation). If we do this, we’ll let you know in writing.
How you can correct your information
If you believe that we have incorrect, incomplete or out-of-date information about you, let us know as soon as possible so that we can update it. However, if we don’t think the information we have about you is incorrect, we’ll provide you with a written explanation.
If the incorrect information was given to us by a credit reporting body, we may need to check with the credit reporting body or the credit provider before we correct this. We’ll aim to make sure your information is updated within 30 days – however, if we can’t help you within that timeframe, we’ll ask you for extra time and will explain why.
Personal information about others
If you give us personal information about someone else (for example, a referee) please make sure you have their permission. You’re responsible for letting them know that they can refer to our privacy policy on how we’ll handle their personal information, and that they have a right to access the information that we hold about them.
Government identifiers
We don’t use your tax file number, Medicare number, pension number or any other government identifier as our customer identifier. We’ll only use and share these numbers for purposes required by law.
What if you have a concern about your personal information?
We want to make sure you have confidence in how we handle your personal information. If you have a concern about our handling of your personal information (including credit-related information), please let us know using the “Contact Us” page on our website or by calling us on
13 30 80
.
We will acknowledge your complaint as soon as we can. We take complaints seriously and aim to resolve them as quickly as possible. We will take no more than 30 days to deal with your concern.
If you are still unsatisfied with our response, you may complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) as follows:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Visit:
https://www.oaic.gov.au
Call:
1300 363 992
Mail:
GPO Box 5218, Sydney NSW 2001
Certain privacy complaints relating to either the provision of credit or credit reporting information in general can be referred to the Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA), the external dispute resolution scheme we are a member of. This is a free service. AFCA can be contacted as follows:
Australian Financial Complaints Authority
Visit:
https://www.afca.org.au
Call:
1800 931 678
Mail: GPO Box 3, Melbourne VIC 3001
Any questions?
Call:
13 30 80
(or
+61 2 9070 0202
if overseas)
Visit:
ubank.com.au
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.experian.com.au/privacy-policy:
Experian Global Sites
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Denmark
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Panama
Peru
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Türkiye
United Kingdom
United States
Client Sign In
Credit Services
Digital
Corrections Exchange / Hub
Experian Look Who's Charging Developer Portal
Experian Look Who's Charging Web Portal
Privacy Policies and Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy & Terms & Conditions
Share
Facebook
X
Linkedin
Email
Print
Experian Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy Statement applies to the collection and use of personal information by Experian Australia, including information collected through the various websites operated by Experian Australia that link to this Statement. It does not apply to personal information collected through websites that have their own Privacy Statements. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please
email us
.
View The Policy >
Credit Services Privacy Policy
Experian Australia Credit Services Pty Ltd is a credit reporting body under the Privacy Act, and does not collect, use or disclose your personal information other than as part of its credit reporting business. As a result, the information collected, used and disclosed is regulated under Part IIIA of the “Privacy Act 1988” rather than the Australian Privacy Principles. You should be aware that other entities within the Experian corporate group may collect, use and disclose personal information not related to credit reporting. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please
email us
.
View The Policy >
Privacy (Credit Reporting) Code 2014
Following an independent review pursuant to clause 24.2 of the Privacy (Credit Reporting) Code 2014 Experian Australia, Credit Services welcomes the release of the Final Report on the review of Credit Reporting Body - specific obligations of the Privacy Act and CR Code conducted by Piper Alderman.
The object of the review was to assess Experian Australia, Credit Services’ compliance with the credit reporting obligations in Part IIIA of the Privacy Act, the Privacy Regulation and Credit Reporting Code. It should be noted the review does not cover compliance with the Australian Privacy Principals or any other obligations under the Privacy Act.
In summary the report confirms Experian Australia, Credit Services is compliant with Part IIIA of the Privacy Act and the CR Code.
Experian Australia, Credit Services would like to thank all stakeholders who have made valuable contributions to the review.
View the 2024 Report
View the 2021 Report
Experian Credit Reporting Annual Report
Clause 23.11 of the Credit Reporting Privacy Code 2014 (CR Code) requires credit reporting bodies such as Experian to generate a report that includes the information requirements as outlined in clause 23.11 of the CR code (referred to as “The Credit Reporting Annual Report”) and published on their website. The report includes statistics on Experian’s credit reporting performance (requests, corrections, complaints, serious credit infringements and comprehensive credit reporting activity); a summary of Experian’s monitoring and auditing efforts of credit reporting activities; and any other information requested by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
View the 2023-2024 Report
Consumer Opt Out
If you’d like to opt out it’s easy. Simply complete our quick online form.
Opt Out Now >
Terms of Use
This statement outlines our terms and conditions regarding the content on our website, including the terms of use for downloading software, links to other websites, products and services, advertising and sponsorship.
View Terms of Use >
Standards and Regulations
This statement outlines our Corporate Responsibility (CR) strategy and objectives.
View Standards And Regulations >
Terms and Conditions of Business
These terms set out the conditions under which we purchase our goods and services
Australia Terms and Conditions - Goods
Australia Terms and Conditions - Services
If you have any questions about this website, our privacy policy or terms of use please use the relevant contact details on our
Contact Us page
.
Experian Whistleblowing Policy
This policy details the principles and standards by which Experian encourages Whistleblowers to come forward with their concerns about suspected misconduct or harm or breaches of the law or dangers at work and the community as well as the reporting of such concerns while protecting Whistleblowers’ legal rights.
View The Policy >
Business Solutions
Business Solutions
Business Solutions
Credit Services
Decisioning
Open Data Solutions
Data Quality
Marketing Services
Consumer Services
Consumer Services
Consumer Services
Order Credit Report
Request a Correction
Place or Lift a Ban
Help & Assistance
Help & Support
Contact Us
Data & Marketing
Social
LinkedIn
Sub-policy 1
https://www.equifax.com.au/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy (Australia)
1. Our Commitment to Privacy
The Equifax group of companies in Australia (formerly the Veda group of companies) is an information services and aggregation business. This policy applies to Equifax Australia Holdings Pty Ltd and each of its Australian subsidiaries (
Equifax, we, our, us
). A full list of the Equifax entities that provide services involving collecting, holding and disclosing Personal information is accessible
here
. This policy will apply to the entire Equifax group except for parts which are expressed to apply only to a specific entity within the  group. We may also make available other privacy policies in relation to specific entities within the Equifax group, on the websites for the relevant businesses conducted by those entities. These policies will apply in conjunction with this Policy, which is to be read subject to them in respect of those entities.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy Personal Information is defined as information or an opinion about an identified individual, or about an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether or not the opinion is true or not and whether or not the information is stored in material form or not.
We recognise that to run our businesses successfully we must maintain high standards when it comes to how we collect, hold, use and disclose Personal information. We recognise each individual's right to privacy and have established a number of protocols to help us keep the information we hold accurate, up-to-date and complete.
We collect, hold, use and disclose Personal Information in Australia in accordance with the
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
(
the Act
or
Privacy Act
) including but not limited to the Australian Privacy Principles (
APPs
) and the Notifiable Data Breach Scheme under Part IIIC (in the event of an eligible data breach). . This policy document sets out how we do this.
For further information on how Equifax Australia Information Services and Solutions Pty Limited (
EAISS
) handles credit reporting information to which Part IIIA of the Act applies, please refer to our Credit Reporting Policy which may be found at
Credit Reporting Policy
2. The Business Units of Equifax
Consumer Risk & Identity
EAISS provides a range of Consumer Risk and Identity Products
Consumer Credit Risk provides credit risk solutions and ongoing monitoring to help credit providers, mortgage and trade insurers make informed decisions about an individual's credit worthiness. For further information on the use and disclosure of Consumer Credit Information refer to our
Credit Reporting Policy
.
Fraud and Identity Solutions helps validate identities and detect fraud.
Decisioning and Scoring assists customers in making credit decisions based on an applicant’s risk profile.
Collection Services assists customers to segment and optimise debtors to improve receivables management
Identity Verification Services where businesses can access the DVS within IDMatrix. This is a reliable means for organisations to satisfy their identity verification obligations, including anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing (AML/CTF).
Equifax Affordability Check provides a service to capture, categorise and analyse bank transaction data and provide Account Verification, Income Identification, Affordability Reporting and Commercial Reporting.
Commercial Risk & Information Services
Commercial Credit Risk provides credit reports, payment behaviour and ongoing credit monitoring to help businesses make informed decisions about counterparty exposure including lending, finance, insurance, procurement and trade credit.
Commercial and Property Solutions provides a portal for business to access third party data and value added products derived from Land Titles and Personal Property Security Register (
PPSR
) data
eTrace is an Australian premier data searching service designed for the investigation, financing and tracing industry.
Equifax Australasia Credit Ratings Pty Limited t/as Corporate Scorecard provides services for assessing, commercial, financial and operational risks of suppliers and contractors in procurement.
National Tenancy Database (
NTD
) is a tenancy verification and identification service.
iCIRT provided by Equifax Australasia Credit Ratings Pty Limited provides a star rating based on public and private information to determine a building professional’s capability, capacity, and willingness to deliver a safe, compliant, durable building outcome. For further information relating to iCIRT and the what they do,
click here
Australian Business Research operates a commercial credit reporting business managed by EAISS and has linkages to EAISS’ commercial credit database.
MOGOplus and Tenant Affordability Check provides income and expenditure verification services.
Creditworks provides online statutory and credit information services credit and risk management technology based solutions. Creditworks also supports business managers from SME’s to large corporations and government departments with a broad suite of information products on clients and suppliers throughout Australia and Internationally. Creditworks’ services include access to government statutory databases, credit assessment reports and extensive risk alert monitoring services. For more information refer to
Creditworks
and the
Creditworks Privacy Policy
Personal Solutions & Marketing Services
Equifax Credit and Identity services provide consumers access to their personal credit information and credit score as well as the ability to receive updates to their credit profile when changes are made. Cyber monitoring such as Identity Protection to assist individuals with monitoring identity details across different platforms to help protect against identity theft is also available.
CarHistory provides information on cars for consumers and car dealers.
Reduce My Bills is a service which helps individuals locate a deal on cheap electricity, gas, phone, Pay TV and internet.
Equifax Australia Marketing Services Pty Limited (Data-driven Marketing) offers its customers a range of products to assist them in aspects of campaign management.
Equifax Public Phone Directory is an Integrated Public Number Database (IPND) which is a Public Phone Number Directory published in accordance with Schedule 1 of the Telecommunications Amendment (Integrated Public Number Database) Act 2006 (the Act) and the Telecommunications Integrated Public Number Database Scheme 2017 (the IPND Scheme) as well as the associated legislative instruments. For more information refer to the
Equifax Public Phone Directory Privacy Policy
Get Credit Score is a service that facilitates the obtaining of your credit score at no cost to you, and providing access to a range of financial products and services such as credit cards, personal loans, car loans, home loans, business loans and insurance. For more information refer to
GetCreditScore
and the
Get Credit Score Privacy Policy
Workforce Solutions
Equifax HR Solutions provides HR platform systems and other workforce data management services across the employment cycle to businesses and individuals under the following key products
Fit2work
Equifax Human Resources Platform(EHRP)
eCredential
Equifax Verification Exchange provides data services when employment and employment income verification is required by a verifier such as a lender, credit provider or other entity seeking to determine whether the employee is entitled to a benefit.
For more information refer to
Equifax HR Solutions
and the
Equifax HR Solutions Privacy Policy
.
International
Whilst not covered by this Privacy Policy, in New Zealand Equifax offers similar products to Consumer Risk & Identity Consumer Risk & Identity and Commercial Risk & Information Services based on New Zealand information.
For information about Equifax NZ privacy practices refer to the
Equifax NZ Privacy Policy
.
3. How Equifax collects your personal information
Generally speaking, Equifax collects Personal Information from third parties. The sources of that Personal Information include those listed below, depending upon the purpose for which it is being collected.
Real estate agents and real estate platforms/websites;
Utility Providers;
Lawyers, Insurers, Loss assessors, Loss adjustors and investigators;
Law courts;
Credit providers, other financial institutions and access seekers;
Australian Securities and Investments Commission;
Australian Financial Security Authority;
Australian Tax Office;
Telstra and other telecommunication providers;
Australia Post;
Australian Electoral Commission;
Australian Communications and Media Authority;
Market research organisations;
Direct marketing companies;
Service Providers to us;
Government agencies (such as the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) and the Federal Department of Human Services (DHS));
External Dispute Resolution schemes such as Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA);
Our customers;
Our related companies;
Your nominated representatives e.g. spouse, accountant, attorney under power of attorney, broker or other professional adviser;
Referees whose details you have provided to us; or
Universities, health care professionals, law enforcement agencies, and other third parties for Employment Verification purposes, described further below.
In addition, there are a number of other circumstances in which we will collect Personal Information from you:
When you register for an Equifax Credit and Identity account  or whilst you are a member of an Equifax Credit and Identity paid services;
When you request for a Car History report through the Car History website;
When you contact our Australian commercial or consumer credit bureau to obtain a copy of your commercial or consumer credit file;
When you contact our Australian commercial or consumer credit bureau to request an amendment to your commercial or consumer credit file or dispute information on your commercial or consumer credit file;
When you contact Data-driven Marketing, regarding material you have received from a Data-driven Marketing client;
When you contact NTD for a copy of your tenancy database file or to request an amendment to that file;
When you contact Employment Verification in order to provide information for background checks for employment purposes;
When you request or obtain information from us over the internet;
When you opt-in to receiving offers and product information from Equifax;
When you opt-in or opt-out to receiving offers and product information from Equifax;
When you enquire about joining Equifax as an employee or contractor;
When you provide us with information, either through our websites or our representatives or otherwise.
4. The kinds of, and purposes for which Equifax collects, holds, uses and discloses Personal Information
Equifax collects Personal Information for a variety of different purposes.
This includes publicly available information for use in our Commercial Risk & Information Services and in some of our services, including NTD and Data-driven Marketing. The publicly available information we collect includes:
Court judgements
Bankruptcy, debt agreement and personal insolvency information
Directorship & Proprietorship information
Office holder details, shareholdings and other extracts and documents from ASIC
Telephone directory information
Pre-2004 Electoral Roll information
In limited circumstances, we may be required by law to collect Personal Information about you.
We may create identifiers in relation to Personal Information collected and held by us, for our identity management purposes.
We collect, hold, use and/or disclose your Personal Information for the purposes of carrying on our various businesses.
Generally, Personal Information is used and disclosed for the purposes for which it was collected, a related secondary purpose, or where you have consented to the use or disclosure.  For example, we may use Personal Information collected for the secondary purposes of our identity management and managing the accuracy of our data sets.
In accordance with the Act, Equifax may disclose your Personal Information to third parties who are customers of one of our businesses. Equifax may also disclose your Personal Information to:
service providers, including data storage providers, call centre operations, technology and operations support providers, who assist us with providing products and services and conducting our business activities (and those service providers may in turn provide us with Personal Information collected from you in the course of providing the relevant product or service);
professional service providers and advisors who perform functions on our behalf, such as lawyers;
external dispute resolution schemes;
access seekers as contemplated and permitted by the Privacy Act;
our related companies;
other third parties where it is necessary to enable us to provide a product or service;
referees or employers whose details you have provided to us (for example, information about persons who have applied for a job at Equifax is disclosed with their consent to their employer or referee as part of the employment application process); and
where otherwise permitted by law.
There may be other circumstances where we are required or authorised by law to disclose your Personal Information to someone, for example to an Ombudsman, tribunal, court, law enforcement agency or government department.
Service
Type of Personal Information we collect
Purpose for which we collect, hold, use and disclose
Consumer Risk & Identity
For details about our Consumer Credit Risk business, please refer to our
Credit Policy
.
For Identity Solutions purposes we collect:
Publicly available identity information
NTD identity information
Electoral Roll information from 2004
We use a range of information for our Identity Solutions. Where identity verification is for AML/CTF for reporting entities, Equifax will use Electoral Roll information in accordance with the Electoral Act 1918 (Cth).
For this and other verification purposes disclosure is limited to indicating whether there is a match between the information provided and the information on Equifax's database.
For fraud detection purposes we collect a range of information including identity information to help detect identity theft and other fraud.
The use and disclosure of Personal Information for fraud detection is subject to controls and is for investigative related purposes.
For Collection Services purposes we collect:
Name and address information; and
Publicly available information.
The use and disclosure of Personal Information for collection services will vary according to the type of organisation requesting the information.
We also collect commercial credit reporting information, as detailed below, which is used in our collection services for the collection of commercial credit defaults.
Commercial credit providers will be able to access commercial credit information as well as publicly available information for collection purposes.
Other users of our collection services, such as mercantile agents, have access to publicly available information to assist them in collecting debts owed to their clients.
Commercial Risk & Information Services
We collect a range of Personal Information for the purposes of operating a commercial credit bureau including:
Full name
Latest and previous addresses including postcode
Date of birth
Contact numbers
Driver’s Licence
Gender
Current and Previous Employment information
Enquiries made in relation to commercial credit or for risk assessment purposes
Information relating to accounts you have defaulted on including those where you have gone guarantor
Information relating to other debts or obligations you have failed to pay
Information about your outstanding Commercial tax debts
Information about commercial credit providers with whom you have a credit relationship
Business phone numbers
Business email addresses, and
Publicly available information as described above
We collect this information in order to provide Commercial Risk and Information services to our customers.  As such we may provide this information to:
Commercial credit providers
Trade credit providers
Consumer credit providers
General insurers
Factors
Organisations conducting a risk assessment on an organisation of which you are a director, owner, partner, shareholder or employee, and
Organisations conducting property checks
For MOGOplus, Equifax Affordability and Tenant Affordability Check purposes we collect:
Your name and email address, details of your nominated institution(s), accounts and other application or contact information submitted by you to the provider to whom you wish to provide verification information (including, in the case of Tenant Affordability Check, the platform provider through whom you submit a tenancy application), or to us.
Account details and account transaction information from your nominated financial institution(s).
In the case of MOGOplus, details of your Centrelink account as they are listed on your Centrelink account statements, including your Customer Reference Number (or “CRN”), name, address, date of birth, marital status and number of dependents, Centrelink payment types, payment amounts, last date paid and the date you received the last payment
Technical navigation information, such as device used to complete the verification, required to diagnose data collection issues.
MOGOplus services and Equifax Affordability collect Personal Information for the purposes of providing the MOGOplus income and affordability verification services and Equifax Affordability to you and your provider to whom you wish to provide verification information. Personal Information collected will be disclosed on your behalf to your provider to conduct income and affordability verification.
Tenant Affordability Check services collect Personal Information for the purposes of providing the tenant affordability check services to you and the platform provider through whose platform you have submitted a tenancy application. Personal Information collected will be disclosed on your behalf to the platform provider, for on-disclosure to the property manager to whom you have submitted a tenancy application, to conduct income and affordability verification.
We may also use and disclose de-identified, aggregated account information collected through MOGOplus and Tenant Affordability Check for analytical and research purposes.
In order to provide the National Tenancy Database we collect Personal Information which include:
Name
Date of Birth
Driver’s Licence
Passport Details
Medicare Card Number
Latest Address including postcode
Previous Addresses including postcode
Property Details including rental costs
Bank account details
Email address
Home/ Mobile phone number
In the case of NTD we collect information for the purpose of
provision of services to property managers and real estate agents and for risk assessment and risk management purposes
provision of services to your landlord, your landlord’s lawyer, mortgagee or insurer
organisations or trades people required to carry out maintenance to the premises you lease
rental bond authorities or rental bond insurance providers
residential tenancy tribunals and other relevant bodies as required
mercantile agents
provision of information to credit providers to assist utilities collection
provision of such information to other entities within Equifax
in the case of commercial leases, provision to a credit reporting body for risk assessment purposes.
Personal Solutions and Marketing Services
Equifax provides a number of services to consumers, most notably:
Equifax Credit and Identity services
Car History
Reduce My Bills
In order to provide these services to you we need to collect Personal Information from you which, depending upon the service you have chosen could include:
Name
Date of Birth
Driver’s Licence
Passport Details
Medicare Card Number
Gender
Latest Address including postcode
Previous Addresses including postcode
Occupation
Credit Card details
Bank account details
Email address
Home phone number
Mobile phone number
Fax number
Information about your mobile phone(s), financial cards and PayPal and eBay accounts.
In the case of Equifax Credit and Identity services, and Car History collects information for the purpose of
Provision of services such as providing information about a car or providing you a copy of your credit report
Creating and maintaining your Credit and Identity membership
Creating and maintaining Credit Alerts
Depending on the service selected, monitoring the dark web for information provided during your membership
Equifax does not disclose your Personal Information to third parties unless you have given us your express or implied consent or where required or authorised by law.
In the case of Data-driven Marketing we collect publicly available information as well as other Personal Information such as email address and mobile phone number.
Information that is not publicly available is collected by Data-driven Marketing from you or from third parties who have your consent to use and disclose your Personal Information or from you directly with your consent to the subsequent use and disclosure of that information.
We primarily collect information directly from you when you register to receive offers from us when you answer our questionnaires, and when you enter our competitions.
Depending on the source, the types of Personal Information we collect could include:
Name
Date of Birth
Gender
Address including postcode
Email address
Home phone number
Mobile phone number.
Data-driven Marketing collect your Personal information for a variety of reasons including:
To evaluate and improve our service, and provide you with a more personalised service;
To provide you with information about the products and services we offer, including letting you know about competitions and promotions;
To conduct market research;
To pass on to selected third parties so they can contact you by mail, telephone, sms, email or otherwise with offers, promotions, marketing or information which may be of interest to you;
As part of working with other organisation to offer co-branded promotion. We will share your responses with the Sponsors to assist them in providing you with more targeted communications.
For further information about the other purposes for which Data-driven Marketing uses and discloses Personal Information refer to the
Data-driven Marketing Privacy Policy
Reduce My Bills collects:
Name;
State;
Contact Number;
Email address; and
Service(s) interest
when you contact us or request that we contact you in connection with electricity & gas, phone, internet and pay TV connections.
Reduce My Bills collects, uses and discloses your Personal Information when you contact us or request that we contact you in connection with electricity & gas, phone, internet and pay TV connections.
Equifax HR Solutions
Equifax HR Solutions provides HR platform systems and other workforce data management services across the employment cycle to businesses and individuals under the following key products:
fit2work
Equifax Human Resources Platform (formerly known as eRecruit and ePerformance)
eCredential
Equifax Verification Exchange®
The Privacy Policy and relevant Collection Statements governing the Equifax HR Solutions systems and services are accessible at
here
.
What happens if you don't provide your information?
You can choose not to supply your Personal Information, however, if Equifax does not collect your Personal Information as requested, you may not be able to:
use or navigate our websites;
access Ourits products or services;
Communicate with us regarding your queries or concerns;
Or taken advantage of products or services we provide you either directly or through third parties.to or in connection with you.
Disclosures Overseas
In limited circumstances, Equifax may disclose or provide access to your Personal Information to overseas entities. We do this for example where we have engaged overseas entities to provide Equifax support services (including technology, operations and customer support) where they need to access Personal Information held by us in order to provide the services. The countries in which the entities are located include, but are not limited to: the USA, Chile, the Philippines, India, Costa Rica and Ireland. Where those entities process your Personal Information, they do so only for a permitted purpose on behalf of Equifax and in accordance with its instructions. Equifax retains control over and remains fully responsible for your Personal Information and uses appropriate safeguards as required by applicable law to ensure the integrity and security of your Personal Information as part of any such engagement.
Equifax uses cloud service providers for data storage and processing which means that your Personal Information, other than credit information, may be held in overseas locations.
Equifax may disclose your Personal Information to its overseas customers when it provides services to those customers.
Equifax also provides certain support services to its related entities in New Zealand. It may collect, disclose or use your Personal Information supplied by those entities to provide the services.
As part of a global group providing services to customers and in dealing with our customer relationships, Equifax may also disclose or provide access to Personal Information (other than credit information) of an organisation’s employees, contractors or other service providers to overseas entities. This occurs, for example, where we have engaged overseas entities to provide services (including technology, operations, billing, administrative and customer support) to us, and they need to access that Personal Information to provide those services.By dealing with us, an organisation or other business entity acknowledges that these service arrangements may result in Personal Information provided by it or collected about individuals being disclosed to or used by an overseas recipient and that:
the overseas recipient may not be required to protect that Personal Information in a way that provides comparable safeguards to those required under the Privacy Act;
the overseas recipient may be subject to a foreign law that could compel the disclosure of Personal Information to a third party, such as an overseas authority (for example, under legislation to intercept cyber traffic or obstruct terrorism), and the individual may not be able to seek any redress in that overseas jurisdiction; and
that it is satisfied that the disclosure and use of Personal Information is consistent with its own privacy policy and privacy obligations.
5. Your Right of Access
You have the right to access your Personal Information Equifax holds on you and to have incorrect information amended.
If you would like to obtain a copy of your Personal Information Equifax holds please contact us as below:
How to obtain copy of
Contact Details
Your Consumer Risk & Identity, Commercial Risk, insurance information and/or Personal Solutions services such as requesting a copy of your Consumer or Commercial Credit Report
Mail:
Equifax – Public Access
Equifax Australia Information Services and Solutions Pty Limited
GPO Box 964
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Online:
https://www.equifax.com.au/understanding-your-credit-file
Your Personal Information held by Reduce My Bills
Phone:
1300 680 603
Your tenancy information held by NTD
Online:
https://www.tenancydatabase.com.au/contact-us
Your Personal Information held by CarHistory
Phone:
1300 921 621
Mail:
CarHistory
PO Box 966
North Sydney, NSW 2059
Online:
https://www.carhistory.com.au/contact-us
Your Personal Information held by Workforce Solutions, under fit2work Equifax HR Solutions
Mail:
Equifax Australasia HR Solutions Pty Limited
Locked Bag 965
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Phone:
1300 525 525
Online:
https://www.equifax.com.au/fit2work/for-you/contact
Email:
support@fit2work.com.au
Your Personal Information held by Workforce Solutions, under Verification Exchange
Mail:
Verification Exchange
Locked Bag 965
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Email:
support.au.ve@equifax.com
Your Personal Information held by Data-driven Marketing
Equifax Australia Marketing Services Pty Limited
GPO Box 13294
BRISBANE QLD 4001
Email:
customercomplaintsAU@equifax.com
Your Personal Information held by Corporate Scorecard
Financial Viability and Ratings
Phone:
02 7259 1103
Email:
efvradmin@equifax.com
Residential Builders Agency (Agent of icare HBCF)
Phone:
02 9465 8035
Email:
hbcf@corporatescorecard.com.au
Independent Construction Industry Ratings Tool (iCIRT)
Phone:
1300 713 577
Email:
info@buildrating.com
Your Personal Information held by eTrace
Phone:
1300 748 215
Online:
https://www.vedaetrace.com.au/about/contact
Your MOGOplus or Tenant Affordability Check Personal Information held by Equifax Australia Commercial Services and Solutions Pty Limited
Equifax – Public Access
Equifax Australia Commercial Services and Solutions Pty Limited
GPO Box 964
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Phone:
13 8332
Equifax may charge you a fee for providing you with a copy of your Personal Information that Equifax holds on you.
6. Your right to request a correction of Personal Information or make a complaint
You have the right to correct any Personal Information Equifax holds on you that is incorrect.
We will investigate and deal with your correction request in a fair, efficient and timely manner.
To correct your Personal Information you can contact us as below:
Type of information
Contact Details
Your Consumer Risk & Identity, Commercial Risk, insurance information and/or Personal Solutions such as correcting information contained in your Consumer or Commercial Credit Report
Mail:
Equifax – Public Access
Equifax Australia Information Services and Solutions Pty Limited
GPO Box 964
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Online:
Equifax Corrections Portal
Your Personal Information held by Reduce My Bills
Phone:
1300 680 603
Your tenancy information held by NTD
Online:
Equifax Corrections Portal
Your Personal Information held by CarHistory
Phone:
1300 921 621
Mail:
CarHistory
PO Box 966
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Australia
Online:
https://www.carhistory.com.au/contact-us
Your Personal Information held by Workforce Solutions, under fit2work
Mail:
Equifax Australasia Workforce Solutions Pty Limited
Locked Bag 965
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Email:
support@fit2work.com.au
Your Personal Information held by Workforce Solutions, under Verification Exchange
Phone:
1300 575 575
Mail:
Equifax Australasia Workforce Solutions Pty Limited
Locked Bag 965
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Email:
support.au.ve@equifax.com
Your Personal Information held by Data-driven Marketing or information collected in connection with third party online behavioural advertising
Equifax Australia Marketing Services Pty Limited
GPO Box 13294
BRISBANE QLD 4001
Email:
customercomplaintsAU@equifax.com
Your Personal Information held by eTrace
Phone:
1300 748 215
Online:
https://www.vedaetrace.com.au/about/contact
Your Personal Information held by Corporate Scorecard
Financial Viability and Ratings
Phone:
02 7259 1103
Email:
efvradmin@equifax.com
Residential Builders Agency (Agent of icare HBCF)
Phone:
02 9465 8035
Email:
hbcf@corporatescorecard.com.au
Independent Construction Industry Ratings Tool (iCIRT)
Phone:
1300 713 577
Email:
info@buildrating.com
Your MOGOplus or Tenant Affordability Check Personal Information held by Equifax Australia Commercial Services and Solutions Pty Limited
Equifax – Public Access
Equifax Australia Commercial Services and Solutions Pty Limited
GPO Box 964
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Phone:
13 8332
7. Your right to make a complaint
If you have a dispute about Personal Information held by Equifax and covered by this policy, we will investigate and provide you with a formal written response, generally, within 30 days. Where we determine that no amendment to your Personal Information is required you have the right to add a statement to your file.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of Equifax’s correction investigation or would like to make a complaint about how we have handled your Personal Information, please contact our Customer Resolutions Team (CRT)
Online by completing the
online form
Mail: Customer Resolutions Team PO Box 13294 Brisbane QLD 4001
In order for Equfaix to address your request you will need to provide the following information:
name;
date of birth;
current address;
previous address;
driver licence details; and
sufficiently detail your matter including any reference numbers and relevant supporting documentation
Our CRT team will investigate your matter and contact you to attempt to resolve the matter directly.
We want to do everything we can to resolve your matter, so it's important that you first raise it with our CRT team.  Raising your matter with us directly will often result in a quicker resolution. Once we have investigated your complaint, we will write to you setting out the outcome of that investigation.
If you are still not satisfied with our response, you may contact the external dispute resolution scheme of which we are a member, the Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA). AFCA recommends that you raise your concerns with us before you do so with them.
How to contact AFCA:
Online:
http://www.afca.org.au
Email:
info@afca.org.au
Phone:
1800 931 678
Mail:
Australian Financial Complaints Authority,
GPO Box 3
Melbourne VIC 3001
When contacting AFCA, we suggest you include the following:
An overview of your concerns;
a detailed timeline/chronology of events
copies of any correspondence with our Customer Resolutions Team and the credit provider (if relating to Credit Reporting).
You may also make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
Complaints must be in writing and you can contact the OAIC via the methods below:
Online:
http://www.oaic.gov.au/
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Fax:
1300 363 992
Mail:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 2001
When contacting the OAIC, we suggest you include the following:
An overview of your concerns;
a detailed timeline/chronology of events
copies of any correspondence with our Customer Resolutions Team and , if applicable, the credit provider.
8. Use of Personal Information for Marketing Purposes
For specific information regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information by Data-driven Marketing for marketing purposes, please refer to
Data-driven Marketing’s Privacy Policy
. The information which follows is of general application to Equifax and is subject to those policies.
Equifax collects information to provide its customers and individuals with a large variety of services.  Sometimes different entities within Equifax will contact individuals to market Equifax services.  Generally, marketing by Equifax of its services to individuals is based on the consent of the individual to that marketing.
This may, depending on the consent provided, include promotional material including but not limited to communications of the following kind:
Newsletters;
Competitions;
Surveys, or
Promotions on existing or new products.
Equifax may do so by using a variety of channels including:
electronic means such as emails, SMS, MMS or similar devices;
hardcopy to your nominated address; and
subject to our
Do Not Contact Register
.
Equifax may, at any time, disclose your information to its clients, where you have provided consent, for marketing purposes so they can send you marketing information similar to the above.
At all times you are free to choose not to receive some or all of the marketing communications sent by Equifax or on Equifax's behalf. To opt out of third party marketing, you can opt out by registering  on our
Do Not Contact Register
.  To opt out of marketing specific to an Equifax product or entity, refer below:
Equifax Entity
Source of Consent
Contact Details
Equifax Credit and Identity services
If you provided consent via Equifax Credit & Identity services.
Online:
via updating your preferences within the Your Credit & Identity portal
Mail:
Equifax Australia Information Services and Solutions Pty Limited
GPO Box 964
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Data-driven Marketing
If you received marketing material from a customer of Data-driven Marketing.
Mail:
Equifax Australia Marketing Services Pty Limited
GPO Box 13294
BRISBANE QLD 4001
Email:
customercomplaintsAU@equifax.com
CarHistory
If you were or are a customer of CarHistory and provided your consent.
Phone:
1300 921 621
Mail:
CarHistory
GPO Box 966
NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059
Online:
https://www.carhistory.com.au/contact-us
NTD
If you were or are a customer of National Tenancy Database and provided your consent through a real estate agent.
Online:
https://www.tenancydatabase.com.au/contact-us
Corporate Scorecard
If you have consented to receiving emails from Corporate Scorecard about its products and services.
Financial Viability and Ratings
Phone:
02 7259 1103
Email:
efvradmin@equifax.com
Residential Builders Agency (Agent of icare HBCF)
Phone:
02 9465 8035
Email:
hbcf@corporatescorecard.com.au
Independent Construction Industry Ratings Tool (iCIRT)
Phone:
1300 713 577
Email:
info@buildrating.com
Equifax HR Solutions
If you have consented to receiving emails from Fit2Work or HR Solutions about its products and services.
Online:
via updating your preferences within the Fit2work portal
Mail:
Equifax Australasia Workforce Solutions Pty Limited
Locked Bag 965
NORH SYDNEY  NSW  2059
Email:
support@fit2work.com.au
9. Government Identifiers and Sensitive Information
We do not adopt as our own identifier any identifier assigned by a Commonwealth or State Government agency.
However, if you are a member of Equifax Credit and Identity services, we retain details of your passport, including your passport number, as part of the services we provide you.  Identity services may also retain your Medicare number, as part of the services we provide to you.
In certain circumstances we may seek evidence of your identity such as passport details, driver’s licence, Medicare number or similar in order to help verify your identity.
The Act describes ‘sensitive information’ as information relating to a person’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion, trade union or other professional or trade association membership, sexual orientation, criminal record, and health information about an individual. Occasionally, it may be necessary for us to collect sensitive information about you. This would only occur when it is necessary for us to collect this information from you in the course of providing our services, or in the limited circumstances permitted under the APPs. For example, Equifax HR Solutions may collect, use, hold and disclose details relating to your criminal record, if applicable, for the purposes of conducting an employment check.
If you or third parties provide us with sensitive information, we will as a matter of policy only use and disclose the information for the purpose for which it was provided or another directly related purpose, unless you agree otherwise, or where required or authorised by law. We will only collect sensitive information with your consent, or where it is required or authorised by law.
10. Job applicants and employees
The Privacy Act provides an exemption for employee records. That is information about an individual if that information directly relates to the act or practice of a current or former employment relationship between an employer and the individual. That exemption may apply in relation to your Personal Information held by us about you as an employee.
Any Personal Information provided to Equifax in connection with job applications may be used to consider you for current and future employment and may be disclosed to our third party advisors to assist us in the selection and recruitment process.
11. How we hold and keep your Personal Information Secure
We hold and keep your Personal Information secure in accordance with the Privacy Act and other relevant legislation. We may hold your Personal Information in paper or other physical form, but it is usually held in electronic form on our systems. To ensure your Personal Information is secure, we use industry standard security and encryption to protect it. Service providers may hold the information for us, such as our data centre providers which have been certified as ISO 27001 compliant. Additionally, we seek to ensure that third parties that we partner with to process your Personal Information demonstrate equally comparable controls to further ensure the security of your Personal Information.
Only authorised employees are granted access to your Personal Information. We train the employees who handle your Personal Information to ensure it is handled appropriately and only made available to employees where necessary. We audit and monitor our employees’ access to, and handling of, Personal Information.
12. Do we collect any other data?
We may collect data regarding users' online activities over time on our online network of internet sites, non-affiliated websites, mobile applications or online services including information that you voluntarily provide to us online or offline, for example in response to surveys or competitions.
We will not combine this data with Personal Information about you for sharing with any third party, nor will we provide it to an advertiser or any other third party without your express consent, or as expressly stated in this policy.
For third party online behavioural advertising, we may disclose any data about your activities which is not Personal Information and does not allow you to be reasonably identifiable to a third party - for example, data associated with a cookie, pixel tag, mobile advertising ID or other tracking code – and permit them to use this data for the purpose of associating that tracking code with your use of our websites, and of third party websites where we or our advertising partners have an arrangement in place to serve ads to you on those third party websites.
We may also collect and use, and permit third parties to collect and use, data from third parties about your online or offline activities, as linked by that third party to that tracking code, to facilitate display of advertisements, goods, services, recommendations or content to you that are selected using inferences as to your preferences or interests.  For example, we may collect information related to demographic, behavioural and usage patterns, referred to as “preference data”.  By targeting ads and content to unidentified individuals (such as you) only if you are within a particular interest or preference segment, targeted advertising and targeted content is intended to be more relevant or useful to you.
For further information about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookies Policy
. You can also manage cookies on your mobile device or in your web browser privacy settings.
13. Big Data and Machine Learning Activities
For some of our business and analytical activities, Equifax may use big data or machine learning capabilities to gather, acquire or obtain information from various sources by lawful and fair means. In very rare and limited circumstances these activities may lead to the creation of Personal Information. For example, when we bring together a large variety of non-identifying information for analysis, an individual may be identified or reasonably identifiable during the analytical process. Similarly, the creation of insights about an identified individual using analytics may lead to the collection of new categories of Personal Information about that individual.
Generally our analytical activities use de-identified and/or aggregated data, but we take reasonable steps to ensure that, to the extent any data is Personal Information, all relevant privacy laws apply to its use and disclosure.
14. Further information about your Privacy rights
For further information about the APPs and application of the Privacy Act please visit the OAIC’s website at
www.oaic.gov.au
.
This policy documents how we manage Personal Information and reflects our obligations under the APPs of the Privacy Act. If you would like information about how we manage Personal Information as a credit reporting body go to our
Credit Reporting Policy
.
This policy is not legal advice and is not intended to replace the rights, duties and obligations a party has under the Privacy Act. Nothing in this policy is intended to create or impose rights, remedies, or obligations additional to those set out in the Privacy Act.
15. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may from time to time update this Privacy Policy including to take into account new laws, regulations, changes to our business and technology. All the Personal Information we hold will be governed by our most recent Privacy Policy located at
https://www.equifax.com.au/privacy
. We encourage you to check this page from time to time for any changes.
Last Update
Last updated: 15 February 2024
phone
Livechat
Sub-policy 2
https://www.nab.com.au/privacy/overseas-countries-list:
Skip to login
Skip to main content
Skip to chat
Privacy policy
How we share your information in overseas countries
How we share your information in overseas countries
Who is the NAB Group?
The NAB Group is a financial services organisation. For almost 160 years, we’ve been helping our customers with their money. Today, we have more than 30,000 people serving 9,000,000 customers at more than 900 locations in Australia, New Zealand and around the world.
Where we operate and share information
The NAB Group operates in the following countries outside Australia:
New Zealand
India
China
Japan
Singapore
Indonesia
Vietnam
the United Kingdom
France
the United States
Your personal information may be shared with NAB Group businesses in those countries.
Sharing information outside the NAB Group
Sometimes we may also need to share your information (including credit information) outside the NAB Group with organisations outside Australia.
These organisations may be located in the following countries:
New Zealand
United Kingdom
Netherlands
France
United States
China
India
The Philippines
Malaysia
Vietnam
Japan
Singapore
Israel
Canada
Switzerland
Ireland
Indonesia
South Africa
For more detail on our privacy practices, see the
NAB Privacy Policy
.
Important information
This section contains Important Information relevant to the page you are viewing, but you can't
							see it because you have JavaScript disabled on your browser. Please enable JavaScript and come
							back so you can see the complete page. It's important that you read the Important
							Information in this section before acting on any information on this page.
Apologies but the Important Information section you are trying to view is not displaying properly
						at the moment. Please refresh the page or try again later.