DECA
SUPPORT.
DECA Support
Policies & Terms of Service
Call me a Gangsta
Terms of Service.
You can contact us by emailing us in writing to support@decagames.com
Area of Application
These terms of use (hereinafter the "
Terms of Use
") apply to all of the games provided by a company of Deca. Deca means the
Deca Live Operations GmbH
, Unter den Linden 21, 10117 Berlin, Germany and its subsidiaries. DECA GAMES EOOD, 15 Tsanko Tserkovski Str., Veliko Tarnovo 5000, Bulgaria is a  subsidiary of Deca.
The user’s contractual partner is the company, (i) which provides the game that the user makes use of, (ii) which is mentioned at the moment the contract is concluded and (iii) which is also mentioned in the legal notice of the website for the game in question (the respective company providing the respective Game hereinafter referred to as "
Deca
", "
we
", "
us
" and "
our
"). In these Terms of Use, the user of these Games is referred to as "
User
/
Users
” or “
you
”.
“Games”
or
“Game”
, for the purpose of these Terms of Use, are all of the online games, browser games, mobile games and any other digital offers of games for any end devices (e.g. PCs, smartphones, tablets, connected devices such as streaming or set-top boxes and smart TVs) and/or online platforms offered by Deca.
The Games may also include, where necessary, any additional services such as the acquisition of Virtual Currency (subject to the provisions of Section 12), which can be exchanged for purchasing digital objects, downloadable content, additional packets, additional functions, server changes, in-game name changes or any other additional functions (jointly:
“Premium Features”
), purchasing subscriptions, purchasing virtual objects in exchange for real currency as well as other additional services, in particular communicating with other players (e.g. forums, chat, user profile pages rankings etc.).
Deca objects to the validity of any general terms and conditions of Users. Any general terms and conditions of users become an integral part of the Agreement only if Deca provided its express consent to them in writing.
Deca may arrange competitions, tournaments, sweepstakes and other special promotions within the Games. These may be subject to separate provisions that the user will be referred to, if required.
Additional game rules, rules for use, participation requirements and communication rules (in these Terms of Use jointly referred to as “
Game Rules
") of the respective Games are published on its websites or in the Games. By your participation, you accept bindingly these Game Rules. If these Terms of Use and the Game Rules are contradictory, these Terms of Use supersede the Game Rules, unless the Game Rules provide specifically for a priority ranking toward the Terms of Use.
Deca can utilize the services of independent third parties for the games (in these Terms of Use referred to as "
Third Party Service
") such as app stores. No Third Party Services are provided by third parties upon the instruction of Deca. Third Party Services are not provided by Deca. Deca or the third party will identify these services in a suitable manner. Any issues in connection with Third Party Services are not affected by these Terms of Use. Deca shall not be responsible for Third Party Services. Third Party Services are potentially subject to their providers' general terms and conditions. The user’s contractual partner for Third Party Services is the third-party provider in question.
Applications for mobile devices (such as smartphones and tablets) and connected devices (together referred to as "
Apps
") are generally not directly provided by Deca but by a third party provider (hereinafter "
App Store
"). A separate user account of the User in the respective App Store may be necessary for this purpose. Game scores, high scores and achievements/accomplishments or in-app-purchases (jointly referred to as "
Game Scores
") are potentially tied to the Apps installed on the used mobile device or connected device and these cannot be transferred. When the User deletes the App and subsequently re-installs the App or changes the mobile device or the connected device and subsequently re-installs the App, the User has no claim against Deca for transferring the Game Scores to the other mobile device or connected device. Deca does not warrant that Game Scores achieved by playing on mobile data connections and/or mobile devices and/or connected devices are equivalent. In particular, graphic quality, sound quality and response times of a Game may be worse than playing via stationary data connections and/or stationary terminal devices. Certain functions and contents may not be available.
By clicking the "Accept" button when you register for an Account to use any of our Games, and/or clicking the "Accept" button when prompted when you first log in to indicating your acceptance when they are presented to you, you agree that these Terms of Use shall bind you legally. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you must not use the respective Game.
We offer the Games only to consumers and your use is limited to non-commercial purposes. It is prohibited to use our Games for commercial purposes. Any participation in a Game is for entertainment purposes only.
We recommend that you keep a copy of these Terms of Use for your future reference.
Changes to these Terms
We reserve the right to change or expand these Terms of Use at any time effective in the future, provided it seems necessary and it does not affect you and/or your rights adversely under the principle of equity and good faith. In particular, any changes in the legal environment may require a change of these Terms of Use. Moreover, any new court decisions constitute a change in the legal situation. Any changes and advancements of our Games may necessitate a change or an amendment to these Terms of Use.
Any change or amendment will be announced in a suitable manner prior to its effective date. In general, the information about the modification of the Terms of Use is announced by e-mail or on the websites of our Games or in our Games but in any case, the next time you log into your account.
You have the right to object to any change or amendment after the date of publication and possibility of acknowledgment. In case of a objection, both Parties are entitled to an extraordinary right to terminate the Agreement in accordance with the termination provisions specified in this Agreement. Other rights to terminate shall be unaffected thereby. If you do not object within the objection period or if you continue to use a Game, then the change or amendment is deemed accepted and becomes an integral element of the Agreement.
We will inform you specifically of the changes in the Terms of Use and the possibility to object and cancel, of the deadline and the legal consequences, particularly the consequences of non-objection.
Users eligible to participate and Minimum Age Requirements
You confirm that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and hereby agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, or, if you are not, you confirm that you have obtained parental or guardian consent to enter into these Terms of Use. You must be at least 16 years of age to use our Games, including to submit any personal data to us through or in connection with your use of our Games. If you are a parent or guardian and you provide your consent to your child's use of or access to our Games, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use in respect of your child's use of the respective Game and agree that any payments authorized by your child will be your sole responsibility.
As soon as an underage User uses his/her Account after having become an adult, then all contracts concluded before becoming an adult in connection with his/her Account shall be deemed to have been approved.
We are entitled to request at any time written proof of your legal age or the written consent of your legal guardian.
Accounts / Conclusion of Agreement
In order to use a Game, you must register for an account with us (the "
Account
") and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the Account registration form. You agree that you have no ownership or proprietary interest in your Account.
The registration information you submit must be truthful, accurate and complete. If for any reason any information you submit becomes untruthful, inaccurate and/or incomplete, you agree that you will update that information on your Account. If any information you provide is or becomes untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, Deca has the right to terminate your access to and use of your Account and the Deca Service. Deca is entitled but not obliged to verify the accuracy of your information. This may be done by Deca requesting documents to prove your identity such as a personal ID card. Deca is entitled to make the creation of an Account subject to such verification.
By sending your registration, you send an offer to conclude a user agreement with us (in these Terms of Use referred to as "
User Application
”). However, this does not conclude an agreement. The Agreement is only concluded upon our acceptance of the User Application. Deca confirms access to the User Application by sending an electronic mail to the e-mail address specified by the User. The confirmation of receipt is not an acceptance of the User Application. The acceptance of the User Application can be made in connection with the confirmation of access if expressly carried out that way. In addition, the acceptance can be expressly confirmed outside the confirmation of receipt or by the first deed of performance by us. There is no entitlement to the conclusion of an agreement to establish an Account, to the participation in Games or to the use of Virtual Currency or Premium Features.
You can delete your Account at any time, for any reason, by emailing us at privacy@decagames.com with the subject "Close My Account".
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account log-in information, including your username and password. You must not share your Account log-in information with any third party. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your Account or through the use of your username and password, including any purchase of Virtual Currency, whether or not authorized by you or without your knowledge.
You are responsible for ensuring that any username you select does not infringe any third-party rights or is unlawful. Your selection and use of a particular username do not give you any ownership or rights in that username. Deca may refuse to grant you a username in its sole discretion for any reason, including, without limitation, if it is illegal or offensive, if it impersonates or implies an association with another person.
You must promptly change your password and notify us via the support center at https://support.decagames.com if you suspect or become aware of any unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security.
You may not use anyone else's account or permit anyone else to use your Account for any reason, at any time. You agree that Deca will not be liable to you for any loss you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account. You also agree that you will be liable for any loss that Deca or any third party may incur as a result of someone else using your Account caused by a culpable act or failure to act of you.
You agree to pay all fees for the purchase of Virtual Currency and/or Premium Features (hereinafter “
Fees
”) incurred by your Account, including any applicable taxes. You agree that Deca may amend the Fees payable for the Deca Service and may add new products and services for additional Fees and charges at any time in its sole discretion. You agree that there are no refunds for payments made through your Account.
You are prohibited from transferring your Account to third parties without our prior written consent. Any transfer consent of us does not entitle to transfer the Account for a remuneration provided this has not been expressly permitted in the consent. The same applies to individual characters/game figures/avatars, which you have created within our Games.
If you violated culpably your contractual duties of these Terms of Use, then Deca is entitled to block the access to your Account temporarily after prior warning letter (at least via e-mail or game chat) and the threat of blocking the Account. By blocking the Account, you lose access to your Account. Any warning threatening to block the Account can be foregone, if there are special circumstances that justify the immediate block of the access in consideration of mutual interests. The provisions of this Section 4.11 do not limit the termination right of Deca – particularly the right to terminate effective immediately – in accordance with Section 16. In addition, they do not limit the right of Deca to exercise the virtual domiciliary right.
Grant of License
Deca grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited, revocable license to use or Games for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes, subject to these Terms of Use.
Deca does not grant you any other express or implied rights or license in or to our Games, and all right title and interest that Deca has in its Games not explicitly granted to you by Deca or its licensors are retained by Deca or its licensors.
You acknowledge that you have no right to have access to our Games in source code form or in unlocked coding or any other human-readable form.
We reserve the right to modify, suspend or discontinue our Games and the license granted to you in whole or in part at any time, with or without notice. You agree that Deca shall not be liable to you or to any third party for such modification, suspension or discontinuation.
You must not otherwise transfer a Game to any other person or share a Game with any other person.
Restrictions of use for our Games
Your right to use our Games is subject to the restrictions listed below. Except as expressly set out in these Terms of Use or as permitted by any local law, you undertake:
not to use our Games for any commercial purpose, or for any purpose that is fraudulent or otherwise unlawful;
not to interfere with the operation or fair play of the Games and to comply with our Acceptable Use Policy (acc. to Section 9 below);
not to copy the whole or any part of our Games, except where such copying is incidental to the normal use of the Game for its intended purposes, or where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up or operational security;
not to reproduce, republish, reuse, upload, post, transmit or distribute any content presented in or provided by our Games, including without limitation for public or commercial purposes, including any text, images, audio and video;
not to rent, lease, sub-license, loan, distribute, time-share, translate, merge, adapt, vary or modify the whole or any part of our Games;
not to make alterations to, or modifications of, the whole or any part of our Games, or permit a Game or any part of it to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other product or service;
not to disassemble, decompile, reverse-engineer, derive any code or algorithms or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of our Games or attempt to do any such thing except to the extent such activities are permitted under applicable law;
not to sell, resell, link to, exploit, provide or otherwise make available the whole or any part of our Games (including object and source code), in any form to any person without prior written consent from us;
not to remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from our Games, and to include our copyright notice on any copies you make of our Games on any medium; and
that you are responsible for obtaining and have obtained any and all necessary authorizations, consents and permissions, including from any third party, to the extent that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise process personal data using our Games.
You may not utilize any ancillary means, which maliciously modify the Game Score or the game process (specifically so-called "bots", "hacks" or "cheats"). In addition, you may not offer or promote such ancillary means. In particular, you are prohibited from using third party software or other applications to obtain Virtual Currency, Premium Features or other benefits such as the systematic or automatic control of our Games or of individual functions of our Games. The same applies to the intentional utilization of program errors ("exploits") for one's own benefit.
Intellectual Property Rights
Our Games (including all information and materials that we provide on or through our Games, including without limitation any data, text, pictures, graphics, audio, video, icons, games, software and upgrades, links and other content and features, and any upgrades, enhancements and/or modifications thereto) are protected by and embodies copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, moral rights, privacy rights, rights of publicity, and other intellectual property and proprietary rights (together, "
Intellectual Property Rights
").
You acknowledge that the Games and the Intellectual Property Rights embodied in or relating to it anywhere in the world are and shall remain the property of Deca and/or its licensors, that rights in the Games are licensed (not sold) to you, and that you have no rights in, or to, the Games other than the right to use the Games in accordance with these Terms of Use.
You acknowledge that you have no right to have access to all or any part of the Games in source code form.
User Content
“
User Content
” means any and all information and content or materials such as text, graphics, images, music, sound effects, photographs or other materials that you submit, post or transmit on or using a Game or any other service provided by Deca (together “
Deca Service
”), including through any ratings, comments, blogs, forums, email or other features. You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or use by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that personally identifies you or any third party. You agree that you own all User Content that you post and that you do not need any permission from any third party to post your User Content. You agree that you will not misrepresent the source, identity or content of any information sent, posted, transmitted or made available via the Deca Service (such as claiming that you own or created User Content or other work that is not actually yours).
How User Content cannot be used
: You confirm and promise to us, that your User Content does not and will not violate our Acceptable Use Policy (see below at Section 9). You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by Deca. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the Acceptable Use Policy.
Backing up User Content
: Deca is not obligated to backup any User Content, and your User Content may be deleted at any time without prior notice – accordingly we recommend you to store and backup copies elsewhere. You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your own backup copies of your User Content if you desire.
License for Deca to use your User Content
: So that we can operate the Deca Service, and host and display your User Content (including by incorporating your User Content into the Deca Service) you grant (and confirm and represent to us that you have the right to grant) us a license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content on the basis that such license is:
irrevocable – once agreed, you cannot remove or restrict our right to use your User Content as described above;
non-exclusive – you and, if you let them, other people can use your User Content;
royalty-free and fully-paid – we don’t have to pay you or any other party (either now or in the future) to use your User Content in the fashion described above;
worldwide – we can use your User Content in the fashion described above anywhere in the world; and
sub-licensable – you allow us to authorize other businesses and individuals to use the license described above, for the purposes of including your User Content as part of the Deca Service.
Moral rights waiver
: To the extent legally possible according to the applicable law, you hereby irrevocably waive (and agree to cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.
Do not send us confidential information in User Content
: Please note that the User Content you provide to us or make available on or through the Deca Service will not be treated as confidential information – accordingly, you agree not to submit to us any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. You acknowledge that your communications with other users via the Deca Service are public and not private communications, and that you have no expectation of privacy in respect of such communications. Any personal data you submit via ratings, comments, blogs, forums, email or other features of the Deca Service may be seen and used by other users. We strongly encourage you not to disclose your personal data via such ratings, comments, blogs, forums, email or other features. Deca is not responsible for any confidential information (including personal data) you communicate in this way.
Monitoring
: You agree that we have no obligation to monitor User Content that you or any other person provides or makes available on or through the Deca Service. However, you agree that we may in our absolute discretion, monitor, alter, remove or refuse to post any such User Content for any reason. The opinions expressed in User Content reflect solely the opinion(s) of the user and do not necessarily reflect the opinion(s) of Deca. We are not responsible for the accuracy, truthfulness or completeness of any User Content and we will not be liable to you for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on such User Content.
Acceptable Use Policy
With regard to the protection of our reputation and third-party rights, you agree not to use a Game in any way:
that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right;
that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortuous, threatening, harmful, invasive of another's privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or is otherwise objectionable;
that is harmful to minors in any way; or
that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party.
With regard to the protection of our systems, you agree not to:
use any features of a Game for anything other than their intended purpose, including exploiting any glitches for personal gain;
interfere with, disable, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to a Game, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks;
attempt to gain unauthorized access or provide automated access to or use of a Game (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with a Game), whether through password mining, unauthorized scripts, scrapers or offline readers or any other means;
attempt to impersonate another person or entity, including (without limitation) any representative of Deca;
stalk, harass, interfere with, restrict or inhibit any other user's use and enjoyment of the Games, including by bullying, grieving, shouting, flooding or using excessively large images so that the screen goes by too fast to read;
use software or automated agents or scripts to produce multiple accounts our Games, or to generate automated searches, requests, or queries to our Games, or to strip, scrape, or mine data from our Games; or interfere with or disable any security-related features of our Games;
make improper use of our support services, including by submitting false abuse reports; or
assist, permit or encourage any person to perform any of the activities described above.
The automatic establishment or registration of accounts or registrations to our Games is not permitted. Automated login is prohibited. Only the official clients and websites provided by Deca may be used to connect to the servers of our Games. You may not create, support, host, link or provide any other options, which can be used by another person to play our Games, such as server emulators.
We reserve the right to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of these Terms of Use or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. The action we take will be determined by us acting in our sole discretion. Examples of action that we might take could include, terminating these Terms of Use and your right to use our Games, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities or relevant rights holder.
Feedback
If you provide Deca with any feedback or suggestions regarding our Games ("
Feedback
"), you hereby transfer to Deca all rights in such Feedback. You also agree that Deca shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner it considers appropriate.
Do not send us confidential information or personal data in Feedback. Please note that the Feedback you provide to us will not be treated as confidential information - accordingly, you agree not to submit to us any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
Third Party Links & Ads
Our Games may make available access to information, products, services and other materials made available by third parties, including links to third-party websites and services, and/or display advertisements for third parties (collectively, "
Third Party Links & Ads
"). By using such functionality, you are directing us to access, route and transmit to you the applicable Third Party Links & Ads.
Where our Games contain links to Third Party Links & Ads, these links are provided for your information and convenience only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. We do not review, approve, endorse, control or make any promises with respect to Third Party Links & Ads, including the accuracy, validity, timeliness, completeness, reliability, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness or safety of Third Party Links & Ads, or any intellectual property rights therein. Certain Third Party Links & Ads may, among other things, be inaccurate, misleading or deceptive. Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to be a representation or warranty by Deca with respect to any Third Party Links & Ads. We have no obligation to monitor Third Party Links & Ads, and we may block or disable access to any Third Party Links & Ads (in whole or part) through our Games at any time. In addition, the availability of any Third Party Links & Ads through our Games does not imply our endorsement of, or our affiliation with, any provider of such Third Party Links & Ads.
You use all Third Party Links & Ads at your own risk, and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. When you click on any of the Third Party Links & Ads, the applicable third party's terms and policies (including terms of use and privacy policies) apply, no these Terms of Use.
Virtual Currency
What is Virtual Currency
: Our Games may include fictional credits or currency, which we also sometimes refer to as "gold", "gems", "points" or "coins" or similar. These are collectively known as "
Virtual Currency
". Deca reserves the right to charge Fees for the right to access or use Virtual Currency, and/or may distribute Virtual Currency without charge, in its sole discretion.
License to use Virtual Currency
: Deca grants to you a license to use Virtual Currency as part of our Games in accordance with Section 5 of these Terms of Use. You agree that you have no other right, title or ownership in or to any Virtual Currency.
No monetary value
: Virtual Currency has no cash value and is not redeemable for any sum of money. You agree that neither Deca nor any other person has – subject to Section 16 - any obligation to exchange your Virtual Currency for anything of value, including without limitation, real money. You also agree that if your access to one or more of our Games is suspended or terminated, or if Deca discontinues any or all of its Games, the Virtual Currency and your Account will have no value.
Non-refundable and non-exchangeable
: All purchases of Virtual Currency are final and are not refundable, transferable or exchangeable. Subject to Section 18, by purchasing Virtual Currency, you confirm that you want the Virtual Currency credited to your Account immediately and that by doing so you lose any cancellation rights under applicable laws, including but not limited to the EU Consumer Rights Directive (2011/83/EU) and/or any national laws implementing it.
Management of Virtual Currency
: We have the right to manage, modify and/or remove Virtual Currency from our Games in our sole discretion at any time, and shall have no liability to you or anyone else for the exercise of such rights. Deca reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to make all calculations regarding the balance of Virtual Currency available to you and to determine the amount of Virtual Currency that is credited and debited in connection with your use of our Games. Deca's determination of the amount of Virtual Currency available to you is final, unless you can provide documentation to Deca that such calculation was or is intentionally incorrect.
Unauthorized Transactions
: The unauthorized transferring, trading, selling, or exchanging of any Virtual Currency ("
Unauthorized Transactions
") to anyone, including to other users of our Games is prohibited. You hereby agree to indemnify Deca against any and all consequences resulting from any Unauthorized Transactions. You agree that Deca may stop, suspend, terminate, discontinue, or reverse any Unauthorized Transaction for any reason in its sole discretion (including where it is in Deca's best interest to do so and where the Unauthorized Transaction is or may be fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of these Terms) or may debit your balance of Virtual Currency, including where this may cause your balance to be zero and/or a negative amount. Deca may also suspend, terminate or modify your right to use one or more of our Games if you engage or assist in, or if Deca suspects you may have engaged or assisted in, any Unauthorized Transaction.
Transaction information
:
You may be asked to supply certain information to us or our third-party payment providers in connection with any transaction involving Virtual Currency including, without limitation, your name, credit card number, and your billing address.
By initiating a transaction, you confirm that you have the legal right to use the payment means selected by you. By submitting such information, you grant us the right to use such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, by providing such information to third parties (including, without limitation, to Suraway Ltd.) for the purpose of facilitating the completion of transactions initiated by you or on your behalf. Our receipt of verification of information from them or their designee(s) is required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any transaction.
Deca is not responsible or liable to you for any credit card or bank-related charges and fees related to your transactions through a Games.
Our Liability
If Deca requires payment of a Fee for Virtual Currency, Premium Features or other services of Deca, then Deca shall only have an unlimited liability for damages if it acted willfully and with gross negligence. In the event of any violation of significant contractual duties, Deca shall also be liable in the event of slight negligence. Significant contractual duties or so-called cardinal duties in accordance with the law are such duties, which only allow proper execution of the Agreement and on the fulfilment of them you can depend.
To the extent Deca provides services free of charge, Deca shall only be liable for damage compensation if it caused the damage by gross negligence or willful intent.
The compensation obligation is always limited to the typical foreseeable damage in case of a violation of significant contractual duties.
The typical foreseeable damage in accordance with the above-referenced Section 13.3 shall be no more than EUR 50.00 per Account.
The above-referenced liability limitations do not apply to the liability in the event of injury to life, body and health or in case Deca assumed a guarantee or in case of liability in accordance with the Product Liability Act.
Deca shall be liable for advice only if it concerns a problem with a certain Game.
The above-mentioned exclusions or limitations of liability shall also apply in view of the liability of Deca’s employees, employers, colleagues, representatives and vicarious agents, especially to the benefit of the shareholders, colleagues, representatives, bodies and their members, which affects their personal liability.
A change of the burden of proof to the disadvantage of you is not connected with the above-referenced regulations.
Your Liability
You agree to compensate us for any claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including legal costs and expenses) reasonably incurred by us that arise out of your use of our Games in breach of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any claim brought by a third party in connection with your use of a Game and you agree to assist and cooperate with us in relation to any such claim.
Availability
We reserve the right, temporarily or permanently, in whole or in part, to modify, suspend or discontinue our Games without notice for valid commercial reasons without liability to you. Without limitation to the preceding sentence, we may periodically schedule system downtime for maintenance and other purposes.
You also acknowledge that unplanned system outages may occur:
Our Games are provided over the Internet and so the quality and availability of the Games may be affected by factors outside our reasonable control. Accordingly, we cannot accept any responsibility for any connectivity issues that you may experience when using our Games or for any loss of material, data, transactions or other information caused by system outages, whether planned or unplanned.
In addition, you acknowledge and agree that you (and not us) are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all telecommunications, broadband and computer hardware, equipment and services needed to access and use our Games, and for paying any data charges that may be charged to you by your network provider in connection with your use of our Games.
Terminating these Terms of Use
The Agreement between you and us is concluded for an unspecified time unless otherwise agreed in writing.
Both Parties have the right to terminate the Agreement by giving an advance notice of seven workdays unless otherwise agreed in writing.
You can demand us to delete your Account at any time. If you request to delete your Account, you terminate simultaneously the Agreement without complying with the termination period.
Deca reserves itself the right to exercise its virtual domiciliary right at any time.
The right of the Parties to terminate the Agreement at any time for a significant reason effective immediately remains unaffected by the above-referenced provisions. In particular, Deca can terminate this Agreement for any significant reason, if
you violate culpably the laws and/or these Terms of Use and you continue to act in the same or similar manner despite warning letter (ate least via e-mail or game chat); and/or
you are in arrears with the payment of fees by at least USD 5.00 and you do not pay despite two dunning letters.
If you are -due to your acts or omissions - responsible for the extraordinary termination of Deca, then you are not permitted to create a new account if your Account was blocked unless you have the express prior written permission of Deca.
Deca has the right to a special termination right, provided Deca loses authorization to operate a respective Game, e.g. because of the termination of the respective licensing agreement between Deca and the respective licensor. Other rights to terminate shall remain unaffected thereby.
Every termination must be in written form, whereby the written form is maintained by e-mail.
Communications between us
If you wish to contact us in writing, or if any provision of these Terms requires you to give us notice in writing, you can send this to us by email to support@decagames.com.
If we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will normally do so by email to an email address you have provided, or through the Game played by you.
Right of Withdrawal (also Cancellation Right) and sample Cancellation Form
If you are a consumer normally resident in the European Union, then you shall be legally entitled to the right to withdrawal this Agreement in accordance with the following cancellation policy:
Cancellation policy
RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL:
You have the right to cancel this Agreement within fourteen days without needing to provide any reasons.
The cancellation period amounts to fourteen days from the day that the Agreement was concluded.
In order to exercise your cancellation right, you must inform us by means of an unambiguous declaration (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or email) of your decision to cancel this Agreement. You may use the attached sample cancellation form, although this is not required.
For the purposes of ensuring the cancellation period you only need to send notification of you exercising the cancellation right before the cancellation period has expired.
Consequences of cancellation
If you cancel this Agreement, we must immediately refund all payments to you, which we have received from you, including the delivery costs (with the exception of the additional costs resulting from you choosing a delivery method other than the most economical standard delivery option) no later than within fourteen days from the day on which we received your notification of cancelling the Agreement. We shall use the same payment method for the refund that you yourself used when making the original payment unless anything else was explicitly agreed with you to the contrary. You will not be charged under any circumstances for the refund.
Premature lapsing of the cancellation right
Your cancellation right shall lapse prematurely in the case of a contract for the delivery of digital content not physically located on a data medium if you have explicitly agreed to us carrying out the contract before the expiry of the cancellation period and if you have consciously acknowledged that you will lose your cancellation right when the contract starts.
END OF THE RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
Cancellation Form
(If you wish to cancel the contract, please complete this form and return it to us.)
To: Deca Live Operations GmbH, Unter den Linden 21, 10117 Berlin, Germany
Mail: support@decagames.com
I/we (*) hereby withdraw from the contract I/we (*) entered into for the purchase of the following goods (*)/the provision of the following service (*) Ordered on(*)/received on(*)
Name of consumer(s)
Address of consumer(s)
Signature of consumer(s) (only for forms on paper)
Date______
(*) Delete as applicable
Final Provisions
If one Party delays, waives or fails to enforce its rights within the framework of these Terms of Use or the Party grants deadlines to the other Party, then the Party does not hinder the applicability of the respective right.
You are not entitled to assign to third parties your rights under this Agreement. Something else applies only if Deca provides its prior consent in writing. Deca is entitled to transfer to a third party any rights and duties under this contractual relationship. You can terminate the use of the respective Game effective immediately upon such transfer. Any Virtual Currency at the time in the User's account will be reimbursed.
The laws of England shall apply to the exclusion of the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the provisions of private international law. However, this choice of law only applies to consumers in the EU insofar as the protection granted by mandatory protection provisions of the law of the state in which the EU consumer has his habitual residence is not withdrawn if they grant the user further protection.
In the event, you take legal action, suit must be filed before an English court or – for EU-consumers, before a competent court in the EU country in which you live.
If individual provisions of these Terms of Use are or become ineffective, it does not affect the effectiveness of the remaining provisions.
Any changes or amendments to the use agreement and any side-agreements must be specified in writing. The same shall apply to the change of the written form requirement. The written form requirements do not apply to any changes to these Terms of Use.
Related articles
Privacy Policy
Invading
Game Rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
DIDN'T FIND WHAT YOU NEED?
We're here to assist you! Submit a ticket and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
CONTACT US
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.decagames.com/hc/en-us/related/click?data=BAh7CjobZGVzdGluYXRpb25fYXJ0aWNsZV9pZGwrCI0AkNEEBDoYcmVmZXJyZXJfYXJ0aWNsZV9pZGwrCA0AlNIEBDoLbG9jYWxlSSIKZW4tdXMGOgZFVDoIdXJsSSI0L2hjL2VuLXVzL2FydGljbGVzLzQ0MTg3NDIyNTU3NTctUHJpdmFjeS1Qb2xpY3kGOwhUOglyYW5raQY%3D--3d5a441148b7e898b1106f5d5c4a3f71c8ed0f69:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Zendesk
1
Learn more about this provider
hc:#:recently_visited_articles
Registers which articles the user has visited in a Zendesk knowledge base.
crimecity.zendesk.com
support.decagames.com
6
__cf_bm [x3]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
_cfuvid [x3]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
godsandglory.zendesk.com
support.decagames.com
2
_help_center_session [x2]
Preserves users states across page requests.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Google
4
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
YouTube
29
Learn more about this provider
#-# [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2]
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/17/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Use necessary cookies only
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all cookies
DECA
SUPPORT.
DECA Support
Policies & Terms of Service
Call me a Gangsta
Privacy Policy.
This data protection declaration informs the user in what way, to what extent and for what purpose the processing of personal data by the responsible provider Deca Live Operations GmbH, Unter den Linden 21, 10117 Berlin, Germany (hereinafter "
Deca
") takes place. You can access, save and print this data protection declaration in the current version at any time via our website
https://decagames.com/
.
General Information
In the following we inform you about the processing of personal data when using our games, services, and forums (the “
Services
”). Personal information is all the information that is used to identify your person and which can be traced back to you - for example your name, email address, home address, phone number and user behavior.
Responsible according to Article 4 (7) of the EU-General Data Protection Regulation - GDPR (DSGVO) is Deca Live Operations GmbH, Unter den Linden 21, 10117 Berlin, Germany. For the assertion of your rights, as well as for suggestions and complaints regarding the processing of your personal data, you can contact us at privacy@decagames.com or via our postal address.
Deca processes personal data only as far as this is necessary for the provision of its contractual Services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with the consent of the user. An exception applies in cases where prior consent cannot be obtained for real reasons and processing is permitted by law.
The personal data of the person concerned will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage ceases to apply. It may also be deleted or blocked if required by national or EU regulations, laws or other regulations to which the person responsible is subject or if a retention period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires.
Access Data and Logging when accessing our Websites
Each time a user accesses our websites for technical reasons the internet browser of the user will automatically transmit data about this. Deca will store this data as server log files. The following data will be logged:
Browser type and version
Operating system used
Website visited
Website from which you accessed this website (referrer URL)
Time of access
IP address used
Volume of data transmitted in bytes
This data is not stored together with other personal data. The legal basis for the temporary collection of data is Article 6 (1) lit. f of GDPR. This anonymous data will be stored separately from personal information on secure systems and does not allow the identification of an individual person. Furthermore, the IP address of your computer will only be stored for the period of time in which you use the website and will subsequently be deleted immediately or rendered anonymous by an abbreviation. The other data will be stored for a limited period of time.
The collected data will be used for statistical evaluation for the purpose of operating, securing, adapting and optimizing the websites. These interests are considered legitimate within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) lit. f of GDPR. To the extent not mentioned otherwise in this Privacy Policy, the data will not be compared with other data files or shared with third parties, not even in excerpts and/or will not be evaluated for marketing purposes either. However, please note that our websites use cookies, analysis services and social plug-ins. Detailed explanations of this are given in points 5, 6 and 7. Nevertheless, Deca reserves the right to review the log data retroactively if there is a specific indication of illegal use.
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected.
There is no possibility of objection on the part of the user.
Services offered on the websites, in games and/or mobile apps
The use of certain services on the websites and/or games may require registration or the submission of personal data by the user. In such cases we will only collect the personal data necessary to fulfill the Services you have requested including, for example, your email address and name, if you register for a game account. The collection, processing and use of personal data are solely for the purpose of providing the user with the information and Services requested and only in the manner and to the extent that the user has expressly agreed to. In addition, further use of personal data will be contingent upon the user's prior express agreement. The user can rescind agreement at any time with future effect. Separate data protection declarations explain the details.
Our mobile apps are provided through various app and software platforms, including the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. If you access, register on or use the platform or social network, personal data may be collected and used by the respective platform or social network over which we basically have no influence. You will find all the relevant information in the privacy policy or privacy statement of each platform or social network.
Handling of Contact Data – Contacting Deca
If you make contact with Deca through the contact options provided, your contact data (name, email address, message) will be stored for accessing in order to process and respond to your request. Deca will not share the data with third parties without your agreement. The personal data you specify as part of this contact request will be used and stored only for processing and documenting your request. However, in order to know who has sent the request and to answer the same, we will require your valid email address. The data processing for the purpose to communicate with us follows Art. 6 (1) lit. a of GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) and is based on your voluntary approval. Upon request such data will be removed immediately from the web server.
Newsletter
If you have expressly consented according to Art. 6 (1) lit. a of GDPR, we will use your email address to provide you regularly with our newsletter. For ordering our newsletter, we need your valid email address and confirmation that you are the owner of the specified email address and your express order acknowledgment. This means that after registration for the newsletter you must also confirm (confirmation e-mail, activation of the activation link included) that you wish to use the newsletter service. In addition, we also collect and store your first name, name and form of address. Other data will not be collected. This data will be used only for dispatching the newsletter and to document our authorization thereof. You can rescind at any time your agreement to the storage of the data and e-mail address and to their utilization for dispatching the newsletter. The rescindment can be made via a link in the newsletter itself or by e-mail to
privacy@decagames.com
.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are used to enhance the user-friendliness of websites. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your terminal device. Your browser accesses these files. The use of cookies improves the user-friendliness and security of our websites. Many browsers offer the setting option not to allow cookies or at least limit their use. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our websites.
A distinction is made between session and permanent cookies. A cookie is used to store information that is related to the specific device used. However, this does not mean that we are immediately aware of your identity. The use of cookies serves to make the use of our websites more pleasant for you.
We use so-called session cookies to recognize that you have already visited individual pages of our websites. These will be deleted automatically after leaving our sites.
In addition, we also use temporary cookies to optimize the user experience, which are stored on your device for a specified period of time. If you visit our websites again, it is automatically recognized that you have already been here and which entries and settings you have made, so that you do not have to enter them again.
Furthermore, we use cookies to collect statistical data regarding the usage of our websites and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimizing our offer for you (see para. 7). These cookies allow us to automatically recognize that you have already been with us when you visit our site again. These cookies are automatically deleted after a defined time. The data processed by cookies are for the aforementioned purposes for the protection of our legitimate interests as well as the third party under Art. 6 (1) lit. f of GDPR required.
Tracking and Analysis Tools
The use of tracking measures on our websites is to ensure the appropriate design and continuous optimization of our websites. Tracking is also used to gather statistics about the use of our websites and evaluate the data for the purpose of optimizing our offerings for you. These are to be considered justified interests. The data processing purposes and data categories are to be taken in each case from the corresponding tracking tools. The tracking-tools used by Deca and listed below are carried out on the legal basis of Article 6 (1) lit. f of GDPR.
Google Analytics
Our websites use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“
Google
”). In order to increase efficiency, to tailor the design and to continuously optimize the Services, we create pseudonymous user profiles with the help of Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, which are text files stored on your computer to help the websites analyze how visitors use the websites. The information generated by the cookies about your use of our websites is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the USA. Google uses this information, on behalf of the operator of our websites, for the purpose of evaluating your use of our websites, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage for the website operator.
In the event of the activation of IP anonymization on our websites, your IP address will be truncated beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contractual states of the treaty on the European Economic Area. This shortening eliminates the personal reference of your IP address. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a server of Google in the USA and truncated there. IP anonymization is active on our websites.
The IP address transmitted to us by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be combined with any other data held by Google. You may prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our websites. You can also prevent the recording of data generated by the cookies about your use of the websites (including your IP address) by Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the plug-in available at the following link:  http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).
As an alternative to the browser add-on or from browsers on mobile devices, please click the following link to block recording by Google Analytics on respective website in the future: Deactivate Google Analytics. This will place an opt-out cookie on your device. If you delete your cookies, you will need to click the link again. Detailed information regarding data use by Google Inc. is available here:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de
Opt-out
If you do not want to send any anonymous usage data for the purpose of increasing efficiency, for needs-based design and continuous optimization when using the software, please click on the respective opt-out link. In this way, you can prevent Google from collecting the data generated and related to their use of the user portal as well as prevent from processing this data
Third Party Service Providers
We may share your personal data with our third-party service providers who provide services such as data analysis, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other similar services. These third parties are only permitted to use your personal data to the extent necessary to enable them to provide their services to us. They are required to follow our express instructions and to comply with appropriate security measures to protect your personal data. Our main service providers are currently: Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Zendesk, Splunk, DataDog, Suraway Ltd., Unity Technologies.
Third Party Advertisers
We may share personal data with advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We currently share your device ID and device advertising ID with the following companies for the purpose of personalising the ads that you see: Vungle, AppLovin, AdColony, Fyber, Unity Ads, Google AppsFlyer, Kochava, AdMob, Appodeal, MoPub, Facebook Audience Network, myTarget, Adjust, Tapjoy, SuperRewards and ironSource.
Social Media Plug-ins
Our websites use social plug-ins of the social networks Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube to enhance our company's profile
on the legal basis of Art. 6 (1) lit. f of GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation). The underlying commercial purpose is to be considered a legitimate interest. The responsibility for operation in compliance with data protection regulations lies with the provider in each case. We include these plug-ins via the so-called two-click method to provide the users of our website with the best possible protection.
Facebook Social Plug-ins
Our websites use social plug-ins of the social network Facebook which is run by Facebook Inc., (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA). The plug-ins can be recognized by one of the Facebook logos (white "f" on blue square or with a "thumbs-up" icon). The list and appearance of all the Facebook plug-ins can be seen here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
If you open our websites using that plug-in, the browser will establish a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook servers. The plug-in informs Facebook Inc. that a user has opened the respective website of the offer. There is a possibility that your IP address gets stored. If you are logged in with Facebook, Facebook can match such a site visit to the respective Facebook account. If you post a comment or click the like button the respective information is directly transmitted from your browser to Facebook and will be stored there. Deca thus does not have any influence on the nature and amount of data transferred by the plug-in to Facebook Inc. This data transfer is independent of a click by the user. You can find further information here: https://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084.
In addition to this information you should also note Facebook's data protection regulations. Purpose and scope of the data collection and the further use of such data by Facebook as well as the respective rights and configuration options for protecting the user’s sphere of privacy can be taken from Facebook’s data protection notice https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. Further, there is the possibility to install an add-on which will block the Facebook plug-in and prevent the data transfer.
If you are a registered member of Facebook and would like to prevent Facebook from collecting data about you via this offer and matching that data with your member data stored with Facebook, you should log out of Facebook before visiting the respective website.
Twitter
Further, some of our websites use the Twitter buttons. Such plug-ins are run by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Ste. 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. They can be recognized by the terms "Twitter" or "Follow" combined with a stylized bird. Thanks to this button it is possible to share a post or a website of this offer on Twitter or to follow Deca on Twitter. If you open the respective website containing such a button, your browser will establish a direct connection with the Twitter servers. The contents of the Twitter button will be transmitted directly by Twitter to your browser. Deca does not have any influence on the amount of data collected by Twitter with such plug-ins and we herewith inform you in accordance with our knowledge. According to Twitter Inc. only the user’s IP address is transmitted and collected when retrieving the button. Further information can be taken from Twitter’s data protection notice at
http://twitter.com/privacy
. However, please note that you have the option of changing your data protection settings on Twitter in your Twitter account settings at
http://twitter.com/account/settings
.
YouTube
Some of our websites also include a YouTube plug-in belonging to Google Inc., headquartered in San Bruno/California, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. As soon as you visit a website with a YouTube plug-in, a connection is set up to the YouTube servers. As part of this process the YouTube server is informed of the particular pages on our websites that you visited. If you are also logged in to your YouTube account, you would enable YouTube to assign your browsing habits directly to your personal profile.
You can prevent this assignment by logging out of your YouTube account beforehand. For more information on how YouTube collects and uses your data see the data protection policy at
https://www.youtube.com
.
Rights of the user
If personal data is processed by you, you are affected within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights to the person responsible:
Access right
You have the right to request free information about the nature, extent and source of the data stored about you, the categories of recipients to whom your information has been or will be disclosed and the purpose and intended duration of the storage. In addition, you have a right of access to the rights to rectify and delete your personal data, restrict the concerned person's processing or your right to object to such processing as well as the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority and finally automated decision-making including profiling and if necessary meaningful information about their details. For this please contact us. Deca will assist in answering your request if you clearly and unambiguously communicate about which data you would like to have information about.
Right to rectification
You have the right to have corrected false data and / or completed towards the person responsible if the
personal data processed concerning you is incorrect or incomplete. The person responsible must make the correction without delay.
Right to restriction of processing
You may request the restriction of the processing of personal data concerning you, provided that the accuracy of the data concerning you is disputed for a period of time and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request the restriction of the use of your personal data; the person responsible no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing but you need them for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims or if you have objected to the processing under Article 21 paragraph 1 GDPR and it is not yet certain whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh your reasons.
Right to erasure
You may demand the person responsible to delete your personal information without delay and the person responsible will be required to erase that information immediately if they have objected or revoked consent to the storage  and there is no other legal basis for processing; if the knowledge of the personal data is no longer necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the data was stored or if the storage is inadmissible for other legal reasons. Among other things, the right to erasure does not exist if the processing is necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal rights.
Right to Information
If you have exercised your right to have the person responsible to correct, delete or restrict the processing, he / she is obliged to notify all recipients to whom your personal data have been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have a right to the person responsible to be informed about these recipients.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal information that you have provided to the person responsible in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request its transfer to another person responsible. Freedoms and rights of other persons must not be affected by this.
Right of objection
You have the right to object to the processing of the personal data concerning you, which is based on your particular situation at any time based on Article 6 (1) lit. e or f of GDPR, in accordance with Article 21 of GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The person responsible will no longer process the personal data concerning you unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing is intended to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. If the personal data concerning you are processed for direct advertising purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct advertising. If you object to processing for direct advertising purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.
Right to revoke the data protection consent declaration
You have the right to revoke your data protection consent declaration at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state where you reside, work or the alleged infringement if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you is contrary to the GDPR.
Data Security
Deca takes technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction, misuse or access by unauthorized persons or against unauthorized disclosure. Our security measures are regularly reviewed and adapted in line with technological developments. Data transmitted between our server and the terminal is encrypted (HTTPS protocol). Please note however that no internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free, please take this into account when using the services of Deca.
International Data Transfer
Information, including personal data that we collect from you, may be transferred to, stored at and processed by us and our third party service providers outside the country in which you reside, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in the country in which you reside or in other parts of the world.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Notice. This includes the use of the Privacy Shield for transfers to the USA as well as the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses. Further details can be provided upon request.
Up-to-dateness and amendment of this data protection declaration
Due to the further development of our Services or due to changed legal or regulatory requirements, it may be necessary to change this data protection regulation. The current data protection declaration can be viewed and printed at any time via the our website
www.decagames.com
.
January, 30
th
2020
Related articles
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
DIDN'T FIND WHAT YOU NEED?
We're here to assist you! Submit a ticket and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
CONTACT US