Privacy Policy
Backbone  – Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February 15, 2025
APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes Backbone Labs, Inc.’s information collection and use practices on the places where it appears. This includes our website, mobile app, and other places it is referenced (collectively, the “Services”). This policy does not apply to information we collect from employees or contractors.
Information We Collect
The type of information we collect depends on your relationship with us. It also depends on how you interact with us. We collection information in multiple ways, including when you provide information directly to us, and when we passively collect information from you, such as information collected from your browser or device.
Information Your Provide Directly to Us
We may collect information from you during your use of or access to the Services, such as:
Account information
. We collect information relating to your account or purchases. For example, we collect basic registration details like your name and email address and username. We collect your physical address and phone number. You may be able to share other account-related information with us too, like if you choose to provide a profile photo. We collect some information about your friends when you invite or refer them to Backbone or import your contacts. In some cases, we may share this information for the purpose noted above.
Demographic information.
We may collect information like your age. We may also collect your zip code and state.
Feedback information
. We collect any information you voluntarily provide to us. For example, if you choose to share any feedback or contact customer or technical support. This also includes information you may provide in forums or social media pages.
Professional information
. We collect resumes, education, and employment history from job applicants. This includes information about your skills and qualifications for the position.
Information That is Passively and/or Automatically Collected
Usage information.
We may automatically collect information about the browser or hardware you are using. We also collect information about the sites and apps you came from and where you visit when you leave us. We may also collect your operating system and IP address. We may also look at the areas of our site and app you visit and any actions you make. We may also collect device identifier, which could include information about your mobile carrier.
Location Information.
We also may automatically collect location information, including general location information (e.g., IP address) from your computer or mobile device.  The type of location data we collect depends on a number of factors, including the type of device you are using (e.g., laptop, smartphone, tablet) and the type of connection enabled on your device (e.g., Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, broadband, cable, or cellular).  The Services rely on this location information in order to provide certain location-based services, content, promotional offers and other information that may be of interest to you or that may be available to you based on your subscriptions to Services we provide.  We may also use location information to improve the functionality of the Services and our other products and services. To deliver customized content and advertising, we may disclose your location information, including geo-location information, to our agents, vendors, or advertisers.
Cookies and Other Electronic Technologies.
We may also collect data about your use of the Services through the use of web server logs, cookies and/or tracking pixels. A web server log is a file where website activity is stored.  A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you visit a website, that may enables us to: (i); store your preferences and settings; (ii) understand the web pages you have visited; (iii) recognize your computer; (iv) perform searches and analytics; (v) enhance your user experience by delivering content specific to your interests; and (vi) assist with security and other administrative functions. Most cookies are placed in your browser cache.
Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as “web beacons” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads and/or email, and are designed to , measure popularity of the Services and associated advertising, provide usage information like ad impressions or clicks, and access user cookies.  We may also use these automated technologies to collect and analyze other information related to the devices you use to access the Services, such as browser language, IP addresses, browser types, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your operating system, unique device identifiers, and other information about your devices used to access the Services.  These automated technologies may also collect information on the websites you have visited before and after you visit the Services, and the advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded, and/or clicked on when using the Services or other websites.  We or third-party technologies we use may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized content, offers, services or advertisements on our websites or other sites.  The cookies may be associated with demographic or other data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address), which we may share with vendors to deliver advertisements for our services on our behalf.  As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather additional information through other methods.
You may change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information.  If you block any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of the Services.
We may use third parties to assist us in serving advertisements, tracking aggregated and/or anonymized site usage statistics, and providing content-sharing services to support the Services.  These third parties may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect similar information about your use of the Services.  We do not control these third-party technologies, and their use is governed by those parties' privacy policies.
Information Collected By and From Social Media Platforms and other Third Parties.
If you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in, such as through a social media platform or your Apple or Google ID, you may allow us to have access to certain information in your profile, such as your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, and/or any other information that you permit to be shared through the applicable social media platform. For a description on how social media or other platforms handle and disclose your information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings and what you share with use when you use a social media connection or log-in.  We may combine information that we collect from or about you with information about you that we obtain from such social media and other content platforms or other third parties.
We may also collect information about you from entities that perform background checks on job applicants.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information for the following business and commercial purposes:
We use information to communicate with you.
We use information to respond to your questions. We also use information to communicate with you about this Policy or our
Terms
or your relationship with us. We may also contact you about your feedback. If you apply for a job, we use information to process your application.
We use information to provide our products and services
. We use information to process your order, for account registration, to provide and operate the Services. For example, we use information to recommend specific games and features that you may like. We may also use information to suggest other users with whom you may want to connect or chat with on the app. We also use information so you can invite users to join Backbone.
We use information to improve our product and services
. We use information to develop and improve our products, site and Services. This includes saving certain preferences and tracking other performance data. We use this information to customize your experience and analyze product trends.
We use information for marketing purposes.
We use your information to share updates about new products and special offers, including promotions, surveys, and contests. This may be through email, on our app, or on social media platforms. We might also use this information to tell you about products and offers, new features, or updates.
This may be about our offers or offerings of third parties. We also use information to provide you with newsletters or other content we think you may find interesting. We may send you surveys. We may also use your information to engage in behavioral advertising. This includes serving you with content on our platforms or on social media platforms. This may occur after you leave our sites or platforms and may encourage you to return. We may also serve ads that we think are relevant to you based on your browsing habits or online activities.
We use information to protect ourselves and others.
We use information to protect our company, you and others. This includes to identify fraud to secure and protect our systems and accounts.
Combination of Data.
We combine information that we have collected offline with information that we collect online as permitted by law. We combine information we have collected across other third-party sites. We combine information collected across devices, such as computers and mobile devices. We also combine information that we get from a third party with information we already have.
Aggregate and/or De-Identified Information. We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected through the Services. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and/or others.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
The laws in certain jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal ground they rely on to use or disclose your “personal data” as such term is defined under applicable laws. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are:
To honor our contractual commitments to you
: Much of our processing of personal data is to meet our contractual obligations to our customers, or to take steps at customers’ requests in anticipation of entering into a contract with them.
Consent
: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of your implied or express consent.
Legitimate interests
:  In many cases, we handle personal data on the ground that it furthers our legitimate interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as for (i) customer service; (ii) marketing; (iii) analyzing and improving our Services; (iv) managing legal issues; and (v) protecting our customers, property and our employees. We may also process personal data for the legitimate interests of our business partners, such as to assist with marketing.
Legal compliance
: We need to use and disclose personal data in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.
To protect the vital interests of the individual or others:
For example, we may collect or disclose personal data to help resolve an urgent medical situation.
WHEN WE MAY DISCLOSE INFORMATION
Below are situations when we may disclose information or where you can use our Services to disclose information.
Disclosing information through the Backbone app.
The Backbone app is designed to let you join chats with your friends and other users through the app. Any information you share through a text function (such as your profile, chats to other users, captions relating to Highlights, etc.) will be available to other users. Friends can tell if you are “online.” If you use the app to create a recording of your screen when playing a game, anyone who receives the URL can view the recording.
We disclose information within our family of companies.
This includes our parent company. It also includes current and future subsidiaries and affiliates.
We disclose your information with vendors and others who perform services on our behalf
. We may disclose all categories of information with our service providers. These include companies who help us deliver our products and services to you. For example, those that help us run the website and app and send communications. It also includes companies who help us evaluate your job application.
We may share information for behavioral advertising.
We may share information with third parties in order to provide behavioral advertising.
We may disclose information in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves
.. By using the Services, you acknowledge, consent and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose your information if required or permitted to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce our
Terms and Conditions
,
this Policy, or other contracts with you; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; and/or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Backbone, its agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public. We may also disclose information to law enforcement agencies in emergency circumstances where the disclosure of such information is consistent with the types of emergency disclosures permitted or required by law.
We may transfer information with any successor to all or part of our business
. If all or part of our business was sold, or we are engaged in due diligence as part of a possible acquisition, we may transfer some or all categories of information as part of that transaction. If there is a merger or acquisition, we may transfer some or all categories of your information.
We may disclose information for other reasons we may describe to you or as permitted by law or if you consent to such disclosure.
PERSONALIZED CONTENT, ADVERTISING AND YOUR CHOICES
Online Analytics
We may use web analytics services, such as those provided by Google through its Google Analytics services. These service providers help us analyze how users use the Services including the webpages they use on the Services and where they came from. The information (including your IP address) collected by the technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to help us evaluate how you use our Services. We may also use Google Analytics for certain purposes related to advertising, as described in the following section. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking
here
.
Behavioral Advertising
We or our third-party advertising partners may use technologies such as cookies, pixels and similar tools that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on other websites or mobile applications you visit and/or use. Such content and advertising may be about the Services or based on your activity on the Services. The ads may be based on various factors such as the content of the page you are visiting, , your searches, demographic data, user-generated content, and other information we collect from you. These ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and may be tailored to your interests.
Also, third parties and partners use cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect information about your use of the Services in order to (i) report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our websites and use of our Services; (ii) optimize, inform and serve ads based on past visits to our websites and other sites and (iii)  disclose a hashed version of your email address with third-party advertising partners for purposes of delivering tailored advertising to you when you use services provided by those third-part advertising partners and/or you visit other websites and/or use mobile applications. Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below.  You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out link
, the
Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link
,
or
TrustArc’s Advertising Choices Page
to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs.
To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or to customize Google display network ads, you can visit the
Google Ads Settings page
.  Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt out of behavioral advertising. In that case, the ads will just not be tailored. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. If you wish to opt-out of the sale and/or sharing of personal information as required by applicable laws, please refer to the instructions in this Policy.
When using a mobile application, you may also receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system, iOS for Apple phones or Android for Android devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator. We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to control receiving personalized in-application advertisements; thus, you should contact the platform provider for further details on opting out of tailored in-application advertisements.
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out. In that case, the advertising will not be tailored to your interests.
YOUR DATA CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Please note: Your rights and our responses to your requests will vary based on the state or country where you live. You may be in a jurisdiction where we are not obligated, or are unable, to fulfill a request. In such a case, your request may not be fulfilled. If you are a California resident, please see the Notice to California User section for certain information specific to California residents.
Marketing Communications.
You can opt out of certain marketing
. To stop receiving our marketing emails please  follow the instructions in any marketing email message you get from us. If you opt out of marketing emails you will continue to receive non-marketing emails from us about your relationship and/or transactions with us where permitted by law.
Rights Regarding Your Information
Residents of certain jurisdictions, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, in addition to residents of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, have the right, in accordance with applicable data protection laws, to make requests related to your “personal information” or “personal data” (as such terms are defined under applicable laws, and collectively referred to herein as “personal data”). Specifically, if you are a resident of any such jurisdiction, you may have the right to ask us to:
Provide you access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Correct or update personal information we hold about you.
Delete certain personal information we have about you.
Restrict or object to certain uses of your information
Opt you out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable.
If you are a California or Oregon resident, you can also request information about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you.  California residents can request categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information and information about the financial incentives that we offer to such residents, if any.
Oregon residents can request a list of the specific third parties, other than natural persons, to which we have disclosed personal information.
Residents of certain other countries may be able request one or more of the above types of information under applicable law.
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia residents also have the right to opt out of “sales” of your information and “sharing/processing of their information for targeted advertising” as described below. If you are a California resident, please see the “Notice to California Residents” section below for more information about our privacy practices and your rights as a California resident.
As provided in applicable law, you also have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need to retain certain information in order to provide our services to you. We also need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name and email address.
To exercise any of these rights, please email us at
legal@playbackbone.com
with your name and type of request you are making. You may exercise your rights to access or delete your data by clicking on the “Make a Privacy Request” button at top right of this Policy.
Depending on applicable law, including Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, and Virginia, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request, if applicable. To exercise such an appeal right, please email us at
legal@playbackbone.com
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, if applicable.
Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sales of Personal Information and Processing/Sharing of Personal Information for Targeted Advertising Purposes
If you are a resident of certain jurisdictions, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you have the right to opt out of “sales” of your information and “sharing/processing of your information for targeted advertising.”
We sometimes disclose information to unaffiliated third parties we collaborate with or that provide offers that we think may be of value to you. We also provide personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes. Under applicable law, the disclosure of your personal information to these third parties to assist us in providing these services may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the processing/sharing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes.
If you would like to opt out of the disclosure of your personal information for purposes that could be considered “sales” for those third parties’ own commercial purposes, or “sharing” or processing for purposes of targeted advertising through cookies and similar technologies, please click on “Your Privacy Choices” link located in the footer of our
website
.
We also may also make available certain contact information, such as name, email address, phone number, mailing address, to other businesses in a way that is a sale, or share/use for targeted ads. Residents of applicable states with opt out rights may opt out of this activity using the opt out form here.
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may be permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit such requests on your behalf. Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
App Notifications and Location Data
To view and manage notifications and preferences relating to our apps, including certain options regarding the collection and use of location data, visit the settings menu of the app and of your operating system.
Interactions on Backbone. You can control certain aspects of your interactions with others on Backbone
. Backbone is meant to offer a fun way for people to interact with other gamers. Any user can join a public chat room, with or without an invite from you and whether or not you know him or her. Parties can be launched between friends. You can post Highlights that include your gameplay. For questions about chat or parties, you can contact us as noted at the end of this Policy.
Mobile Device Settings. You can control certain settings on your mobile device
. For example, you can turn off the location services or push notifications on your phone. To modify the push notifications you get from us you can change your preferences in your device settings. You also can modify app level permissions, such as location collection, through your device settings.
OUR SITES ARE NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDREN
Our sites are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can contact us at the email or address above. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.”
Parents can learn more about how to protect children's privacy online
here
.
OUR SECURITY AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We have implemented a variety of administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and/or alteration of your information. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store. However, cannot and do not guarantee that these measures will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose your information since despite our best efforts, no Internet and/or electronic transmissions can be completely secure.  We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet.
We generally retain your information for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes described in this Policy.  In determining how long to retain information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. The purposes for which we process information (as well as the other factors listed above) may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information. To dispose of your information, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps.  Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.
OUR PLATFORMS ARE BASED IN THE UNITED STATES
Information we collect may be stored and processed in the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. The United States may not afford the same level of protection as the laws in your country. By submitting your information, you agree to the processing of it in the US as permitted by law. Information we transfer to the United States from another country will be subject to appropriate safeguards under applicable law.
THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
We may link to third-party sites and/or applications. Our sites may also include third party content that collects information. We do not control these third parties. Please read the privacy policy of other websites and mobile applications carefully. We are not responsible for the practices of these third-party sites.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose your “personal information” as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). This Notice to California Users section applies only to California residents.
We describe the categories of information we collect, our business purposes for collecting such information, the sources and uses of such information and the entities with which we disclose such information in the “Information We Collect”, “How We Use Your Information,” and “When We May Disclose Your Information” sections of this Privacy Policy.  We provide additional information required by the CCPA below.
Categories of personal information we collect, use and disclose
Throughout this Policy, we discuss in detail the types of Information we collect from and about users and discuss how we use and disclose such information.  The following are the “categories” of personal information under the CCPA that we collect from California consumers and that we may, as discussed throughout this Policy, use and disclose for our business purposes:
Identifiers (such as name, address, email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information); device identifiers (such as IP address and unique device identifiers); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); general geolocation data from IP addresses and precise geolocation information when you use our mobile application; characteristics of potentially protected classifications, such as gender; any user-generated content or feedback that you provide; professional or employment related data; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
How we use these categories of personal information.
We and our service providers may use the categories of personal information we collect from and about you for the following business and commercial purposes (as those terms are defined in applicable law).
Our or our service providers’ operational purposes;
Auditing consumer interactions on our site (e.g., measuring ad impressions);
Detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents and fraudulent or illegal activity;
Bug detection and error reporting;
Customizing content that we or our service providers display on the Services (e.g., contextual ads);
Providing the Services (e.g., account servicing and maintenance, customer service, advertising and marketing, analytics, and communication about the Services);
Improving our existing Services and developing new services (e.g., by conducting research to develop new products or features);
Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, such as third-party advertising and communicating with you about relevant offers from third party partners;
Other uses about which we notify you.
Examples of these types of uses are discussed in our main privacy policy in the “
How We Use Your Information
” section.  We may also use the categories of personal information for compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and we may combine the information we collect (“aggregate”) or remove pieces of information (“de-identify”) to limit or prevent identification of any user or device.
Categories of personal information we disclose for business purposes
We may disclose the following categories of information about you or your use of our Services to service providers for business purposes (as defined by applicable law) or as required by applicable law:
Identifiers (such as name, address, email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information); device identifiers (such as IP address and unique device identifiers); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage; general geolocation data from IP addresses and precise geolocation information when you use our mobile application; characteristics of potentially protected classifications, such as gender; any user-generated content or feedback that you provide; professional or employment related data; categories of information considered “sensitive” under California law (such as precise geolocation, and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We may also disclose this information to third parties for legal, compliance or security purposes, or in connection with a business transfer, as described further in “When We Disclose Your Information” above.
Sale/Sharing of personal information.
The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information or “share” personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. Under the CCPA, “sale” and “sharing” are defined such that they may include allowing third parties to receive certain information for advertising purposes.  We “sell” or “share” the following categories of information to third-party advertising partners and vendors that support our advertising efforts (such as advertising analytics services):
Identifiers (such as name, address, email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage; general geolocation data from IP addresses and precise geolocation information when you use our mobile application.
Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.  If you would like to opt out of our use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” or “sharing” for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes under California law, please click on “Your Privacy Choices” link located in the footer of our
website
. We also may also make available certain contact information, such as name, email address, phone number, mailing address, to other businesses in a way that is a sale, or share/use for targeted ads. You may opt out of that practice using the same link.
Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
California Privacy Rights.
California residents can make certain requests about their personal information under the CCPA.  Specifically, if you are a California resident, you may request that we:
provide you with information about: (i) the categories of personal information we collect, disclose or sell about you; (ii) the categories of sources of such information; (iii) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and (iv) the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information.  Such information is also set forth in this Privacy Policy;
provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you;
correct inaccurate personal information we hold about you;
delete certain information we have about you; and/or
provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.
Please note, in the limited circumstances that we process sensitive personal information as defined by the CCPA, we do not use or disclose it other than for disclosed and permitted business purposes for which there is not a right to limit under the CCPA.
California residents can also designate an authorized agent to make access and/or deletion requests on their behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.
We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request for access and/or deletion from you or your designated agent.  If we are unable to verify you, we may be unable to respond to your requests.
The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights.
Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your legal rights under the CCPA, please submit your request to
legal@playbackbone.com
or click on the “Make a Privacy Request” button located in the top right of this Policy.
Shine the Light.
California Law permits customers who are California residents to request certain information once per year regarding our disclosure of “personal information” (as that term is defined under applicable California law) to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please send an email to
legal@playbackbone.com
with “REMOVE Third Parties” in the subject line.
Additional California Rights for Minors
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and are a registered User of our Services, you may request that we remove from our Services any content you post to our Services that can be accessed by any other User (whether registered or not).  Please note that any content that is removed from our Services may remain on our servers and in our systems.  To request removal of content under this provision, please send an email to
legal@playbackbone.com
with “California Minors Opt-Out” in the subject line and provide us with a description of the content and the location of the content on our Services, and any other information that we may require in order to consider your request.  Please note that removal of content under this provision does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the Services by you.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Notice Concerning Do Not Track Signals
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.  DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services.  We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on the Services for third party purposes, and that is why we provide links to the following optout pages:
Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link
,
the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out link
or
TrustArc’s Advertising Choices Page.
We do not respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, except for legally required browser based signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT. To learn more about Do Not Track, you can do so
here
.
NEVADA RESIDENTS
Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Personally identifiable information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. We do not engage in such activities.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have other questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, including if you wish to make a complaint, please contact us at
legal@playbackbone.com
also have the right to direct complaints about our privacy practices to your local Data Protection Authority.
You may also contact us by mail at:
Backbone Labs, Inc.
1815 NW 169th Pl Suite 4020
Beaverton OR 97006
WE MAY UPDATE THIS POLICY
We may make changes or updates to this Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to this Policy as required by law. Changes will also be posted on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.