PRIVACY POLICY
Last update: June, 2023
TAG Heuer is committed to respecting your privacy. The purpose of this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is to describe the conditions under which we collect, use and store your personal data in the context of your use of the TAG Heuer Golf mobile application (the “Application”).
The Application has been designed for use in standalone with your mobile or in combination with compatible watches, including the latest generation of TAG Heuer Connected Watch (the “TAG Heuer Watch”).
You represent that you are at least 16 years old and have the legal capacity to use the Application and to validly consent to the processing of data related to you.
When the Privacy Policy mentions “TAG Heuer”, “we”, “us”, or “our” it refers to the party that provides you with the Application. Please refer to the section “Who we are and how to contact us” for more details.
1 - What personal data do we collect and when
TAG Heuer collects the following information:
a) TAG Heuer account information required when creating and/or completing your account, either on TAG Heuer website, in TAG Heuer boutiques, in the Application or in other apps which TAG Heuer may make available to you (i.e., first name, name, gender, email address, password, birth date, marketing communication preferences);
b) Application information (golf profile and golf sessions):
- your golf profile: your account information as well as your country, your picture, your game index, your game preferences (units), your history related to the Fun Golf GPS application (purchase or download), features of your phone;
- your golf sessions: golf course played, date, name of the players, email of the players, picture of the players, scores, location data relating to the golf course, shots recorded and their qualification (the shots may be explicitly recorded or automatically detected), penalties, information regarding the accelerometer and gyroscope, golf clubs used, game notes;
c) Diagnostics and usage information when using the Application and the TAG Heuer Golf app installed on your Watch: information about your interaction with the Application (for example, when you create or log into your account, or open or interact with the Application on your Watch) and other technical information in relation to your use of the Application and TAG Heuer Golf app on the Watch (such as the IP address allowing approximate location of your device no more precise than the city, your device model, Watch and phone battery consumption information, crash/diagnostics logs).
2 - Why and how we use your personal data
As a general principle, we only collect and process your personal data to run the service offered to you via the Application, and to help us improve and enrich it. The purposes and legal grounds for processing your personal data are detailed below:
a) Your TAG Heuer account, your golf profile and your golf sessions: we need to process your account information and your golf profile and golf sessions information in order to manage your access to the Application, to provide you with the expected service and to communicate with you and answer any questions or comments you may have. In this regard, if you allow us to send you a Push Notification, we will be able to notify you of important events or to provide you with certain technical announcements and administrative messages regarding the Application. You may disable them at any time through the settings on your phone. The legal ground for processing your personal data is the performance of the contract we have with you, as user of the Application.
b) Your location data: we need to process your location information in order to indicate you the golf course nearby and download it. If you have started a golf session, and that you are close enough to the golf course of your session, we will access your location continuously in order to show you the distance to the green and the obstacles of the course, as well as to prepare a game summary. You may stop it at any time by finishing the current session. The legal ground for processing such data is your consent, which you may withdraw at any time by using the "Settings" application on your phone. In this case, we will no longer be able to show you the golf courses nearby, nor the distances to the greens and other obstacles.
c) Your camera and photo library: the Application needs to access to your camera and photo library in order to upload your profile picture and to take pictures of the players or of the round, if you wish to do so. These pictures appear in the "Players" page of the Application and in the scorecard and will then be stored on TAG Heuer servers. The legal ground for processing such data is your consent, which you may withdraw at any time by using the "Settings" application on your phone. In this case, we will no longer be able to perform the functions related to the adding of players' pictures. Note that the Application also allows you to import pictures after a golf session, to personalize your game summary rendering. These pictures will remain locally stored on your phone and will not be collected by TAG Heuer.
d) Your interest in TAG Heuer: we may use your TAG Heuer account data to provide you with personalized information on TAG Heuer products and services, invitations to events and marketing events, but only if you specifically authorize us to do so. The legal ground for processing such data is your consent. You can always change your mind and manage your marketing preferences in the settings of the Application. Please note that, if you decide to no longer receive marketing communications from us, you will still receive administrative communications from us, such as notifications about your account activities (e.g., account confirmation, modification of password, etc.).
e) We use tracking technologies to collect diagnostics and technical information, based on our legitimate interest, to enable the operation of the Application and our Watch apps, and identify issues and errors that occurred when using the Application and our Watch app. Our Application and Watch apps cannot work without these tracking technologies and therefore, you cannot disable them.
f) We may also use tracking technologies to generate statistics to understand how users interact with the Application and our Watch app, to raise usage trends, to develop or improve features and our services. Finally, we may use tracking technologies (including third parties technologies) to personalize your experience on our Application - by accepting them and by turning on the notifications, we will be able to notify you with new features, products or services that match your expectations and preferences.
Note that you can accept or refuse the collection of such usage and preference information in the screen displayed at the first launch of the Application. You can also adjust your preferences at any time in the Privacy settings of the Application.
.
g) Finally, we may process your data, based on our legitimate interest, in order to ensure the security of the networks and if the processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which TAG Heuer is subject.
3 - Synchronization with Health on iOS devices
The Application integrates HealthKit™ and allows you, if you expressly consent to it, to synchronize your Application with your Apple Health application on iOS devices.
If you choose to activate the synchronization of your Application with Health on your mobile phone, we may display the following information in the statistics of the Application:
- distance traveled;
- number of steps during a round;
- active energy burnt.
In this respect, we do not store any data from Health and will never transfer them to our servers.
If you allow us to synchronize with Health, we will be able to export the golf rounds as a workout, with the number of holes played, the name of the golf course, the date and time of the start and end of the round. You can withdraw your consent at any time directly in Health. In this case, we will no longer be able to display the data from Health in the statistics of the Application or to export the golf rounds to Health.
You acknowledge that TAG Heuer is not the editor of the Health application and may, under no circumstances, be held liable for this application or for the use you make of it. We encourage you to review the terms of use and the privacy policy applicable to Health before using it.
Apple® and HealthKit™ are trademarks of Apple Inc.
4 - How long do we keep your personal data
We do not retain personal data longer than necessary for the purposes stated above.
Unless a longer storage duration is required from us to comply with our legal or contractual obligations or to resolve disputes:
- we keep your TAG Heuer account information for as long as your TAG Heuer account is active. Note that you can delete your account by contacting us via the " Support" page in the settings of the Application or on TAG Heuer website.
- we keep your Application information (golf profile and golf sessions information) until the earlier of the following events: your deletion of your TAG Heuer account, or your instructions that you wish to delete your Application information from our servers. After three years following your last interaction with the Application (either directly or indirectly through another application which you would have synchronized with the Application), we will send you a notification asking you to re-launch the Application before we delete your Application information from our servers.
Your data may be archived for a limited period, which shall not exceed five years of time from its deletion.
Your diagnostics and usage information collected through the trackers installed on the Application and on TAG Heuer Golf app on your TAG Heuer Watch are kept for a maximum of 25 months.
Note that you may exercise your right to erasure at any time by contacting us through: https://www.tagheuer.com/Contact (Contact us, category Personal data).
5 - How do we share and/or transfer your personal data
We do not sell your personal data, and will not sell your personal data. Your personal data may be transferred to the following recipients:
a) third party service providers processing personal data on our behalf; those providers help us provide services in connection with the operation of the Application, including for customer support, hosting, account management and diagnostic and usage data analysis (i.e., Sentry, Firebase Crashlytics Amplitude and OneSignal);
b) TAG Heuer affiliates and TAG Heuer authorized distributors processing personal data on our behalf and contributing to the management of your TAG Heuer account and to the provision of the services offered by the Application;
c) any third party if we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, protect our rights or prevent fraud or abuse. When we receive law enforcement requests for information, we scrutinize such requests carefully, especially if they are vague, overbroad or otherwise unlawful. When legally permitted and reasonably possible, we may provide you with notice that your information is being requested. In any case, both the assessment of the request as well as the possibility to inform you of it are at our sole discretion and may not make us liable from a civil, criminal or administrative point of view.
We operate internationally and may transfer personal data outside of Switzerland and the European Economic Area for the purposes described above.
In such case, we ensure that an adequate protection is guaranteed for the personal data transferred. Indeed, we will establish with the recipient of personal data a contractual framework (e.g., standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission) or other appropriate safeguards that ensure an adequate level of protection abroad. You may request access to a copy of these safeguards by contacting us through: https://www.tagheuer.com/Contact (Contact us, category Personal data).
6 - Our security measures
TAG Heuer is committed to respect your privacy. We have in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to limit to the maximum the processing of your data and maintain their security. This means in particular that, by default, only personal data which are necessary for each specific purpose of the processing are processed by us and all accesses to your personal data are limited to what is required for the purposes detailed under this Privacy Policy.
7 - Your rights
You have certain legal rights in relation to your personal data which you can exercise by contacting us through: https://www.tagheuer.com/Contact (Contact us, category Personal data). Those legal rights are outlined below.
You have the right to request access to or information about the personal data related to you which are processed by us.
You may ask to delete any or all your personal data collected by us as a result of your use of the Application.
You also have the right to request:
- to rectify your personal data but also to restrict the processing of your data;
- the portability of your data (i.e., the right to receive the personal data related to you that you provided to us and to transfer it to another data controller);
- to object to the processing of your data.
The request is free of charge unless your request is unfounded or excessive (e.g., if you have already requested such personal data multiple times in the last 12 months or if the request generates an extremely high workload). In such case, we may charge you a reasonable request fee according to applicable data protection legislation.
We encourage you to contact us if you feel your personal data has been mishandled or if we have failed to meet your expectations.
In any case, you may lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
8 - Privacy Policy updates
We may update or revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. We will ensure that you are informed of these changes either by a notice in the Application, for example, or, if applicable, by a personalized warning sent by email or through a Push notification. The Privacy Policy will be resubmitted to your acceptance if and when updated.
9 - Who we are and how to contact us
TAG Heuer, branch of LVMH Swiss Manufactures SA, is the data controller that provides you with the services as part of the Application. You may contact us at:
TAG Heuer
6A rue Louis-Joseph Chevrolet
2300, La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland
Please note that the representative of TAG Heuer in the European Union is:
LVMH Montres & Joaillerie SAS
79 boulevard Haussmann
75008, Paris, France
If you have any question or request regarding your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer through: https://www.tagheuer.com/Contact (Contact us, category Personal data).
10 – Rights for California residents
If you are residing in California, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, California Civil Code Sections 1798.100 et seq. (CCPA), effective January 1, 2020, may afford you additional rights. For example, California residents may have a right, following a verifiable request, to:
- access—twice in a 12-month period, free of charge—the categories and specific pieces of personal information TAG Heuer has collected about you in the 12-month period prior to the request, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business purposes for collecting the personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom TAG Heuer shares personal information; and
- delete personal information under certain circumstances.
Such requests may be made by contacting us (i) through: https://www.tagheuer.com/Contact (Contact us, category Personal data) or (ii) by calling 1-866-309-3467.
For your protection and security, once you have made a request, we will verify your identity using information you have previously provided to us, or other information that is specific to you. You may also authorize an agent to submit a request on your behalf, so long as you provide the authorized agent written permission to request on your behalf, and your authorized agent is able to verify their identity with us.
We do not discriminate against our users and customers on the basis of their exercising any of their rights afforded by the CCPA, which is further in accordance with California residents’ rights under that title.
Should you need access to this Privacy Policy in an alternative format due to a disability, please contact us through the methods provided above.