Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
Cookies
We use cookies to improve your website experience. Some cookies are necessary for website operation, while others help us track website traffic and advertise. Adjust your preferences or find out more below. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Amazon
1
Learn more about this provider
__paypal_storage__
Used in context with the PayPal payment-function on the website. The cookie is necessary for making a safe transaction through PayPal.
Cookiebot
4
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
CookieConsent [x3]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Pending
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Stripe
5
Learn more about this provider
__stripe_mid [x2]
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
__stripe_sid [x2]
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
m
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
Vimeo
2
Learn more about this provider
__cf_bm
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
_cfuvid
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
cdn.mxpnl.com
3
__mp_opt_in_out_# [x3]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
chat-assets.frontapp.com
jamessmith-academy.herokuapp.com
www.affordableonlinecoaching.com
www.jamessmithacademy.com
4
bugsnag-anonymous-id [x4]
This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website.
jamessmith-academy.herokuapp.com
www.affordableonlinecoaching.com
www.jamessmithacademy.com
6
csrftoken [x3]
Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks.
SESS# [x3]
Preserves users states across page requests.
m.stripe.com
3
Learn more about this provider
_ab
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
_mf
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
id
Pending
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsentBulkSetting-#
Enables cookie consent across multiple websites
chat-assets.frontapp.com
jamessmith-academy.herokuapp.com
www.affordableonlinecoaching.com
www.jamessmithacademy.com
4
frontChat:store [x4]
Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function.
chat-assets.frontapp.com
www.jamessmithacademy.com
6
fcaid [x2]
Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function.
fccid [x2]
Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function.
fcuid [x2]
Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function.
m.stripe.com
1
Learn more about this provider
1
This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Front
1
Learn more about this provider
dd_cookie_test_#
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
Google
14
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga [x4]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_# [x4]
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat [x3]
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid [x3]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Vimeo
1
Learn more about this provider
vuid
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read.
cdn.mxpnl.com
6
mp_#_mixpanel [x6]
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction.
chat-assets.frontapp.com
jamessmith-academy.herokuapp.com
www.affordableonlinecoaching.com
www.jamessmithacademy.com
4
_dd_s [x4]
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
6
Learn more about this provider
_fbp [x4]
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Google
2
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
ads/ga-audiences
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Unclassified
6
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Amazon
1
Learn more about this provider
persist:challenge
Pending
chat-assets.frontapp.com
jamessmith-academy.herokuapp.com
www.affordableonlinecoaching.com
3
frontChat:status [x3]
Pending
chat-assets.frontapp.com
www.jamessmithacademy.com
2
frontChatChannelToken [x2]
Pending
Cross-domain consent
3
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
affordableonlinecoaching.com
jamessmith-academy.herokuapp.com
jamessmithacademy.com
Cookie declaration last updated on 7/3/24 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Use necessary cookies only
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all cookies
Privacy Policy
Affordable Online Coaching Pty Ltd ACN 621 129 511 (
Affordable Online Coaching, us, our, and/or
                        we
) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (
Policy
) is compliant with the requirements of the
                        Privacy
                        Act 1988 (Cth) (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (
the Act
)
                        and
                        the Australian Privacy Principles (
APPs
) and is available free of charge
                        for
                        you to access on our website at www.jamessmithacademy.com/privacy/.
Please be aware that except to the extent required by law, or when it is deemed
                        impracticable to
                        do so, you have the option of remaining anonymous, or using a pseudonym, when dealing with
                        us in
                        relation to a particular matter.
1. SCOPE OF POLICY
This Policy applies to all information or opinion about an identified individual or an
                        individual who is reasonably identifiable (you), whether the information or opinion is true
                        or not, and whether the information is recorded in a material form or not (
Personal
                        Information
) that is collected, stored, used and disclosed by Affordable Online Coaching.
In this policy, we explain the kinds of Personal Information we collect, how and why we
                        collect and use it, and what controls you have over our use of it.
Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding the collection and
                        use of your Personal Information.
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT AFFORDABLE ONLINE COACHING COLLECTS AND HOLDS
The Personal Information collected, held, used and disclosed by us includes, but is not
                        limited to, the following information about you:
name and/or username;
date of birth (see section 3 below);
gender;
country of residence;
email address;
profile photo;
password to your account;
medical/health information (see section 3 below);
a record of pages you visit on our website or app (AOC App);
information collected through the use of cookies as set
                                out in, and in accordance, with our Cookies Policy at
https://www.jamessmithacademy.com/cookies-policy/
;
information and data about you received from third party
                                services and organisations – including but not limited to the Apple App Store, Google
                                Play Store and Facebook;
information about any complaints you may lodge; and
information about or related to your customised
                                training program, support provided to you by our coaches or any other service we provide
                                you through our website or app.
Some of the above information may also be classified as “health information” under the Act.
                        Please see section 3 below for details about how we might collect, hold, use or disclose
                        health information about you.
Information related to purchasing a subscription, including but not limited to billing
                        address, phone number and payment information such as a credit card number (
Financial
                        Information
) is processed by our third party processors and we do not collect,
                        store or
                        maintain your Financial Information unless we tell you otherwise at the time of your
                        purchase. For more information about Financial Information please see section 4 below.
3. HEALTH INFORMATION AND SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Given the nature of our business as provider of online fitness resources, we may also
                        collect some sensitive information about you, for example, information about your health,
                        which is afforded a higher level of privacy protection.
The Act includes the following information as “health information”:
information or an opinion about the health (including
                                illness, disability or injury) of
                                an
                                individual);
the individual’s expressed wishes about the future
                                provisions of health services
                                provided to
                                him or her; or
personal information which is collect as part of providing
                                a “health service”,
                                collectively, ‘
Health Information
’.
Under the Act, a “
health service
” includes (among other things) any
                        activity
                        intended or claimed to assess, maintain or improve an individual’s health, or to record the
                        individual’s health for the improving or managing the individual’s health.
Health Information which we might collect about you includes, but is not limited to:
any medical issues (as may be relevant to your use of Coach Support, Training
                                Programs or similar services we provide to you);
your health situation (for example, whether you are injured, pregnant or disabled, to
                                the extent relevant to your use of the Coach Support, Training Programs or other similar
                                services we provide to you);
your current height, weight, BMI and measurements;
what facilities or equipment you use to train;
training frequency;
training experience;
information and data about you received from third party services and organisations –
                                including but not limited to the Apple Health App, Fitbit and Garmin;
activity data, such as step count, sleep cycle, nutrition and workouts;
progress management – a weekly photo of you, and record of height, weight, measurements
                                and similar information, as you work towards your goals through our program;
progress management – a record of your progress in weekly exercises;
your daily calorie requirements calculated using the calorie calculator on our website
                                or app;
your specific nutritional requirements;
a description of your fitness and nutrition goals; and
any other information required for the provision of our programs to you.
We will not collect, use or disclose any of your Health Information except to the extent
                        necessary to provide a health service to you through our programs, and will ensure that any
                        Health Information is collected, used and disclosed only in accordance with rules
                        established by other competent health or medical bodies (where applicable) that deal with
                        obligations of professional confidentiality.
4. THIRD-PARTY PAYMENT PROCESSING
When you make purchases through our website or app, the Apple App Store, Google Play Store
                        or other third party application, your payments are processed by a third party processor.
In these instances, the third party processor may collect certain Financial Information from
                        you to process a payment on behalf of AOC, including your name, email address, address and
                        other billing information in which case the use and storage of your Financial Information is
                        governed by the third party processor’s terms, conditions and privacy policies.
5. HOW AFFORDABLE ONLINE COACHING COLLECTS AND HOLDS PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only collect Personal Information from you directly, unless it is unreasonable and
                        impractical to do so.
We may collect Personal Information from you directly in the following ways:
if you subscribe to a membership with Affordable Online Coaching or create an account on our
                                website or app;
if you log into your account using your social media or another third party account
                                (for example, Apple ID or Facebook account);
if you request assistance or advice from our online coaches;
if you make a request for support online, by the app, by email or by telephone;
if you participate in promotional offers;
if you choose to subscribe to our mailing list;
if you redeem a coupon issued by Affordable Online Coaching;
through the use of cookies as set out in, and in accordance, with our Cookies Policy
                                at
https://www.jamessmithacademy.com/cookies-policy/
;
                                and
if you disclose information such as contact details via our website or app.
In a situation where it is unreasonable or impractical to obtain Personal Information from
                        you directly, you may be asked to consent to our collection of your Personal Information
                        from a third-party.
Affordable Online Coaching holds Personal Information in databases hosted on servers based in the
                        United States (including on servers through Heroku, Amazon Web Services
                        (
AWS
), Google and
                        Uploadcare). None of these servers are based in Australia.
We take reasonable steps to:
protect your Personal Information from misuse,
                                interference and loss and from
                                unauthorised
                                access, modification or disclosure;
ensure that our system is appropriately backed-up to
                                prevent the loss of your Personal
                                Information; and
destroy or de-identify Personal Information when it is no
                                longer required.
Some security measures that we have in place to protect your Personal Information include
                        the
                        following:
access to the database where your personal information is
                                stored is restricted to
                                particular
                                authorised staff members;
the password for database access is changed frequently;
we use well-known and widely used development technology
                                to run and maintain our
                                website;
                                and
our hosting providers manage the server and database
                                protection in accordance with
                                standard
                                web practices.
In the case that any of the Personal Information held by Affordable Online Coaching is lost, or
                        subjected to unauthorised access, modification, disclosure or other misuse or interference,
                        we
                        will notify you immediately and advise you of the steps you should take in response to the
                        breach. Additionally, if we receive any unsolicited Personal Information (i.e. we
                        inadvertently
                        obtain information about you that we did not request) we will determine whether we would
                        have
                        been able to obtain the information by the methods described in this section 4. If not, we
                        will,
                        as soon as practicable, destroy the information and ensure that the information is
                        de-identified.
6. PERSONAL AND HEALTH INFORMATION COLLECTED BY AFFORDABLE ONLINE COACHING FROM THIRD PARTIES
We may obtain Personal Information (including Health Information) about you from external or
                        third party sources, including but not limited to the following circumstances:
when you use a social media account (eg Facebook, Instagram, Apple or Google) to
                                register or log into your account or subscribe to a membership with Affordable Online Coaching,
                                we may collect Personal Information about you in connection with social networking
                                services (for example, your name, gender, profile photo and information, people you
                                follow or who follow you, your email address, date of birth, work history, education
                                history, interests, country/area of residence, a record of pages or websites you visit
                                and/or any preferences);
when you connect a third party device and/or app to Affordable Online Coaching and/or the
                                AOC App. For example, you may connect your Apple Health App, Fitbit or Garmin device or
                                account to the AOC App and/or our website and your information (including Personal
                                Information and Health Information such as height, weight, BMI, measurements, step
                                count, sleep cycle, nutrition and workouts) from these devices and apps will be passed
                                along to Affordable Online Coaching.
We may also supplement certain information that we collect from you with information provided by
                        external or third party sources.
7. THE PURPOSE FOR WHICH AFFORDABLE ONLINE COACHING COLLECTS, HOLDS, USES AND DISCLOSES PERSONAL
                        INFORMATION
Personal Information which is collected by Affordable Online Coaching will be held, used and
                        disclosed
                        by us for the primary purpose of providing training and fitness regimes to our customers
                        including:
personalising our fitness regimes to help you achieve your
                                individual fitness goals;
formulating our fitness programs to suit your individual
                                health requirements;
providing you with the tools necessary to determine your
                                nutritional requirements and
                                track
                                your food intake;
notifying you of account activity or update (such as a
                                completed training program, group
                                comment or weekly check-in);
sending you an email to notify you of any account changes
                                or updates to our services
                                (such
                                as coach updates to our user programs, training group comments, or weekly check-ins);
supporting and enhancing our relationship with you (this
                                includes processing your
                                membership
                                subscription, providing you with better support and service and sharing company news and
                                information with you);
to provide insights into the progress and experiences of
                                Affordable Online Coaching members;
                                and
to deal with complaints.
Affordable Online Coaching may also disclose Personal Information to the extent required or
                        authorised
                        by applicable law, but otherwise will never do so without your consent or otherwise as
                        expressly
                        provided for in this Privacy Policy.
Affordable Online Coaching does not sell any of your Personal Information to third parties.
8. OVERSEAS STORAGE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As set out in section 5 above, your Personal Information is stored on servers hosted in the
                        United States through third-party hosting services such as Heroku, AWS, Google and Uploadcare.
We will not distribute the Personal Information you provide to another foreign entity unless
                        we
                        are required to do so by law or you provide your express consent to such a disclosure.
                        Before
                        disclosing any of your Personal Information to a foreign entity, we would also take
                        reasonable
                        steps to ensure that the entity to whom we disclose the information does not breach any of
                        the
                        Australian Privacy Principles.
9. CONSEQUENCES IF ALL OR SOME PERSONAL INFORMATION IS NOT COLLECTED
You do not have to provide us with any Personal Information. However, if you choose to
                        withhold
                        any requested information, you may not be able to utilise our full offering, access special
                        promotions or we may not be able to provide you with personalised support that is dependent
                        upon
                        the collection of such information.
10. HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide our services
                        (as described in section 7 above) to you.
11. ACCESS, CORRECTION AND DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have a right to request access to your Personal Information and/or Health Information
                        and to request its correction and/or deletion, by emailing us at
                        contact@jamessmithacademy.com or by otherwise sending your request to the address specified
                        in section 12 below.
Upon receipt of a written request from you, we will:
give you access to the Personal Information and/or Health Information we hold about you
                                within 30 days of receiving your request unless an exception to access applies under the
                                Privacy Act; and
comply with our obligations under the Privacy Act to correct, amend, delete or cease
                                to deal with any Personal Information and/or Health Information we hold about you if it
                                proves to be factually inaccurate, incomplete, or irrelevant to the purpose(s) for which
                                it is being held within 30 days. If a request is made to delete your Personal
                                Information and/or Health Information, we will take all reasonable steps to delete the
                                information except where the information is required for legal reasons.
12. COMPLAINTS PROCESS
If you have a complaint about the way we have dealt with your Personal Information please make a
                        complaint in writing to our Customer Support Manager, whose details are included in section 13
                        below. We will respond to all complaints within 30 days.
Please note that you may lodge your complaint anonymously. However, this may limit our
                        ability
                        to deal with your complaint and implement a satisfactory remedy.
If you do not receive a response from us within the specified period, or are dissatisfied
                        with
                        our response, you may then lodge your complaint with the Office of the Australian
                        Information
                        Commissioner (
OAIC
). To lodge a complaint with the OAIC you can either
                        submit a
                        Privacy Complaint Form online or submit the form to the OAIC by mail, fax or email. The
                        Privacy
                        Complaint Form and further details on how to lodge a complaint with the OAIC can be accessed
                        via
                        the OAIC website at: https://www.oaic.gov.au/individuals/how-do-i-make-a-privacy-complaint.
13. CUSTOMER SUPPORT MANAGER CONTACT DETAILS
By Email:
support@jamessmithacademy.com
By post:
The Privacy Officer
Affordable Online Coaching Holdings Pty Ltd
11 Wembley Road
Moss Vale NSW 2577
14. UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any updates, changes or
                        amendments to this Policy by posting on the AOC App and/or Website. The updated Policy will take
                        effect (unless we specify a later date):
for new users or for personal information that you provide on or after the updated
                                Policy is posted or notified to you, from the date of posting or notification (whichever
                                earlier);
for existing users (other than personal information that you provide after the
                                updated Policy is posted or notified to you), 7 days after we notify you that the Policy
                                has been updated.
By continuing to use the AOC App, Website and/or Services after the applicable date set out
                        above, you agree to the terms of the updated Policy.
If you are an existing user and do not wish to agree to the terms of an updated Policy, you must
                        notify us within 7 days of being notified of the updated Policy. Such a notification will be
                        treated as a request to delete your personal information under section 11 of this Policy and
                        will be handled in accordance with that section.
This privacy policy was last updated on 8 November 2023.