Data protection policy
The principles how Papaya processes personal data are described in this Policy.
The Policy apply if you visit our Website or/and use, have used or have expressed an intention to use
                    or are in other way related to any of the services provided by us.
1. Definitions
“Biometric data”
means Personal data resulting from specific technical processing relating to
                    the physical, physiological or behavioural characteristics of a natural person, which allow or
                    confirm the unique identification of that natural person, such as facial images.
“Controller”
means a person which determines the purposes and means of the Processing of
                    Personal data.
“Personal data”
means any information about personal or factual circumstances of a specific or
                    identifiable natural person, such as e.g. name and surname, date of birth, place of birth,
                    identification document (including type of identification document, issue date, ID number, issuing
                    authority), address, telephone number, mobile phone number, e-mail address, IP address, online
                    identifier, location data, images and information on transactions and accounts.
“Policy”
means this Data protection policy.
“Processing”
means any operation carried out with Personal data (incl. collection, recording,
                    storing, alteration, grant of access to, making enquiries, transfer, etc.).
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which
                    processes Personal data on behalf of the Controller.
“Profiling”
means any form of automated processing of Personal data consisting of the use of
                    Personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you, in particular to analyse or
                    predict aspects concerning that your performance at work, economic situation, health, personal
                    preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
“Recipient”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to
                    which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities
                    which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or
                    Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients.
“Third party”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than
                    you, we (asa Controller), Processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the Controller or
                    Processor, are authorised to process personal data.
“we”
,
“us”
or
“our”
or
“Papaya”
means Papaya Ltd., registered with the
                    Registrar of Companies in Malta, with registered office: 31 Sliema Road, Gzira GZR 1637, Malta, and
                    registration no. C 55146. VAT No.: MT 2075 1731; Papaya’s head office is located at 31 Sliema Road,
                    Gzira GZR 1637; electronic mail address - info@papaya.eu. Papaya Ltd is Electronic Money Institution
                    (EMI), headquartered in Malta and regulated by the Malta Financial Services Authority (MFSA).
“Website”
means Papaya’s website at www.papaya.eu.
“you”
or
“your”
refers to individual who use, have used or have expressed an intention
                    to use or are in other way related to any of the services provided by us.
2. General provisions
The purpose of this Policy is to inform you about Processing of your Personal data.
By giving us your Personal data, you consent to us processing that Personal data for the
                        purposes stated in this Policy.
We ensures, within the framework of applicable law, the confidentiality of Personal data and has
                        implemented appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard Personal data from
                        unauthorized access, unlawful Processing or disclosure, accidental loss, modification or
                        destruction.
We may use authorised Processors for Processing of Personal data. In such cases, we take needed
                        steps to ensure that such data processors Process Personal data under our instructions and in
                        compliance with applicable law and requires adequate security measures.
We are not responsible for the processing of Personal data by any person acting as a data
                        controller, and such processing is not covered by this Policy.
3. Data controller
The controller of personal data we collect, process and use pursuant this policy is:
Papaya Ltd.
, registered with the Registrar of Companies in Malta, with registered
                                office: 31 Sliema Road, Gzira GZR 1637, Malta, and registration no. C 55146. VAT No.: MT
                                2075 1731; Papaya’s head office is located at 31 Sliema Road, Gzira GZR 1637; electronic
                                mail address - info@papaya.eu. Papaya Ltd is Electronic Money Institution (EMI),
                                headquartered in Malta and regulated by the Malta Financial Services Authority (MFSA).
Representative: Mrs. Lina Rojas  (lina@papaya.eu).
4. Categories of personal data
Personal data may be collected exactly from you, from your use of the services, from external
                        sources (public and private registers, open sources) or other third parties. Personal data
                        categories which we primarily, but not only, collect and processes are:
Identification data:
name, and surname, date of birth, place of birth,
                                identification document (including type of identification document, issue date, ID
                                number, issuing authority), your selfie (photo).
Contact data
: address, telephone number, mobile phone number, e-mail address.
Data about tax residency
: data about the country of residence, tax identification
                                number, citizenship.
Family data
: information about your family and other related person’s.
Professional data
: educational or professional career, occupation.
Financial data
: accounts and accounts data, payment instruments and payments
                                instrument data, ownership, transactions, credits, income, liabilities, your financial
                                experience and reputation, as well as other related data collected during the provision
                                of services.
Data on origin of assets or wealth
: data regarding you transaction partners and
                                business activities.
Data about due diligence
: data about payment behavior, data that enables us to
                                perform our due diligence measures regarding money laundering and terrorist financing
                                prevention and to ensure the compliance with national and international sanctions.
Data processing by performing an obligation arising from law
: data resulting from
                                enquiries made by investigative bodies, notaries, tax administrator, courts and
                                bailiffs.
Communication data
: data collected when you visit us or communicate with us via
                                telephone, visual and/or audio recordings, e-mail, messages and other communication
                                mechanisms, data related to your visit at Website or communicating through other
                                channels (for example, mobile application).
Data related to contractual obligations
: the performance or the failure of the
                                agreements, executed transactions, usage of ATMs, submitted applications, requests and
                                complaints, service fees and charges.
Data about the relationships with legal entities
: data for the execution of
                                transactions on behalf of the legal entity in question.
Location data
, for example, GPS coordinates.
Information Technology data
, for example, IP address, online identifier,
                                information about device.
Special categories of data
, for example, Biometric data, such as facial images.
5. Purposes of processing
We collect your personal data primarily for the following purposes:
the performance of contractual and pre-contractual obligations
: handling
                                (processing) of your application for services prior to entering into an agreement;
                                conclusion and execution of agreements; keeping Personal data updated and correct by
                                verifying and enriching through external and internal sources based on performance of an
                                agreement or in order to take steps at your application prior to entering into an
                                agreement or compliance with a legal obligation;
the protection of your und our interest
: assurance and examine the quality of
                                services provided by us; providing proof of a transaction or of communication based on
                                the performance of an agreement or in order to process your application prior to
                                entering into an agreement or compliance with a legal obligation or your consent or our
                                legitimate interests to prevent, limit and investigate any misuse or unlawful use or
                                disturbance of our services; our legitimate interest to protect you, our employees,
                                visitors and our and your assets;
the prevention of abuse of services and provision of adequate services
to ensure
                                the safety of information and our digital services based on the performance of an
                                agreement or in order to process your application prior to entering into an agreement or
                                compliance with a legal obligation or your consent or our legitimate interests to have
                                control over authorizations, access to and functioning of our digital services; to
                                improve technical systems and IT-infrastructure based on our legitimate interests to
                                improve technical systems and IT-infrastructure;
the ensuring compliance with applicable laws and regulation to which we are
                                subject
, including laws and regulation related to tax, prevention of money
                                laundering and funding of terrorism, reporting to competent authorities, and compliance
                                with orders from any court or competent authority;
the execution of transaction through the payment system
to execute international
                                transactions or/and domestic payments via credit institutions or/and domestic, European
                                and international payment systems and to comply with rules and obligations of European
                                and international standards and certification schemes based on the performance of an
                                agreement or in order to process your application prior to entering into an agreement or
                                compliance with a legal obligation;
the promotion and marketing of our products and services
: offering to you our
                                additional services, including personalized offers, based on your consent or our
                                legitimate interest to offer additional services. The performance of market analyses
                                based on our legitimate interest to improve our services and to develop new products or
                                your consent;
risk assessment and analysis
to carry out risk assessments in order to determine
                                which services and on what terms can be offered to you, to comply with applicable law
                                relating to risk assessments, capital requirements, internal calculations and analyses
                                based on the performance of an agreement or in order to process your application prior
                                to entering into an agreement or compliance with a legal obligation or our legitimate
                                interests to a sound risk management.
Providing your Personal data to us is optional. However, if you choose not to provide certain
                        Personal data to us, we may not be able to deliver products or services to you.
6. Profiling and automated decision making
Profiling is used to make analysis for advice, for automated decision-making about conclusion of
                        the agreement and/ or continuation of the agreement, for risk management, for transaction
                        monitoring to counter fraud and is based on our legitimate interest, compliance with a legal
                        obligation, performance of an agreement or consent from you.
Unless direct marketing has been restricted by you, we may process Personal data for the purpose
                        of providing general and personalized offers of our services. Such marketing may be based on
                        services you use and on how you navigate in digital our channels.
For personal offering and marketing based profiling, we ensure that you can make choices and use
                        a convenient tool to manage your privacy settings.
7. Processing of personal data
Personal data will be processed by our employees and officers.
Personal data may also be transferred to authorised Processors who act for or on our behalf, for
                        further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which Personal data were originally
                        collected. These Processors have contracted with us to only use your Personal data for the
                        agreed upon purpose, and not to sell your personal information to third parties, and not to
                        disclose it to third parties except as may be required by law, as permitted by us or as stated
                        in this Policy.
8. Recipients of personal data
Personal data may be shared with other Recipients, such as:
authorities (for example, supervision authorities and financial intelligence units, law
                                enforcement authorities, bailiffs, notary offices, tax authorities);
credit and financial institutions, intermediaries of financial services, third parties
                                involved in execution of the transaction, settlement and reporting cycle;
participants and/or parties related to domestic, European and international payment
                                systems, such as SWIFT;
third parties that supervise and audit our operations;
third parties maintaining registers (for example, credit registers, population
                                registers, commercial registers);
other persons who provide services to us, such as postal services.
9. Retention period
Your personal data will not be stored for a time period exceeding the necessary term to the
                        purpose of their collection, according to applicable law.
10. Transfer of personal data to countries outside the european union
Personal data may be transferred outside the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU)
                        2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of
                        natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such
                        data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) and Commission
                        Decision of 20 December 2001 pursuant to Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of
                        the Council on the adequate protection of personal data provided by the Canadian Personal
                        Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (notified under document number C(2001)
                        4539).
11. Your rights as a data subject
You are entitled to
receive information if your Personal data is being processed by us and if so then to
                                access it;
receive Personal data provided by you and processed by us based on consent or in order
                                to perform an agreement in written or commonly used electronical format and were
                                feasible transmit such data to another service provider;
require the correction your Personal data where appropriate (if it is inadequate,
                                incomplete or incorrect).
withdraw your consent for Processing of your Personal data;
require the erasure of your Personal data. Such right does not apply if Processing of
                                Personal data also based on legal grounds such as agreement or obligations based on
                                applicable law.
object to Processing of your Personal data, if the use of Personal Data is based on a
                                legitimate interests, for example, for direct marketing;
restrict the Processing of your Personal data under applicable law;
not to be subject to fully automated decision-making, including profiling, if such
                                decision-making has legal effects or similarly significantly affects you. This right
                                does not apply if the decision-making is necessary in order to enter into or to perform
                                an agreement with you, if the decision-making is permitted under applicable law or if
                                you have provided an explicit consent.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights as a data subject or if you have any questions, please contact us by sending an e-mail to dpo@papaya.eu, by visiting us or writing to us at Papaya Ltd., 31, Sliema Road, Gzira, GZR 1637, Malta.
If you have any concerns about your personal data processing by us you have a right to make a
                        complaint to the Information and Data Protection Commissioner of Malta (https://idpc.org.mt).
You have a right to delete your account and associated personal data provided during the registration and service operation. In order to delete it, you have to contact the Blackcatcard Support team via the Support chat in the Blackcatcard app (iOS / Android), online bank, or via email
support2@blackcatcard.com
. If you are contacting the Support team via email, please, make sure that the used email is attached to your Blackcatcard account. The account closing procedure may take up to 30 business days, and you will be informed via email when it is successfully completed.
12. Use of cookies and web beacons
We may use Cookies. “Cookies” are small text files sent by a Website or mobile application (if
                        you use it) so that the Website or mobile application can recall who you are; they serve as a
                        memory, therefore, enabling a Website or mobile application to remember users who have already
                        visited the site. Such cookies are stored on your access device.
More detailed information about cookies and similar tracking technologies is given in our
Cookie Policy
(posted on the Website or mobile application).
13. Links to other websites
Our Website or mobile application may contain links to websites operated by third parties. When
                        connecting to such other websites you will no longer be subject to this Policy but to the
                        privacy and data protection policy of the other website. We are not responsible for the privacy
                        and data protection practices of these other websites and we encourage you to read the privacy
                        and data protection statements of each website you visit, which may collect personal
                        information.
14. Changes to this policy
This Policy is available to you in the premises of our main office, on the Website, in mobile
                        application (if you use it). We may change this Policy at any time by notifying you of any
                        amendments in the premises of our main office, on the Website, in mobile application (if you use
                        it) not later than one month prior to the amendments entering into force.