Privacy Policy
Contents
Last updated September 27, 2021
Introduction
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
Information Use and Disclosure
Your Choices About How We Use and Share Your Information
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
Your California Privacy Rights
Your European Union Privacy Rights
Cookies
Data Security
Children Under the Age of 13
Updates to our Privacy Policy
Subprocessors
How to Contact Us
Introduction
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the AmiGo App. By accessing or using this App, you agree to this policy. This policy may change from time to time (see
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
below). Your continued use of this App after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please review the policy periodically for updates.
AmiGo Travel, Inc. (“
Company
” or “
we
” or “
us
” or “
our
”) is providing this privacy policy (this “
Policy
”) to describe the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our mobile application (the “
App
”) and inform you of our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This Policy applies to information we collect:
On our App, through information you provide when signing up for the App or through your use of the App and its features;
In general communication via email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this App or our contact email; and
When you download our App, which may provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this App.
This Policy does not apply to information collected by:
Use offline or through any other means, including on any other website or App operated by us; or
Any third party, including through any application, content, or advertising that may link to or be accessible from the App via another user’s postings or other hyperlinked content.
Back to top
Information We Collect
We collect several types of information from and about users of our App, including information contained in the profile you create to register on our App, such as:
Personal Information.
Your name, username, email and password, profile picture, social media login (optional), phone number (optional), city you're based in (optional),  biography about yourself (optional) gender (optional), and age (optional, but you must be age 13 or older to use this App), travel interests (optional), Facebook user profile information (optional), Facebook friends list (optional), Address book contact information including name and phone numbers (optional).
Usage and Device Information.
Your internet or data connection (to include IP address and possibly WiFi data), the equipment you use to access our App, and usage details such as access dates and times; or
Location Information.
Your location, taken from some or all of the following geolocation methods: GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth and/or cellular technology in your device. With your consent, we collect location information from photographs in your Travel History
and your background GPS location
We collect this information:
Directly
from you when you create or update your AmiGo profile;
Indirectly
from you, from using geolocation to track your location or updates you send to your AmiGo account such as photographs and travel history; andfrom you when you create or update your AmiGo profile;
Automatically
from your device as you navigate through the App or through geolocation as you travel. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, GPS, WiFi and Bluetooth information, and information collected through cookies and web beacons.
Back to top
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect through our App when you create your AmiGo profile may include:
Account Information
that you provide by completing forms on our App, including information you provided at the time of registering to use our App, subscribing to our service, and information and data you post. It may also include your age (an optional field), and gender (an optional field), and information you provide when you report a problem with our App.
User support correspondence
when you contact us, including email addresses, and records of your correspondence. We also may create event logs to diagnose product or app related issues, and capture information relating to any support or service issues.
Information published, posted or displayed
on public areas of the App or transmitted to other users of the App or third parties (collectively, “
User Contributions
”).
Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.
Your Instagram handle
, by your choosing to log into your Instagram account during registration, you will be allowing your Instagram Handle to be displayed on your profile.
Your Instagram feed
, when you use the option to log into Instagram to access and import select Instagram photos from your Instagram feed. Although we limit access to certain pages, and you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the App with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Your photos, camera access and related information
. Our App will request your consent to access your photos and multimedia files on your device and your device’s camera, with use of associated personal information.
Third party service.
If you link, connect, or login to your Account with a third-party service (for example: Google), the third-party service may send us information such as your registration and profile information. This information varies and is controlled by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings in that service.
Back to top
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our App, we may use automatic data collection technologies, such as
cookies
and web beacons, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Geolocation data.
Details of your visits to our App, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the App. We will request your permission to use geolocation services to see the locations of your photos and multimedia files.
Device and internet connection information
, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
Behavioral tracking
of your activities on the App and interaction with other third-party applications (e.g. Instagram) over time.
Combined information.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we also may combine information collected automatically to personal information about you that you provide to us or we collect from your device and internet connection.
Back to top
Information Use and Disclosure
Other than as listed below, we will not collect additional categories of personal information, use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes, or share your personal information with any other third party without providing you notice.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, directly, indirectly, or automatically, including any personal information to:
Create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
Fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information:
Detect where and when you are going on a trip and, to the extent you consent, offer to help track those trips.
Inform the App of your language configuration, the home country of your device, and who you are as a traveler.
Your photos and multimedia files (with geolocation data) on your device allow you to see which cities and places you have visited, and to easily choose which photos you would like to add to your “My Places” catalog of your favorite places.
Access to the device camera will allow you to take photos in real-time and upload them to your “My Places” catalog.
Access to your Instagram feed will allow you to upload photos you have posted on Instagram to your “My Places” catalog.
Use, store, and process information that we collect automatically to (1) provide, understand, improve and develop our App; (2) create and maintain a trusted and safer environment, and (3) deliver a better and more personalized service, enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns; customize our App according to your individual interests; accelerate your searches; and recognize you when you return to our App.
Provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
Personalize your App experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
Maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our App, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
Test, research, analyze and develop our App, products, and services.
Respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
Provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices, if applicable.
Notify you about changes to our App or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
Allow you to participate in interactive features on our App.
Detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, and other harmful activity.
Achieve any other purpose you authorize at the time of collection.
Contact you about our own goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile. For more information, see
Your Choices About How We Use and Share Your Information
.
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide, as described in this privacy policy:
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our
Terms of Use
.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our App users is among the assets transferred.
Back to top
Your Choices About How We Use and Share Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with control over your information:
Whether Information Is Required or Optional.
Your email and a password or your social media login, username, your name, hometown, and the city you live in are required to enable us to provide our services to you. All other personal information is optional.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your device to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when
cookies
are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our App may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company.
If you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by us to promote our products or services, you can opt-out at any time by logging into the App and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes, or by sending us an email stating your request to info@amigo.app. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.
How Long Your Personal Information Will Be Kept.
We will retain the following data for as long as you are a customer of AmiGo and then for six months after you leave AmiGo: email and password OR social media log in; username; name; hometown; the city you currently live in.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see
Your California Privacy Rights
for more information.
Back to top
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your registration information by logging into the App and visiting your account profile page in Settings. You may also send us an email at
info@amigo.app
to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
We can edit your personal information but may not be able to delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may decline a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the App, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or might have been copied or stored by other App users. Proper access and use of information provided on the App, including User Contributions, is governed by our
Terms of Use
.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see
Your California Privacy Rights
for more information.
Back to top
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents may have the following additional personal information rights and choices under the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA)
.
Information We Have Collected from You or Your Device
Our App has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Unique identifiers and personal information categories under the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such as a real name, alias (user name), unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, homer address (limited to city and country), and age.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law such as sex, including gender, gender identity, and gender expression from optional fields.
Internet or other similar network activity, including information on your interaction with our App.
Geolocation data such as physical location or movements according to our App’s functionality.
Our App has not collected any of the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Commercial information such as shopping and browsing habits.
Biometric data.
Professional or employment data.
Non-public education information under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 C.F.R. § 99).
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Certain other categories of personal information are excluded under the CCPA, including:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
California law permits users and customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Data disclosed to those third parties. See the
How To Contact Us
section below for where to send such requests.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
AmiGo does not sell its users’ information to third parties.
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “
right to opt-out
”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “
right to opt-in
”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may exercise their right to opt-out at any time.
To exercise your right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by emailing us at
info@amigo.app
.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt-in to personal information sales at any time by emailing us at
info@amigo.app
.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that
may result
in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. We currently do not provide any financial incentives.
Back to top
Your European Union Privacy Rights
In the use of our services, we mainly act as data processor and, in some cases, we may act as data controller when we determine the purposes and means of the processing of personal information. European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA) residents may exercise any of the rights described in this section by using the applicable functionality in our App or by contacting us directly. If you reside outside of the EU or EEA, you may have similar rights under your local laws. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking action on your request.
Purposes and Legal Basis for Collecting and Using Your Personal Information
The purposes for processing personal information are described in detail in
Information Use and Disclosure
. In the use of our App, when we act as data controller, the legal basis is as follows:
Consent:
Giving us your information is voluntary, but we rely on the information you provide to give you the best user experience possible with our App.
Legitimate Interests:
We use your information to understand where you are from so that we can detect when you are going on a trip and offer to help you track your trips, or to help you easily access recommendations from your social network.
Consequences of Our Use of Your Personal Information
Our App uses your personal information to provide you with a personalized experience. There is no detrimental effect on any of your personal information, such as having third parties obtain your information for marketing, or your location being shown to others without your consent.
Transfer of Your Information Out of the EEA
We use Amazon Web Services (AWS) for data storage and may transfer your personal information to AWS’s servers, some of which are located outside the EEA.
AWS has multiple regions within the EU in order to serve our European customers, as we are based in the United States. AWS is GDPR compliant, for more information, see
AWS GDPR Compliance
.
The United States does not have the same data protection laws as the United Kingdom and EEA. While the European Commission has not given a formal decision that the United States provides an adequate level of data protection similar to those which apply in the United Kingdom and EEA, any transfer of your personal information will be subject to suitable safeguards (as permitted under Article 46 GDPR, transfers subject to appropriate safeguards) of the GDPR that are designed to help safeguard your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of a misuse of your personal information. To obtain a copy of the such safeguards, see
AWS Global Compliance
.
If you would like further information, please contact us at 917-540-5027 or
info@amigo.app
. We will not otherwise transfer your personal data outside of the United Kingdom or EEA or to any organization (or subordinate bodies) governed by public international law or which is set up under any agreement between two or more countries.
Your Rights Under the GDPR
Fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information
Access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address
Require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold.
Require us to erase personal information concerning you in certain situations.
Receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
Object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
Object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you.
Object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information.
Otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Seek compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection laws.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please:
Contact us in any of the ways listed below under
How to Contact Us
.
Provide enough information to identify you such as your user name and other information given when you joined AmiGo.
Provide proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driver’s license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill) to prevent someone else from shutting down your account.
Let us know your request or any specific issues or concerns.
If you would like to unsubscribe from any features of this App, you can also click on the unsubscribe button at the bottom of the App. It may take up to 30 days for this to take place.
Keeping Your Personal Information Secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorized manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulating authority of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit
www.getsafeonline.org
. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
How to Complain
The GDPR also gives you the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU (or EEA) state where you work, normally live, or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the country in which you live is the Supervising Authority for data issues in your area who may be contacted at their website or local phone number.
Back to top
Cookies
Our App and www.amigo.app landing page uses cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our service (for example, we remember your login details and to sort your travel recommendations in a more personalized way). By continuing to use our App, you consent to our use of cookies.
Back to top
Data Security
We have implemented certain measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers at Amazon Web Services behind firewalls using SSL technology. The safety and security of your information also depends on you because you are responsible for keeping your passwords confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the App-like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the App. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our App. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the App.
Back to top
Children Under the Age of 13
Our App is designed for use by persons age 13 years and older. No one under age 13 should provide any personal information to, or otherwise post on the App. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13. If you are under age 13, do not use or provide any information on this App or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from anyone under age 13, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a person under age 13, please contact us at
info@amigo.app
or 917-540-5027. California residents under age 16 years may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see
Your California Privacy Rights
for more information.
Back to top
Updates to our Privacy Policy
We will post any changes to this Policy on our App home page, with a notice that the Policy has been updated on the Company website, via email to users, and/or via pop-up notification on the App. The date the Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our App and this Policy to check for any changes.
Your continued use of our App following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Back to top
Subprocessors
To support the delivery of AmiGo services, we rely on several third parties. AmiGo makes an effort to anonymize user data where possible.
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Foursquare Labs, Inc.
OneSignal
Instabug
Facebook
Google LLC
MailChimp
Back to top
How to Contact Us
To ask questions or comment about this Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Write to:
AmiGo Travel, Inc., 1688 Meridian Ave, Suite 700, Miami Beach, FL 33139
Email:
info@amigo.app
Phone:
(786) 473-1191
Back to top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa:
Skip to main content
Home
About
Who We Are
About AG Rob Bonta
About the Office of the Attorney General
History of the Office
What We Do
Public Safety
Opinions and Quo Warranto
Research Advisory Panel
Research Center
Children & Families
Civil Rights
Consumer Protection
Environment & Public Health
What We're Working On
Housing
Office of Gun Violence Prevention
21st Century Policing
Consumer Protection and Economic Opportunity
Health Care
Environmental Justice
Equality
Immigration
Children’s Rights
OpenJustice
Media
Media Center
Press Releases
Media Library
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Careers
Career Opportunities
How to Apply
Assessments
Job Vacancies
Internships & Student Positions
Become a Special Agent
Become a Deputy Attorney General
Organization of the Office
About the Office
Legal Services Divisions
Division of Law Enforcement
California Justice Information Services (CJIS)
Administration
AG Honors Program & Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Attorney General's Honors Program
Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Regulations
Resources
For Businesses
Submit Data Security Breach
Privacy Resources
SB 478 - Hidden Fees
Service on the Attorney General
Office Locations / Status Updates
Laws Requiring Service on the AG
Open Government
Overview
Ballot Initiatives
Conflicts of Interest
Criminal Justice Statistics
Public Records
Publications
Grants
Grant Opportunities
Programs
Programs
See All Programs
Most Popular
Charities
Megan's Law
CURES
Service on the Attorney General
Division of Medi-Cal Fraud & Elder Abuse
Most Popular
Permits & Registrations
Prop 65 – Safe Drinking Water
Missing Persons
Data Security Breach
Human Trafficking
Appointments
Contact
Contact Us
Contact Us - En español
Contáctenos/Formularios
Service on the Attorney General
Home
Privacy
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Updated on March 13, 2024
The
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(CCPA) gives consumers more control over the personal information that businesses collect about them and the
CCPA regulations
provide guidance on how to implement the law.  This landmark law secures new privacy rights for California consumers, including:
The
right to know
about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared;
The
right to delete
personal information collected from them (with some exceptions);
The
right to opt-out
of the sale or sharing of their personal information including via the
GPC
;
The
right to non-discrimination
for exercising their CCPA rights.
In November of 2020, California voters approved
Proposition 24, the CPRA
, which amended the CCPA and added new additional privacy protections that began on January 1, 2023. As of January 1, 2023, consumers have new rights in addition to those above, such as:
The
right to correct
inaccurate personal information that a business has about them; and
The
right to limit
the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information collected about them.
Businesses
that are subject to the CCPA have several responsibilities, including responding to consumer requests to exercise these rights and giving consumers certain
notices explaining their privacy practices
. The CCPA applies to many businesses, including
data brokers
.
CPRA amends the CCPA; it does not create a separate, new law.  As a result, our office typically refers to the law as “CCPA” or “CCPA, as amended.”
Links to Topics
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
These FAQs provide general consumer information about the CCPA and how you can exercise your rights under the CCPA. They are not legal advice, regulatory guidance, or an opinion of the Attorney General. We will update this information periodically.
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
1. What rights do I have under the CCPA?
If you are a California resident, you may ask businesses to disclose what personal information they have about you and what they do with that information, to delete your personal information, to direct businesses not to sell or share your personal information, to correct inaccurate information that they have about you, and to limit businesses’ use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information:
Right to know
: You can request that a business disclose to you: (1) the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information they have collected about you, (2) the categories of sources for that personal information, (3) the purposes for which the business uses that information, (4) the categories of third parties with whom the business discloses the information, and (5) the categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties. You can make a request to know up to twice a year, free of charge.
Right to delete
: You can request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and tell their service providers to do the same, subject to certain exceptions (such as if the business is legally required to keep the information).
Right to opt-out of sale or sharing
: You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”), including via a user-enabled global privacy control. Businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later authorize them to do so again.
Right to correct
: You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
: You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
You also have the right to be notified, before or at the point businesses collect your personal information, of the types of personal information they are collecting and what they may do with that information. Generally, businesses cannot discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Businesses cannot make you waive these rights, and any contract provision that says you waive these rights is unenforceable.
2. What if I am not a California resident?
Only California residents have rights under the CCPA. A California resident is a natural person (as opposed to a corporation or other business entity) who resides in California, even if the person is temporarily outside of the state.
3. What is considered personal information and sensitive personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information
is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household. For example, it could include your name, social security number, email address, records of products purchased, internet browsing history, geolocation data, fingerprints, and inferences from other personal information that could create a profile about your preferences and characteristics.
Sensitive personal information
is a specific subset of personal information that includes certain government identifiers (such as social security numbers); an account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number with any required security code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; contents of mail, email, and text messages; genetic data; biometric information processed to identify a consumer; information concerning a consumer’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; or information about racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership. Consumers have the right to also limit a business’s use and disclosure of their sensitive personal information.
Personal information does not include publicly available information (including public real estate/property records) and certain
types of information
.
4. What is not considered personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information does not include publicly available information that is from federal, state, or local government records, such as professional licenses and public real estate/property records.  The definition of publicly available information also includes information that a business has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by the consumer or from widely distributed media, or certain information disclosed by a consumer and made available if the consumer has not restricted the information to a specific audience.
The CCPA also exempts certain types of information such as certain medical information and consumer credit reporting information.
5. What businesses does the CCPA apply to?
The CCPA applies to for-profit businesses that do business in California and meet any of the following:
Have a gross annual revenue of over $25 million;
Buy, sell, or share the personal information of 100,000 or more California residents or households; or
Derive 50% or more of their annual revenue from selling California residents’ personal information.
6. Does the CCPA apply to nonprofits or government agencies?
The CCPA generally does not apply to nonprofit organizations or government agencies.
7. What can I do if I think a business violated the CCPA?
You cannot sue businesses for most CCPA violations. You can only sue a business under the CCPA if there is a data breach, and even then, only under limited circumstances. You can sue a business if your nonencrypted and nonredacted personal information was stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
For all other violations of the CCPA, only the Attorney General or the California Privacy Protection Agency may take legal action against non-compliant entities. The Attorney General does not represent individual California consumers. Using consumer complaints and other information, the Attorney General may identify patterns of misconduct that may lead to investigations and actions on behalf of the collective legal interests of the people of California. If you believe a business has violated the CCPA, you may
file a consumer complaint
with the Office of the Attorney General. If you choose to file a complaint with our office, explain exactly how the business violated the CCPA, and describe when and how the violation occurred. Please note that the Attorney General cannot represent you or give you legal advice on how to resolve your individual complaint.  Starting on July 1, 2023, you also will be able to file complaints with the
California Privacy Protection Agency
for violations of the CCPA, as amended, occurring on or after that date.
8. What kind of data breach can I sue a business for under the CCPA?
You can only sue businesses under the CCPA if certain conditions are met. The type of personal information that must have been stolen is your first name (or first initial) and last name in combination with any of the following:
Your social security number
Your driver’s license number, tax identification number, passport number, military identification number, or other unique identification number issued on a government document commonly used to identify a person's identity
Your financial account number, credit card number, or debit card number if combined with any required security code, access code, or password that would allow someone access to your account
Your medical or health insurance information
Your fingerprint, retina or iris image, or other unique biometric data used to identify a person's identity (but not including photographs unless used or stored for facial recognition purposes)
This personal information must have been stolen in nonencrypted and nonredacted form. In addition, the personal information must have been stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
9. Do businesses need to comply with the statutory CPRA amendments to the CCPA that went into effect on January 1, 2023?
Yes. As of January 1, 2023, the CPRA’s amendments to the CCPA are in effect, and businesses are required to comply with all express statutory requirements. Businesses are also required to comply with those CCPA regulations currently in effect.
10. Are there any CCPA regulations currently in effect?
Yes. The California Department of Justice promulgated an initial round of regulations implementing the CCPA on August 14, 2020 and further amended on March 15, 2021. Those regulations were recently updated by the California Privacy Protection Agency. These regulations appear in
Title 11, Division 6, Section 7001 et seq. of the California Code of Regulations
and were effective on March 29, 2023.
11. Are the statutory exemptions for employee data and business-to-business transactions still in effect?
No. The exemptions for employment-related personal information and personal information reflecting business-to-business transactions described in Civil Code Sec. 1798.145(m)-(n) expired on December 31, 2022.
12. Can I use an authorized agent to submit a request?
Yes.  You may authorize another person to submit a CCPA request on your behalf.  You may also authorize a business entity registered with the California Secretary of State to submit a request on your behalf.
Please note that if you use an authorized agent, businesses may require more information from either the authorized agent or from you to verify that you are the person directing the agent.  For example, for requests to know or delete your personal information, the business may require the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave that agent signed permission to submit the request.  Businesses may also require you to verify your identity directly with the business or directly confirm with the business that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Back To Top
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
1. What is the right to opt-out?
You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”).  Note that sharing refers specifically to sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising, which is the targeting of advertising to a
consumer
based on the
consumer
’s
personal information
obtained from the
consumer
’s online activity across numerous websites. With some exceptions, businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later provide authorization allowing them to do so again. Businesses must wait at least 12 months before asking you to opt back in to the sale or sharing of your personal information.
2. Can businesses sell a child’s personal information?
Businesses can only sell the personal information of a child that they know to be under the age of 16 if they get affirmative authorization (“opt-in”) for the sale of the child’s personal information. For children under the age of 13, that opt-in must come from the child’s parent or guardian. For children who are at least 13 years old but under the age of 16, the opt-in can come from the child.
3. How do I submit my opt-out request?
Businesses that sell personal information are subject to the CCPA's requirement to provide a clear and conspicuous “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on their website that allows you to submit an opt-out request. Businesses cannot require you to create an account in order to submit your request. Businesses also should not require you to verify your identity, though they can ask you basic questions to identify which personal information is associated with you.
You can also submit an opt-out request via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the GPC, discussed in FAQ 8 & 9 below. If you can’t find a business’s “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link, review its privacy policy to see if it sells or shares personal information. If the business does, it must also include that link in its privacy policy.
If a business’s "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link or other designated method of submitting opt-out requests is not working or difficult to find, you may report the business to our office (
https://oag.ca.gov/contact/consumer-complaint-against-business-or-company
).
4. How long does the business have to respond to my opt-out request?
Businesses must respond as soon as feasibly possible to your request, up to a maximum of 15 business days from the date they received your request to opt-out.
5. Why is the business asking me for more information?
While businesses are not required to verify that the person submitting an opt-out request is really the consumer for whom the business has personal information, they may need to ask you for additional information to make sure they stop selling the right person’s personal information. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
6. Why did the business deny my opt-out request?
There are some exceptions to the opt-out right. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to stop selling your personal information include:
Sale or sharing is necessary for the business to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA.
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your opt-out request, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
7. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to opt-out to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
8. What is the GPC?
Businesses that sell or share personal information must offer two or more methods for consumers to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. For businesses that collect personal information from consumers online, one acceptable method for consumers to opt-out of sales or sharing is via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the
GPC
.  Developed in response to the CCPA and to enhance consumer privacy rights, the GPC is a ‘stop selling or sharing my data switch’ that is available on some internet browsers, like Mozilla Firefox, Duck Duck Go, and Brave, or as a browser extension. It is a proposed technical standard that reflects what the CCPA regulations contemplated – some consumers want a comprehensive option that broadly signals their opt-out request, as opposed to making requests on multiple websites on different browsers or devices. Opting out of the sale or sharing of personal information should be easy for consumers, and the GPC is one option for consumers who want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control. Under law, it must be honored by covered businesses as a valid consumer request to stop the sale or sharing of personal information.
To learn more about the GPC, you can also visit
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa/gpc
9. How do I submit my opt-out request using the GPC?
To learn more about the GPC, you can visit its website
here
.  Developers have begun to innovate around the GPC and created different mechanisms for consumers, such as EFF’s
Privacy Badger
extension or the Brave Privacy Browser.
Back To Top
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
1. What is the right to know?
You may request that businesses disclose to you what personal information they have collected, used, shared, or sold about you, and why they collected, used, shared, or sold that information. Specifically, you may request that businesses disclose:
The categories of personal information collected
Specific pieces of personal information collected
The categories of sources from which the business collected personal information
The purposes for which the business uses the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares the personal information
The categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties
Businesses must provide you this information for the 12-month period preceding your request. They must provide this information to you free of charge.
2. How do I submit my request to know?
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, an email address, website form, or hard copy form. One of those methods has to be a toll-free phone number and, if the business has a website, one of those methods has to be through its website. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests to know.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a request to know, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your request to know through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information. If you can’t find a business’s designated methods, review its privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to know is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to know?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to know and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to know is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to know?
There are some exceptions to the right to know. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to disclose your personal information include:
The business cannot verify your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or the business has already provided personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period
Businesses cannot disclose certain sensitive information, such as your social security number, financial account number, or account passwords, but they must tell you if they’re collecting that type of information
Disclosure would restrict the business’s ability to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to know, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to know to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
Back To Top
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
1. What is my right to delete personal information?
You may request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and to tell their service providers to do the same. However, there are
many exceptions
(see FAQ D.5) that allow businesses to keep your personal information.
2. How do I submit my right to delete?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request to delete.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a deletion request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your deletion request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to delete is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to delete?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to delete and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to delete is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to delete?
There are exceptions to the right to delete. Common reasons why businesses may keep your personal information include:
If the information is exempt from the CCPA.  This includes:
Publicly available information (such as your address, which is often in public real estate/property records)
.  However, if you are a law enforcement officer, public official, or Safe at Home participant (available to victims of domestic violence, stalking, sexual assault, human trafficking, elder and dependent abuse, as well as reproductive health workers), you may request a website to not publicly post your address as described
here
.
Certain
types of information
such as medical information or consumer credit reporting information.
The business cannot verify your request
To complete your transaction, provide a reasonably anticipated product or service, or for certain warranty and product recall purposes
For certain business security practices
For certain internal uses that are compatible with reasonable consumer expectations or the context in which the information was provided
To comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code sections 1798.105(d)
and
1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to delete, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to delete to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
7. Why is a debt collector still calling me about my debt even though I asked it to delete my information?
Creditors, collection agencies, and other debt collectors can still try to collect debts that you owe even if you asked them to delete your personal information. Learn more about debt collectors—including what they can and can’t do—
here
.
8. Why is a credit reporting agency still giving out my credit information even though I asked it to delete my information?
Credit reporting agencies like Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion can still collect and disclose your credit information, subject to regulation under the
Fair Credit Reporting Act
. Learn more about your rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act
here
. Learn more about how to check and fix your credit report
here
.
Back To Top
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT 
 (RIGHT TO CORRECT)
1. What is the right to correct?
You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to correct
, but these are not currently final or effective.
2.  How do I submit my request to correct?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which should include instructions on how you can submit your request to correct.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a correction request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your correction request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to correct is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to correct?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to correct and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to correct is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to correct?
There are exceptions to the right to correct. Common reasons why businesses may deny your request to correct include:
The business cannot verify your identity to complete your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
If you do not know why a business denied your request to correct, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
Back To Top
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION (RIGHT TO LIMIT)
1. What is the right to limit?
You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to limit
, but these are not currently final or effective.
Back To Top
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
Businesses cannot deny goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your rights under the CCPA.
However, if you refuse to provide your personal information to a business or ask it to delete or stop selling your personal information, and that personal information or sale is necessary for the business to provide you with goods or services, the business may not be able to complete that transaction.
Businesses can also offer you promotions, discounts and other deals in exchange for collecting, keeping, or selling your personal information. But they can only do this if the financial incentive offered is reasonably related to the value of your personal information. If you ask a business to delete or stop selling your personal information, you may not be able to continue participating in the special deals they offer in exchange for personal information. If you are not sure how your request may affect your participation in a special offer, ask the business.
Back To Top
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
1. What is a notice at collection?
The CCPA requires businesses to give consumers certain information in a “notice at collection.” A notice at collection must list the categories of personal information businesses collect about consumers and the purposes for which they use the categories of information. (To find out how you can learn what specific information a business has collected about you, see the
Right to Know section
.)  If the business sells consumers’ personal information, then the notice at collection must include a
Do Not Sell or Share link
. The notice must also contain a link to the business’s privacy policy, where consumers can get a fuller description of the business’s privacy practices and of their privacy rights.
2. Where can I find a business’s notice at collection?
This notice must be provided
at or before
the point at which the business collects your personal information. For example, you might find a link to the notice at collection on a website’s homepage and on a webpage where you place an order or enter your personal information for another reason. On a mobile app, you might find a link to the notice in the settings menu. In a retail store, you might find the notice on a printed form used to collect your personal information.
3. What is a privacy policy?
A business’s privacy policy is a written statement that gives a broad picture of its online and offline practices for the collection, use, sharing, and sale of consumers’ personal information. The CCPA requires business privacy policies to include information on consumers’ privacy rights and how to exercise them: the
Right to Know
, the
Right to Delete
, the
Right to Opt-Out of Sale
, the
the Right to Correct
, the
the Right to Limit
, and the
Right to Non-Discrimination
.
4. Where can I find a business’s privacy policy?
Most businesses post their privacy policy on their websites. A link to it can usually be found at the bottom of the homepage and other webpages. The link’s title may include “Privacy” or “California Privacy Rights.” In a mobile app, the privacy policy may be linked on the download page for the app or in the app’s settings menu.
Back To Top
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
1. What is a data broker?
Another California law,
Civil Code section 1798.99.80
, defines a data broker as “a business that knowingly collects and sells to third parties the personal information of a consumer with whom the business does not have a direct relationship.” This law exempts certain businesses that are regulated by other laws from this definition. Exempted businesses include consumer reporting agencies (commonly known as credit bureaus) and certain financial institutions and insurance companies.
Data brokers collect information about consumers from many sources including websites, other businesses, and public records. The data broker analyzes and packages the data for sale to other businesses.
2. How can I find data brokers that collect and sell my personal information?
The
California law on data brokers
requires data brokers covered by the law to register with the Attorney General and to provide certain information on their practices. The Data Broker Registry can be found on the Attorney General’s website at
https://oag.ca.gov/data-brokers
.
Data brokers are subject to the CCPA. On the Data Broker Registry website, you will find contact information and a website link for each registered data broker, as well as additional information to help you exercise your CCPA rights.
3. How can I stop a data broker from selling my personal information?
You can click on the “View Full Submission” link on the
Data Broker Registry
to get instructions on how to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. However, you may not be able to stop the sale of all of your information. The CCPA’s definition of “personal information” does not include information lawfully made available from government records, which are often sources used by data brokers.
You can also go to a data broker’s website through the link posted on the Registry and find the broker’s privacy policy to learn more about its privacy practices and how to exercise your CCPA rights.
Back To Top
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
California Privacy Protection Agency’s FAQ on the CCPA
Consumer-Action.org
Take action! Exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
Back To Top
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Home
CCPA Enforcement Case Examples
File a Complaint
CCPA Regulations
CCPA Opt-Out Icon
Preliminary Rulemaking Activities
Global Privacy Control (GPC)
Privacy and Data Security
Privacy and Data Security Home
Business Privacy Resources
California Consumer Privacy Act
Consumer Privacy Resources
Data Breaches
Identity Theft
Privacy Enforcement Actions
Report a Breach
Protecting Children Online
Resources for Law Enforcement
Special Protection
Data Brokers
Data Broker Listing
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate