curating the world, please wait...
?
Home
Search
Map
Activity
Profile
back to onezone
Privacy Policy for onezone
This is the Privacy Policy for Zone Capital Limited (t/a onezone), accessible from www.onezone.app.
Last Updated: 16th of November 2023
This Privacy Policy outlines our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information when you use our services, specifically our website and iOS and Android app.
What information do we collect?
We gather information that relates to and can identify you (e.g. your name and address) and information that does not identify you (e.g. browsing patterns that you may exhibit when visiting our website).
We collect information that does not identify you in order to evaluate our site, ensure that our site and all associated services run properly, and to ensure that we’re paid for advertising services we offer.
How do we gather information?
We gather information in two ways:
Indirectly, for example, using website technology or technology when you use the onezone app on a mobile device; and
Directly, for example, when you create a onezone account, become a Premium Member, or make a booking directly through onezone.
Use of your information
If you have created a onezone account, we will use the information you provide to keep you updated on relevant onezone activities, unless you tell us otherwise.
We might use your personal information to:
Remember you when you visit our website and track your browsing patterns by using cookies. You can prevent this; section 5 deals with this in more detail.
Ensure any services that you receive are correctly administered (including your premium membership subscription).
Contact you by email to let you know about any of our services or promotions (which, in some cases may be provided by third parties), which you can opt out of by unsubscribing at any time.
Ensure materials on the website or in apps are presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer or mobile device.
Collate and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage.
Assess and understand customer feedback and identify usage hotspots.
Accessing and updating your personal information
You can update your details and marketing preferences at any time by contacting us (see point 12, below); if you’re a onezone Premium member by emailing info@onezone.app; or if you’d like to stop receiving our email newsletter simply by unsubscribing to within any of the emails themselves.
You have the right to access the personal information held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please send an email to info@onezone.app.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. Find out more about the use of cookies on http://www.cookiecentral.com.
We use cookies to:
Remember you when you visit this website to keep track of your browsing patterns and to build up a profile of how you and other users use the website.
Make our website work as efficiently as possible.
Administer services to you and to advertisers.
Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. To do this look at the “help” menu on your browser. Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates.
Third party advertising cookies
Most of the advertisements you see on the website are generated by third parties. Some of these third parties generate their own cookies (or web beacons) to track how many people have seen a particular advertisement (or use the services of third parties to do this), and to track how many people have seen it more than once. These cookies cannot be used to identify an individual; they can only be used for statistical purposes, for example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. Some of the information gleaned from third party cookies will be aggregated with other anonymous information for statistical purposes. The third party companies that generate these cookies have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don’t have access to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from these third party cookies and provide to us by third parties, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users of the website).
If you would like to disable “third party” cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services, you can turn them off by going to the third party’s website and getting them to generate a one-time “no thanks” cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine.
The following are links to the main third party advertising and analytics platforms we use, each of which provides instructions on how to do this:
Google AdSense: http://www.google.com/intl/en/ads
Google AdWords: http://adwords.google.com/
Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/index.html
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com
Onesignal: https://documentation.onesignal.com/docs/data-questions
You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising companies for more information on how to opt out of these cookies: http://youronlinechoices.com/
Security
If you’ve created a onezone account then the password you provide when registering with the website is encrypted to ensure protection against unauthorised access to your personal information.
We do our utmost to protect user privacy. No data transmission over the Internet can be entirely secure, and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information and/or use of the website. Any information that you send is at your own risk and may be read by others. However, once we have received your personal information we use strict procedures to protect the security of your personal information.
Disclosing your information
We may disclose your personal information if we are approached by a potential buyer of our business, if we are required to do so by law or in good faith believing such action is necessary to comply with the law.
We sometimes share your personal information with third parties who are our subcontractors or providers of various products and services on our behalf, i.e. our email service provider Onesignal, and our payment processing partner (for premium subscriptions), Stripe.
We never sell personal information or pass it to third parties for marketing purposes without your express permission (for example in the situation where you enter a competition on onezone and explicitly tick a box to agree to share your email address with the provider of the competition prize).
Where we store your personal information
The personal information that we collect from you may be sent and stored outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in order to carry out the activities listed in “Use of Your Information”.
Payments
We do not store credit card details. Any payments made on www.onezone.app are processed by our payments processing partner, Stripe, or directly with the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.
Changes to this Policy
If we change our Policy, we will post the changes on this page. Please check the website regularly for any changes to this Policy.
Contact
If you feel that we’re not adhering to this Policy, or if you have any questions about your data and/or how we process our users' data, generally, please contact us ASAP by emailing
info@onezone.app
.