Privacy Policy
YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT
We are totally committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors and customers, we fully appreciate and respect the importance of privacy on the Internet. In accordance with relevant data protection legislation, we will not disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is part of providing a service to you - e.g. arranging for a product to be sent to you, carrying out credit and other security checks and for the purposes of customer research and profiling or where we have your express permission to do so.
YOUR CONSENT
We will not sell your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information, or personal information to any third party (excluding partners from whom you may have linked to my site) without your permission.
COMMUNICATION & MARKETING
If you have signed up to a program we may, with your permission, occasionally update you on our latest products, news, and special offers via email. You have the option to opt-out and unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications from us and/or selected third parties at any time.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer and is stored on your hard drive. If you have registered with me then your computer will store an identifying cookie which will save you time each time you re-visit our site, by remembering your email address for you. We use a combination of cookies that support the functionality of my site to enhance your experience and cookies from third parties that are used for marketing purposes. You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer without your explicit consent.
REMARKETING
This website uses remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites (including Google, Meta's Facebook and Instagram, Klaviyo, etc.) to previous visitors to my site. It could mean that I advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on my site. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or an ad on Facebook / Instagram or an email notification. Third-party vendors, including Google, Facebook and Instagram, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to my site. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with my own privacy policy, Meta and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Meta and Google advertise to you and if you want to you can opt-out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
THIRD-PARTY SITES
This site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers, and other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
CHECKING YOUR DATA
If you wish to verify the details and personal data you have submitted to us you may do so by contacting me via the e-mail address given below. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we reveal information. This proof of identity will take the form of your e-mail address and password submitted upon registration. You must therefore keep this information safe as you will be responsible for any action which we take in response to a request from someone using your e-mail and password. We would strongly recommend that you do not use the browser's password memory function as that would permit other people using your terminal to access your personal information.
CORRECTING YOUR DATA
If the personal data you have submitted is incorrect or incomplete, you have a right to request rectification of your data. You can do so by contacting us via the e-mail address given below.
ERASING YOUR DATA
You have the right to ask me to delete the personal information we have from you and/or stop any type of communication with us. If you wish to make an erasure request, you may do so by contacting us via the e-mail address given below.
CONTACTING ME
I am always pleased to hear from my customers(even if it is a complaint!). I am always grateful for any time you spend providing me with the knowledge we need to ensure our customers are completely satisfied. We want you to return to the site and to recommend me to your friends and family. If you have any questions or feedback about this statement, or if you would like us to stop processing your information, please do not hesitate to contact me at support@carolineomahony.com