ALARM CLOCK TERMS
TERMS OF SERVICE
AlarmClock shares the concerns of users of AlarmClock’s applications and websites (“you”) about the protection of your personal information. This is AlarmClock's policy regarding the privacy of information we collect inside our applications and websites. This privacy policy applies to the coachguitar.com website and all of the internet-accessible web properties and applications owned or operated by AlarmClock. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that AlarmClock does not own or control. By installing, using, or accessing AlarmClock's applications or websites, you agree to this policy. CoachGuitar collects certain information from you in order to provide you with the most interesting and useful applications and websites possible.
IOS PLATFORM
When you use AlarmClock applications, AlarmClock collects your unique device ID, hardware type, the version of your operating system, your activity within our application, and your location (based on opt-in location-based services, which rely upon a device’s GPS coordinates)
PREMIUM ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION
You can subscribe for premium access with the Premium subscription. Once a premium member you get all themes and extra premium features.
- The subscription is $7.99 weekly with 3 days free trial.
- Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
- Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period at the cost of the chosen package
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's iTunes Store Settings after purchase
- No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period
- Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable
- Alarm Clock Premium Pass is an option and the app can be used for free without it
- No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period
FACEBOOK CONNECT
If you sign into AlarmClock applications with Facebook Connect, AlarmClock will collect information that is visible via your Facebook account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2) your Facebook ID, (3) your profile picture/URL, and (4) your list of Facebook friends. Your name will be primarily used for user registration and in social features, which may include friend-to-friend interaction, chat, or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition and other similar features.
INFORMATION ALARMCLOCK MAY DISCLOSE
AlarmClock does not sell or disclose personal information about you to other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide you with products or services, when we have your permission, or under the certain circumstances as detailed in this privacy policy.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Instead of doing absolutely everything on our own, we need help from others. We have partners that provide services and data processing for us for the purposes described in this notice.
Partners working for us. Persons or companies outside of AlarmClock that process personal data on our behalf and according to our instructions and control. These CoachGuitar processor partners include for example providers of hosting services, payment processors that actually deal with billing, banks and credit card companies on behalf of us, analytics services that enable us to gain insight into how we should improve our Services, user support and other services that help us to operate and develop our Services.
We share your data with the following types of recipients:
FACEBOOK
Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
GOOGLE
Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
COOKIES
AlarmClock websites use “cookies” which deposit certain record keeping information on your hard drive. Cookies are used to keep track of your preferences, deliver content specific to your interests, and for other similar purposes. These cookies can’t read other data from your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites or applications. Most browsers are set to accept cookies unless you reconfigure your browser to refuse them or to notify you when you will have received one. If you do not accept cookies, you will not be able to use certain features of AlarmClock's websites.
SECURITY
AlarmClock website have certain security measures in place in effort to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
CORRECTING AND UPDATING INFORMATION
AlarmClock offers the ability to correct or update online the information collected during registration by contacting support :
support@coachguitar.com
English
English
français
Privacy policy
|
We use cookies
We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.
Accept all
Deny
No, adjust