Privacy Policy
Skurtt Privacy Policy
Last updated on September 14, 2023
Skurtt Scooters Rental LLC (hereafter, “us”, “we” or “our”) operates the website,
www.skurtt.me
, (hereafter, “website”) and the mobile application,
                skurtt, (hereafter, “app”). This Privacy Policy has been defined to inform you of our policies regarding
                the collection, use, disclosure and protection of the information we collect.
We are committed to providing you notice about how Skurtt Scooters Rental LLC, and our affiliate and
                subsidiary companies (together, “Skurtt” or “we”, or “us”, or “our”) handle your information. This
                Skurtt Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to the information, that we collect and process
                about users of our Services, and those who communicate with us about our Services, interact with us on
                social media, attend our events, participate in our surveys, contests and promotions, or are subscribed
                to our marketing and informational communications (the “Interactions”). In this Privacy Policy,
                “Services” means:
Skurtt websites that link to this Privacy Policy, including any versions optimized for viewing on a
                    mobile device (the “Sites”),
Skurtt mobile applications (each an “App”),
Skurtt vehicles (each a “Vehicle”), and the features and services available through our Sites,
                    Apps and Vehicles.
We have established this Privacy Policy to let you know the kinds of information we may gather during
                your use of the Services and related other Interactions, how we use your information, when we might
                disclose your information, and your rights and choices regarding your information that we collect and
                process.
This Privacy Policy contains the following sections:
The Information We Collect
Disclosure of Your Information
Use of Cookies and Other Online Tracking Technologies
Online Advertising
How We Protect Your Information
Retention of Your Information
International Users
Third Party Links and Services
Changes to Privacy Policy
Your Choices
Access and Data Subject Rights
Contact Information
1.   THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information related to our Services and Interactions directly from users, automatically
                related to their use of the Services and our Interactions, as well as from third parties. We may combine
                the information we collect from these various sources.
Information You Provide to Us. We collect information directly from users:
Account registration, management, profile creation and modification
Account access and use, as well as uploading content to the Services and other associated activities
Vehicle use
Access to and use of the Sites and Apps
Submission of payment information
Event registration and attendance
Participation in surveys, contests, sweepstakes and promotions sponsored by Skurtt
Signing up to receive alerts or other information via email, text or instant messages from Skurtt
Customer service, technical support, and related communications
Participation in communities, commenting on blog entries, interacting with use on social media, and
                    participation in other forums
Submission of an application or resume to work at Skurtt
The types of information we collect directly from you are: your name, e-mail address, phone number,
                    postal address, other contact information, credit card and billing details, including billing
                    address, communications preferences, payment and transaction history, where required your birthdate
                    and driver’s license information or other identification card, and any other information you submit
                    to the Services or otherwise provide to us. We also collect certain demographic data if you provide
                    it to us including age, gender, preferred language, and current location.
Automatically Collected Information. We also collect information through automated and technical
                means as you browse our Sites, use our Apps, or otherwise use the Services:
Device and Online Usage. We collect information about your computer, browser, mobile or other device
                    that you use to access the Services. We may use cookies, pixels, log files and other similar
                    technologies to collect such information, including IP address, device identifiers and other unique
                    identifiers, browser type, browser language, operating system name, and version, device name and
                    model, version, referring and exit pages, dates and times you access our Services, the length of
                    time that you are logged into or using our Services, the links you click or features you use,
                    software crash reports and session identification number. Please see the “Use of Cookies and Other
                    Online Tracking Technologies” section below for more information.
Location Info and Vehicle Usage. We automatically collect and store location information from your
                    device and from any Vehicles you use. We collect and store the location information (e.g., city,
                    state or zip code where available) associated with the IP address of the device you use to access
                    the Services, as well as, with your permission, your mobile device’s location information using GPS
                    or Bluetooth (you can change your location/Bluetooth settings for your mobile device; however,
                    certain features may not be available through the App if you do so).
Analytics: We compile and analyze information derived from the use of our Services, such as
                    aggregate usage patterns, user preferences, peak demand times, common routes and other information.
Information We Collect From Third Party Sources. In some cases, we collect user information from third
                parties.
Third Party Platforms and Social Media Sites. When you interact with us or post content about us on
                    third-party social media platforms – like Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Tumblr, LinkedIn, YouTube or
                    Pinterest – we may collect certain information about that interaction; the information that we may
                    collect is based on your settings on and the policies of these social media platforms. We may also
                    allow you to post certain information from these platforms to your Skurtt profile, and permit you to
                    login to the Services using your third-party social media account, in which case you will be asked
                    to consent to our access and collection of certain information from your social media profile,
                    subject to the policies of that platform.
Other Third-Party Sources. We also may collect information about you that we may receive from
                    business partners, marketers, analysts and other sources to, enable us to verify and update
                    information contained in our records and better customize the Services for you. We may also collect
                    information from credit reporting agencies to determine your creditworthiness, credit score and
                    credit usage, in compliance with and to the extent permitted by applicable laws.
We may from time to time conduct a referral service so that you may introduce people you know to our
                    Services, in accordance with applicable local laws. If you choose to use our referral service to
                    tell someone about our Services, we will provide you with a template message and referral code to
                    send to your friend. We will not collect the referral’s information unless he/she signs up to use
                    the Services with the referral code.
2.   DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We disclose the information we collect, in the following ways:
Affiliates and Subsidiaries. Amongst our affiliated and subsidiary companies in furtherance of the
                    purposes set out in this Policy; their use of your information is subject to this Privacy Policy.
Business Partners and Third Parties, We may share your information with business partners who
                    jointly sponsor events with us, from time to time; where required by applicable law, we will obtain
                    your prior consent. You may at any time withdraw your consent or tell us to stop sharing your
                    personal information (as defined under applicable law) with business partners and third parties by
                    following the opt-out process described in the “Your Choices” section below. If you use the Services
                    through a third-party platform that manages its own fleet of Skurtt vehicles, we will also share
                    your information with the platform operator to assist in operating the Services.
Third-Party Service Providers. We use a variety of third party service providers that perform
                    functions on our behalf, such as hosting, billing and payment processing, push notifications,
                    storage, bandwidth, content management tools, analytics, customer service, fraud protection, etc.
General Business Operations. Where necessary to the administration of our general business,
                    accounting, record keeping and legal functions, to our tax advisors, legal counsel and other
                    professional services entities or agents.
Legal Compliance and Protection of Rights. We may also use or disclose information if required to do
                    so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law
                    or comply with legal process served on us or the Services; (b) establish, protect and defend our
                    rights or property, the Services or our users, including to investigate, prevent or take action
                    regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety
                    of any person, violations of our Terms and Conditions, other agreements or policies, or as evidence
                    in litigation in which we are involved; and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the
                    personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or users of the Services or the public. This includes
                    exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Other Users, Certain features of our Services make it possible for you to share comments publicly
                    with other users. Any information that you submit through such features is not confidential and may
                    be accessed by others. For example, if you submit a product review on one of our Sites, we may
                    display your review (along with the name provided, if any) on other Skurtt Sites and on third-party
                    websites. Moreover, if you provide a comment on our blog, other blog readers will be able to review
                    your comments, and if you interact with us on our social media pages, your comments will be publicly
                    available. So, please take care when using these features. If you’d like to request removal of
                    information that we have posted about you, please Contact as set forth in the “ Your Choices”
                    section below.
Aggregate/Anonymous Information, We may share aggregate/anonymous information about use of the
                    Services with third parties for research, marketing, analytics and other purposes, provided such
                    information does not identify a particular individual, such as by publishing a report on usage
                    trends. The sharing of such data is unrestricted.
Business Transfers, .As we continue to develop our business, we may seek to buy, merge, or partner
                    with other companies. In such transactions, (including in contemplation of such transactions) user
                    information may be among the transferred assets. If a portion or all of our assets are sold or
                    transferred to a third party, customer information would likely be one of the transferred business
                    assets. If such transfer is subject to additional mandatory restrictions under applicable laws, we
                    will comply with such restrictions.
To request more information about the companies to whom we have disclosed your information, please
                Contact as set out in the “Contact Information” section.
3.   USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER ONLINE TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Like many websites and apps, we use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your experience of
                the Services. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on your device or computer when you
                access the Website or the App. These small text files allow the Website or the App to recognize your
                computer or device at the next visit and remember your preferences and information about the use of our
                Services, personalize content and ads and track information about the performance of our advertisements.
                This way, you do not need to re-enter that information whenever you return or browse from one page to
                another within the Site.
We may also use these technologies to monitor traffic and make the Services easier and/or more relevant
                for your use. We may combine this information with other information we collect from you.
There are two basic types of cookies: (1) session cookies, which are temporary files that are cleaned up
                (deleted) when close your browser program; and (2) persistent cookies, which store your information and
                settings for longer periods in order to remember your information and preferences between visits to a
                website. In providing the Services, we use both types of cookies for the following purposes:
We use cookies to remember you, including your information and preferences, so that you do not have
                    to enter information every time you use the Services.
We use cookies to authenticate customers when they log into certain of the Services. These cookies
                    are necessary for you to use those Services.
We use cookies to better understand how people are using the Services, by gathering usage
                    information as described above.
4.   ONLINE ADVERTISING
In order to display more relevant advertising on our Services, to manage our advertising on third-party
                sites, mobile apps and online services, and to measure and improve our ads and marketing efforts, we may
                work with Facebook, Google and other third-party ad companies, ad exchanges, channel partners,
                measurement services and ad networks.
These third parties may use cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information
                about your use of the Services and your activities across other websites and online services, which they
                may associate with persistent identifiers. This information may be used to provide you with more
                relevant advertising or other targeted content on our Services and other websites or services, and to
                measure the performance of such advertising. Their activities and your choices regarding their use of
                your information to personalize ads to you are subject to and set out in their own policies.
Please note that opting-out of advertising network services does not mean that you will not receive
                advertising while using our Services or other services, nor will it prevent the receipt of
                interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs.
5.   HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We take technical, physical and organizational security measures to protect your information against
                accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access.
                However, no method of transmission over the Internet, and no means of electronic or physical storage, is
                absolutely secure. We encourage you to take steps to protect your information and prevent unauthorized
                access to your password or account by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer,
                choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and
                password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords, or for any
                activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
6.   RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We retain your information a for as long as required to satisfy the purpose for which it is collected and
                used (for example, for the time necessary for us to provide you with customer service, answer queries or
                resolve technical problems), unless a longer period is necessary for our legal obligations or to
                establish, protect, or defend legal claims.
7.   INTERNATIONAL USERS
Skurtt aims to go globally, and partners in multiple jurisdictions. As such, your information may be
                transferred, accessed, stored and otherwise processed by us and these third parties for the purposes
                described above, and subject to requests from law enforcement, in jurisdictions outside of your home
                jurisdiction, in which we or our service providers operate. By providing us with your information, you
                acknowledge any such transfer, storage, or use. We will take steps to ensure that your information
                receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it, including through
                appropriate written data processing terms and/or data transfer agreements.
8.   THIRD PARTY LINKS AND SERVICES
The Services contain links to third-party websites such as social media sites, and also contain
                third-party plug-ins and functionalities (such as the Facebook “like” button and Twitter “follow”
                button). If you choose to use these sites or features, you may disclose your information not just to
                those third parties, but also to their users and the public more generally depending on how their
                services function. We are not responsible for the content or practices of those websites or services.
                The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of the
                third-party websites or services, and not this Privacy Policy. We urge you to read the privacy and
                security policies of these third parties.
9.   CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data
                collection and use practices, the features of our Services, or advances in technology. We will make the
                revised Privacy Policy accessible through the Services and updating the “Effective Date” for the Privacy
                Policy. If we make a material change to the Privacy Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice
                in accordance with legal requirements. By continuing to use the Services, you are confirming that you
                have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Policy.
10.  YOUR CHOICES
If you would like to update your preferences on the types of communications you receive from us, or opt
                out of marketing communications from us, you may do so at any time by updating the communication
                preferences in your account profile. Please note that we may continue to send non-promotional
                communications such as important notices, payment confirmations and transaction-related emails and other
                information about your use of the Services. If you would like to opt-out of marketing communications,
                you may do so by emailing us your request at info@skurtt.me
11.  ACCESS AND DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Subject to applicable law and as explained in this section, you may have certain rights with respect to
                the information we collect and process about you.
Access, Correction, Deletion and Objection Rights. You may have the right to access, request
                correction and deletion of, and object to our use of your information. To exercise your rights, please
                Contact as set forth in the “Contact Information” section below. You may also access and modify much
                of the information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile.
                Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable
                in cached and archived pages of the Sites or Apps for a period of time. In addition, we may retain
                certain information about you as required by law or as permitted by law for legitimate business
                purposes. For example, if you request that we delete your information but we believe that you have
                violated our Terms and Conditions, we may retain information about you in order to attempt to resolve
                the issue before deleting it.
Complaints. If applicable, you may make a complaint to the privacy regulator or supervisory authority in
                the country where you are based. Alternatively you may seek a remedy through local courts if you believe
                your rights have been breached.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, would like to exercise your rights regarding your
                information that we hold, or would like to raise a complaint with us related to your information, you
                should Contact.
info@skurtt.me
+97143332236