We use cookies to enhance your experience.
Find out more about our cookies
Got it!
Start
Our community
For businesses and organizations
About us
Events & broadcasts
Community policies

Menu
We Don't Have Time privacy policy
Version 2019-04-22
1.	Introduction
This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes how WeDontHaveTime AB, reg. no. 559126-1994 (“WeDontHaveTime”, “we”, “us” or “our”), at the address C/O Kivra: 559126-1994, 106 31, Sweden, handles personal data of users of our social network, including our website and mobile application.
We respect your privacy and are committed to always protect your personal data. This Privacy Policy will help you understand what personal data about you we collect and how it is used, as well as your rights as a data subject.
Our social network is built for sharing content publicly online, please note therefore that the public may access anything you post or upload to the network.
Our social network contains links to other websites. When you access a third party website through such links the privacy policy of that website is applicable instead of this Privacy Policy.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do so, we will inform you in an appropriate manner. The date of the most recent update of this Privacy Policy is given at the top of the policy.
If you have any questions that have not been addressed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the address above or at info@wedonthavetime.org.
2.	Our processing of personal data
2.1	How we collect your personal data
We collect your personal data when you register a user account at our social network or in any other way provide us with your personal data. We also collect your personal data that you have shared with third parties. For instance, when you login on our social network through a third party service (like Facebook’s, Google’s, Twitter’s or Linkedin’s login features), we will receive your personal data, such as your email address and name, from that service. For our collection of personal data through cookies, we refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
2.2	Which personal data we process
We process the following categories of personal data:
(a)	Name, age, address and other contact details, including email address;
(b)	Profile and background picture;
(c)	Account details, including username/userID, settings and whether or not you have consented to receive marketing from us;
(d)	Content, such as videos that you have linked to on our social network and campaigns, images and texts that you have shared on the network;
(e)	Your usage, e.g. pages you visit, on our social network; and
(f)	Information regarding your general geographic location based on your IP-address.
2.3	Why we process your personal data, legal ground for our processing and storage period
2.3.1	Provide our social network
We process your personal data to provide our social network to you, to personalise your experience when using the network (e.g. to provide you advertisement based on your general geographic location or your use of our social network) and to communicate with you (e.g. by sending you information about the progress of a content on our social network). Our processing for the purposes of providing our social network, personalise your experience and communicate with you is based on our legitimate interest to do so.
2.3.2	Develop and improve our social network
We process your personal data to analyse your use of our social network in order to make the network more user friendly, e.g. by fixing bugs, amending the interface for you to easily reach the information that you seek or highlight popular functions. To the extent possible, we use your personal data in an aggregated or anonymised form in the processing. Our processing for the purpose of developing and improving our social network is based on our legitimate interest to do so.
2.3.3	Prevent and/or investigate breaches of our Terms of Use or law
We may process your personal data to prevent and/or investigate breaches of our Terms of Use or otherwise of applicable law as well as disputes relating to your use of our social network. This processing is based on our legitimate interest to avoid breaches of our Terms of Use or law and to exercise or defence legal claims.
2.3.4	Send you marketing messages
We process your personal data to communicate with you about our social network and to send you marketing messages if you have consented to receiving such messages. You will only receive marketing messages if you have agreed to this through our opt-in procedure. You may opt-out from further marketing messages at any time by using the un-subscription link provided in every marketing message. This processing is based on your prior consent.
2.4	How we share your personal data
We do not share your personal data with third parties, except as follows:
(a)	Service providers: We may use third party service providers to manage one or more aspects of our operations, including the processing or handling of personal data. We may share personal data with such third parties to operate and host services on our behalf, such as IT-services and marketing communication services. When we use such service providers we will enter into a data processing agreement with the service provider which requires it to ensure that your personal data is only processed in accordance with our instructions and this Privacy Policy.
(b)	User of our social network and the general public: Since our social network is built for sharing content publicly online, you should assume that anything you post or upload on the network will be accessed by the public. Such content may be copied, shared, or re-posted on our social network and on other parts of the Internet in ways that we cannot control.
(c)	For legal reasons or in the event of a dispute: We may share your personal data when it is required by applicable law or regulation or in order to exercise or defence legal claims during a legal process.
2.5	For how long do we store your personal data?
We generally retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected or as otherwise required or authorised by applicable law.
When you delete your account permanently, we will delete all your personal data, including to delete or anonymise your content on our social network, except for such data we are required to retain, within seven days. Instead of deleting your account, you can also choose to temporarily deactivate your account, in which case we will continue to store your personal data.
3.	Security measures
We have taken a number of security measures to ensure that the personal data we keep is secure. For example, access to areas where personal data is stored is limited to our employees and service providers who require it in the course of their duties and who are informed of the importance of maintaining the security and confidentiality of the personal data we keep. We maintain appropriate safeguards and security standards to protect your personal data against unauthorized access, disclosure or misuse. We also monitor our systems to discover vulnerabilities in order to protect your personal data.
4.	Where do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data within the EU/EEA.  When our service providers are located in or have business activities in a country outside the EU/EEA, we may transfer your personal data to such countries. In the event of such transfer it will be made in accordance with applicable data protection law, for example by ensuring that the country in which the recipient is located ensures an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission or by use of standard contractual clauses that the European Commission has issued ensuring suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms.
You may access a list of the countries that the European Commission has decided provide an adequate level of data protection at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htm.
You may access the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses at
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=celex%3A32010D0087
.
5.	Your rights
5.1	Exercise of your rights
If you want to exercise any of your rights described below you are welcome to email us at info@wedonthavetime.org. We will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time upon verification of your identity.
5.2	Right of access and rectification
You have the right to be informed about your personal data that we process, regardless of how the data was collected.
5.3	Right to erasure
You may request that we erase your personal data without undue delay in the following circumstances:
(a)	the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
(b)	you withdraw your consent on which the processing is based (if applicable) and there is no other legal ground for the processing;
(c)	you object to our processing of personal data and we do not have any overriding legitimate grounds for the processing;
(d)	the processed personal data is unlawfully processed; or
(e)	the processed personal data has to be erased for compliance with legal obligations.
We may deny your request if we are prevented from erasing your personal data by requirements set out in applicable laws or if they are needed for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. If we cannot meet your request, we will instead restrict the personal data so they cannot be used for any other purpose than the purpose preventing the erasure.
5.4	Right to restriction
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data under the following circumstances:
(a)	you contest the accuracy of the personal data during a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of such data;
(b)	the processing is unlawful and you oppose erasure of the personal data and request restriction instead;
(c)	the personal data is no longer needed for the purposes of the processing, but are necessary for you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
(d)	you have objected to the processing of the personal data in accordance with section 5.5 below, pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds for our processing override your interests, rights and freedoms.
If your personal data has been restricted in accordance with this section they may, with exception of storage, only be processed for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or for the protection of the rights of a third party or for reasons of important public interest according to EU or EU member state legislation.
5.5	Right to object
You have the general right to object to our processing of your personal data when it is based on our legitimate interest. If you object and we believe that we may still have the right to process your personal data, we must demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
5.6	Right to data portability
If your personal data has been provided by you and our processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format in order to transmit these to another service provider where it would be technically feasible and can be carried out by automated means.
5.7	Right to withdraw consent
Your personal data will not be processed for purposes related to direct marketing if you oppose such processing.
5.8	Right to file a complaint
You may at any time hand in a complaint with the supervisory authority if you believe that our processing of personal data breaches applicable data protection law. Please note that you are also always welcome to contact us in such event.
Sign up for our newsletter
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Follow us
What is a climate review
Events and broadcasts
I want to help out
Terms of use
Our cause
Our organization
Press and media
Sustainability
Investor relations
Partners
Become a partner
Exponential Climate Action Summit II
Exponential Climate Action Summit I
World Environment Day
Earth Day Week
Climate Action News
The Nordic Hub at COP25
© 2024 We Don't Have Time – All rights reserved.
We Don't Have Time is the world's largest media platform for climate action—with a mission to democratize knowledge about climate solutions and inspire and mobilize global action toward a prosperous, fossil-free future. The content of the We Don't Have Time media platform is user-generated. The We Don’t Have Time organization does not automatically endorse users’ opinions and claims. All users of We Don’t Have Time have subscribed to
We Don’t Have Time’s Terms of Use
, which, among other things, prohibits hateful, abusive, and violent content. If you discover content that violates our Terms of Use,
please notify us
immediately. The platform is operated by the company WeDontHaveTime AB (publ), whose majority shareholder is the WeDontHaveTime Foundation. The Foundation’s principal purpose is to contribute to a reduced climate impact and an ecologically sustainable environment. Our headquarters is located in Stockholm, Sweden.
The World's Largest Media Platform for Climate Action Welcome to We Don't Have Time.
Please read our
Privacy Policy
and our
Cookie Policy
.