Terms of Service
Terms of Service
CCPA
Code of Conduct
Creator Code of Conduct
Summary - Creator Code of Conduct
Safety in Rec Room
Privacy Policy
Gift Card Terms and Conditions
Guidelines - Using Assets Made by Rec Room
Privacy Policy
Effective: November 19, 2024
Rec Room Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company", "we", "our", and their derivatives) provides the websites,
http://www.recroom.com
,
http://www.rec.net
, and the subdomains of each of the foregoing (collectively, the "Website") and the Rec Room® video game (the "Game" and, with the Website, the "Services").
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) sets forth how we collect, use, protect, store, and otherwise process your Personal Information (defined below). This Policy does NOT apply to information we collect offline or you provide to or is collected by any third party (except as otherwise provided below).
By accessing or using the Services, you consent to this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, you may not access or use the Services,
For our practices regarding children under the age of 13, please see Section 2 below.
1. What types of Personal Information does the Company collect?
Generally
We may collect different types of information from you depending on how you use our Services, including Personal Information. "Personal Information" means information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person. The categories of Personal Information we may collect are listed below. Certain types of Personal Information may fall under more than one category.
Identifiers: We may collect your first, middle and last name, email address, username, postal address, Social Security number or employer identification number, telephone number, IP address, or display name.
Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law: We may collect your date of birth or age.
Commercial information: We may collect your sale or purchase history in the Game.
Voice chat: We may receive your voice through your microphone. Typically we do not store this information, although we reserve the right to monitor what you say for content moderation purposes in order to maintain a safe and compliant platform for the users that play the Game. For such moderation purposes, some voice clips may be recorded and sent to a third-party service for additional processing. Any such recordings are anonymized and retained for 30 days. We do NOT collect biometric information, in the form of voiceprints or otherwise.
Sensory data: We may receive your voice through your microphone and animation data derived from your head movement and facial expressions (for example through your TrueDepth® camera on certain Apple® devices). We do not store this information expect as disclosed above.
Internet or other similar network activity: We may collect your play history, running/loaded dynamic link library ("DLLs") on your computer or data gathered from a "small memory dump."
Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Codes: We may collect your first, middle, and last name, telephone number, physical characteristics, signature, Social Security number, postal address, or account number.
Other categories: We may collect information from the content that you create and share in the Game, and information from the content you submit in the Game through chat or other functions. We do not allow access to some of this information, such as direct messages, except where you provide it directly to us or as otherwise necessary to address, identify, or respond to serious safety concerns such as child exploitation, violence, or threats of imminent harm.
We may also collect information that does not generally identify you but may become associated with your account. We may use information that does not identify you for any permissible business purpose under applicable law.
We do NOT sell or share (as those terms are defined in California Civil Code §1798.140) any of the Personal Information we collect.
We do NOT collect sensitive personal information as defined in California Civil Code §1798.140(ae), with the exception of Employer Identification Numbers/Social Security Numbers of participants in the Creator Payment Program and the Video Partner Program, for the purposes of processing payment to such participants from whom we receive this information, which we do not sell or share.
2. Children Under the Age of 13
This section notifies parents of our practices with respect to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 ("Children" and each a "Child") and the use and disclosure of such information. This section only applies to Children and supplements the other provisions of this Policy.
Junior Mode
If a user of the Game self-identifies or is identified by us as being under the age of 13, their gameplay experience will be set as "Junior Mode." In order to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and its rules (collectively, "COPPA"), users in "Junior Mode" ("Junior Users" and each a "Junior User") may have access to fewer features of the Game than non-Junior Users. This is designed to limit our access and the access of users of the Services to the Personal Information of Children. Junior Users are restricted from communicating with or otherwise making their Personal Information publicly available to other users of the Services. For example, Junior Users are unable to use "whiteboarding" or voice communication functions of the Game, and Junior Users' display names will be randomized/anonymized.
Registration
Junior Users may register an account with us using a registration process similar to the one adults go through; however, in compliance with COPPA, after creation of a Junior User account we may collect a Parent's email address, and then request the Parent create a password for their Child's account, as well as supply additional account information and settings. We will automatically generate randomized display names for registered Junior Users.
Use/disclosure
We do not collect the personal information listed in Section 1 above, including but not limited to, names, postal addresses, or phone numbers from Children. The Personal Information we do collect from/about Children is used to give Children access to certain features of the Game and communicate with a Parent about the Child's registration, including for the purpose of verifying their Child's information in connection with registration. We do not share or otherwise disclose Children's Personal Information except (1) as may be necessary to protect the safety of a Child, including by disclosing their Personal Information, where appropriate, to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation related to public safety; (2) to enable us to take precautions against liability; (3) to protect the safety and security of the Services; or (4) where required to do so by law or legal process.
We and the third-party service providers listed below may collect or maintain Children's Personal Information through the Services.
Exit Games GmbH
Amplitude, Inc.
Google Analytics
Microsoft Azure
Please contact us with questions about our service providers' privacy policies and collection and use practices by mail at Rec Room Inc., 300 Elliott Ave W, Ste 450 Seattle, WA 98119, by email at
support@recroom.com
, or by phone at (314) 635-8471.
At any time, parents may review their Child's Personal Information maintained by us, require us to correct or delete such Personal Information, request that we delete their Child's account, and/or refuse to permit us from further collecting or using the Child's Personal Information by contacting us using the email address provided above. To protect parents' privacy and security and the privacy and security of Children that use the Services, we may require parents to take certain steps or provide additional information, which we will keep strictly confidential, to verify a parent's identity before we provide any information or make corrections.
Age Verification
If your account is mistakenly registered as or converted to a junior account but the account user is over the age of 12, you can age verify the account. To age verify, please log into the account you would like to age verify. Once you log in, please head to your profile page > settings > account settings > verify age.
Once at this page, please click "Get Code" to obtain your age verification action code. You can then use this code over at
http://rec.net/age
to verify your account.
Only verify your account if the user is above the age of 12. We reserve the right to place age verified accounts back into a junior account if we have evidence that someone of the age of 12 and under is playing on an age verified account. 
If you need assistance with age verifying your account, please contact our support team by submitting a ticket with us.
3. From what sources does the Company collect Personal Information?
Directly From You
We may collect your Personal Information when you provide it to us directly. For example:
When you register for an account to use our Services, we may collect your age or date of birth, email address, phone number, username, and display name.
When you contact us or report a problem with the Services, we may collect records and copies of your correspondence.
When the Game crashes during play, we may collect your running/loaded DLLs on your computer, your username, and the data gathered from a "small memory dump".
When you post or send messages or other content in the Game.
When you use your microphone for voice chat.
When you respond to a survey or questionnaire, we may collect the information provided.
On Apple® devices running the iOS or iPadOS™ operating systems, Rec Room may request permission to access the following:
Microphone - Rec Room requests access to the microphone in order to support real time voice chat. Voice chat is optional and may be turned off at any time. Rec Room will continue to function (without voice chat) if you choose to deny permission.
TrueDepth® camera - on devices that support it, Rec Room requests access to the TrueDepth® camera in order to animate your in-game avatar in certain scenarios. This functionality is optional and may be turned off at any time. Rec Room will continue to function (without this animation feature) if you choose to deny permission. We don't store this information or share it with third parties.
Automatically From You
We may collect your Personal Information automatically as you use our Services. For example, we may collect your Personal Information as you browse our Website. For more information about our use of automatic tracking technologies and certain choices we offer you with respect to them, please see Section 4 below.
From Third Parties
We may receive Personal Information from or through third parties that help us provide or facilitate your access to the Services. For example, we may receive your Personal Information from:
Game platforms such as PlayStation, Oculus, and Steam (e.g., when you first play the Game using PlayStation®VR, Personal Information associated with your account for PlayStation™Network, including your PlayStation™Network Online ID, may be disclosed to us);
Multi-player platform providers;
Cloud computing providers;
Payment platform providers; and
Data analytics providers.
We abide by this Policy when we use Personal Information provided to us by third parties. However, we do not control the Personal Information that third parties collect or how they use that Personal Information. You should review the third parties' privacy policies for more information about how they collect, use, and share information they obtain and use.
4. How does the Company use cookies and other automatic data collection technologies?
Our Cookies
As you use the Services, we may use automatic data collection technologies, in particular, cookies, to collect certain Personal Information. Cookies are small data file identifiers that are transferred to your computer or mobile web browser that allow us and our service providers to recognize your browser or mobile device and transfer information about you and your use of our Services.
Third Party Cookies
Some cookies on the Services come from third parties. These cookies improve your experience by helping us better tailor our Services to you. For example, Google Analytics may use cookies to collect your Personal Information on our behalf to analyze your use of the Services.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States. The Personal Information collected by Google in connection with your use of our Services is transmitted to a server of Google in the United States, where it is stored and analyzed. Google's collection and use of Personal Information is subject to Google's privacy policy:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Choices about Cookies
You may set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies (e.g., by opting out of Google Analytics at
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
or
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
) or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please note that, if you disable or refuse cookies or other automatic data collection technologies, some aspects of the Services may be inaccessible or not function properly.
5. For what purposes does the Company collect Personal Information?
To provide or improve the Services – We may use your Personal Information to process your requests to access the Services and certain of their features and to generally present and improve our Services. For example, we may use your Personal Information to improve the Game. By way of another example, we may use your microphone and camera to provide the real-time voice chat features and in-Game avatar.
To administer the Services – We may use your Personal Information for any lawful business purpose in connection with administering the Services. For example, if you reach out to us with a customer service inquiry, we may use your Personal Information to respond to you or to troubleshoot an issue you reported having with the Services.  By way of another example, we may use your Personal Information to verify your age.
To market the Services – We may use your Personal Information to market our Services to you. For example, with your prior consent, we may send you news and updates about our products and Services, including special offers and promotions.
In furtherance of legal, health, and safety objectives – We may access, use, and share with others your Personal Information for purposes of health, safety, and other matters in the public interest. We may also provide access to or retain your Personal Information to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings (e.g., in response to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal processes), or to comply with mandatory reporting requirements, such as to the NCMEC CyberTipline. We may also provide access to protect our rights and property and those of our agents, users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and our Terms of Service (available at
https://recroom.com/terms-of-service
).
In connection with a sale or other transfer of our business – In the event all or some of our assets are sold, assigned, transferred to, or acquired by another company due to merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, or otherwise, your Personal Information may be among the transferred assets.
As may be described to you when collecting your Personal Information.
We do not use automated decision-making in connection with the processing of your Personal Information, except to the extent necessary for age-gating and content moderation functions.
6. In what situations does the Company disclose your Personal Information?
We may disclose your Personal Information:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To our service providers for the purposes identified in Section 5 above.
To our lawyers, consultants, accountants, business advisors, and similar service providers who owe us duties of confidentiality;
To law enforcement, government authorities, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, and other third parties, including industry peers, when we have a good faith belief or legal obligation to do so in order to facilitate an investigation related to public safety or the safety or rights of a minor.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by the Company pertaining to the users of our Services is among the assets transferred;
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, such as responding to a government or regulatory request;
To enforce any contract we may have in effect with you;
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others (especially minors); and
If you have consented to such a disclosure.
7. How is my Personal Information protected?
Our Retention, Purpose Limitation, and Security Policies
We protect your Personal Information through a combination of collection, security, and retention policies.
Limited retention. We only keep your Personal Information for as long as we reasonably need it for business and operational needs or to comply with any statutory, regulatory, or legal obligations. For example, we may retain Personal Information collected from you to support customer service inquiries and prevent repeated violations or suspected violations of the Terms of Service if your account has been banned or your access to the Services has been disabled for any reason. By way of another example, we may retain the content that you create and share publicly with the Rec Room community even after you stop using the Services.
Purpose limitation. We will use your Personal Information only for the Services you choose to access and for the purposes for which you choose to share it. We will respect your requests to start or stop processing your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as well as the types of marketing messages you may wish to receive.
Security measures. We use appropriate measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk involved and have implemented contractual, technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. For example, when you directly provide us with Personal Information, including through registration, we will encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology or similar technologies. As part of our privacy compliance processes, we review these security procedures on an ongoing basis to consider new technology and methods as necessary. However, please understand that our implementation of security measures as described in this Policy does not guarantee the security of your Personal Information.
In the event of a security breach, no longer than 72 hours after we become aware of such a breach, we will notify the proper regulatory authorities and any users of the breach.
Your Practices and Activities
Your practices and activities are likewise very important for the protection of your own Personal Information. You can take certain steps to help protect your Personal Information, such as being mindful of what you post in public places. For example:
Do not use your real name when selecting a username.
Do not post your real name in public-facing areas of the Services and do not share anything private about yourself, such as your address or contact information.
Users should also not pick a password that is easy to guess and should not share their password.
Remember that we have no control over what third parties do with the content of such communications and no responsibility or obligation regarding third parties.
You May Request that We Delete Your Personal Information
Subject to any applicable law requiring or preventing otherwise, and except where retention of information is otherwise provided for by these Terms or allowed by law, we will also delete your Personal Information without undue delay when: (a) you request your Personal Information be deleted; (b) you delete your account, or no longer have an account (unless the Personal Information has been obscured, or de-identified so that it cannot be associated with you or your browser or device); (c) your Personal Information is no longer necessary to provide an app experience or service; and/or (d) when deletion is required by applicable law or regulations.
8. Additional Notice for European Union and United Kingdom Residents
The following applies to European Union residents pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation) and United Kingdom residents pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018:
Place of Business
We may store or process your Personal Information outside of the country where we collect it or which you reside. The Company has its primary place of business in the United States of America. You should understand that we may transfer some or all of your Personal Information to the United States of America to carry out certain operational and processing needs as described in this Policy.
Transfer Mechanisms
When transferring Personal Information out of the EU or UK, we implement technical, organizational, and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information. We use European Commission approved standard contractual clauses and implement related measures required by applicable law. Please contact us if you have questions related to the relevant transfer mechanism for your Personal Information.
Lawful Basis
We only collect, use, or store your Personal Information if:
You voluntarily provide it to us with your specific and informed consent (for example, when you sign up for marketing communications);
It is necessary to provide you a Service that you have requested (for example, providing you access to the Game);
We have a legitimate business interest that is not outweighed by your privacy rights (for example, to provide customer service); or
It is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of others (for example, we may collect or share Personal Information where necessary to resolve an urgent medical situation or protect the health or safety of one of our users or someone else).
Right to Access, Correct, Delete, or Restrict Processing
Subject to any limitations and exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to request access to your Personal Information and exercise a number of rights:
You have the right to correct or update certain types of Personal Information. In many cases, you can review or update your account information by accessing your account online.
You have the right to request deletion of your Personal Information. If you choose to have your Personal Information removed from our Services, we will carry out your request within 30 days of account verification, subject to extension, and will only retain minimal Personal Information to document your request and the actions we took to carry out your request.
You have the right to restrict certain processing of your Personal Information, and the right to object to some types of processing of your Personal Information.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, including objecting to your Personal Information being used for marketing or advertising purposes.
We will comply with your requests in accordance with, and subject to, applicable law. For example, the Company is not required to delete your Personal Information if it has an overriding legitimate ground for retaining that information such as to prevent fraud. Please note that we are legally prohibited from carrying out requested actions in some instances, including (1) when we are unable to confirm your identity; (2) where the request is considered excessive; and (3) where doing so would adversely affect the rights or freedoms of other individuals.
We Are Here to Help
Please email us at
support@recroom.com
with the subject line "Data Subject Rights" if you would like to exercise any of the rights described above or if you have questions regarding your rights.
Right to Complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding our collection, storage, or processing of your Personal Information with a data protection supervisory authority in the country where you live or work.
9. Additional Notice for Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia
A.
The following applies to California residents pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"):
In the preceding 12 months, the Company may have disclosed the categories of Personal Information listed in Section 2 above to our service providers for business purposes.
In the preceding 12 months, the Company has not sold or shared (as those terms are defined in CCPA §1798.140) Personal Information. The Company only discloses Personal Information to service providers for business purposes related to providing and operating the Services.
You have the right to request that the Company disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you, to the extent retained by us:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also known as a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: (a) sales, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (b) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
You have the right to request that the Company delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide the Service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug the Services to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another user to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with user expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
•	You have the right to request that the Company correct any inaccurate Personal Information that we collected from you
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you the Services.
Charge you different prices or rates for the Services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of the Services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for the Services or a different level or quality of the Services.
Verifiable Consumer Requests
To exercise your rights described above, please email us at
support@recroom.com
with the subject line "CCPA". Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your Child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 30 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
B.
This Notice applies to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, and is provided in accordance with those states’ data privacy statutes. It is intended to supplement our general Privacy Policy. In the event of any conflicts between this Notice and other sections of our Privacy Policy, this Notice shall take precedence for residents of these states.
Your Rights
You have the following rights:
Right to Access: You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal data and to request access to the categories of personal data we collect and how we use it.
Right to Correction: You may request that we correct any inaccuracies in the personal data we maintain about you.
Right to Deletion: You may request that we delete any personal data we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Data Portability: You can request a copy of your personal data in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
Right to Opt-Out: Colorado residents have the right to opt out of the following:
Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising.
The sale of your personal data to third parties.
Profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
How to Exercise Your Rights
To exercise your rights under the CPA, you may submit a request to us through the following methods:
Email:
support@recroom.com
Web Form:
https://forms.gle/v8WLkN86pt1Dw6588
Mail: 300 Elliott Ave W, #450, Seattle, WA 98119
We may need to verify your identity before processing your request to ensure the security of your data. We will respond to valid requests within 45 days, though we may extend this time by an additional 45 days in certain circumstances, with prior notice.
Appeal Process
If we deny your request, you have the right to appeal our decision. To do so, please contact us at
support@recroom.com
with the subject line “Data Privacy Appeal.” We will review your appeal and respond within 45 days.
Sale of Personal Data
We do not sell your personal data as defined under the CPA, or use it for targeted advertising or profiling. However, if this policy changes, you will be notified, and you will have the option to opt out of the sale of your data.
Data Retention
We retain personal data as long as it is necessary for the purposes outlined in our general Privacy Policy or as required by law. You can request more information about our retention periods for specific categories of personal data by contacting us at
suppport@recroom.com
.
Data Security
We take reasonable measures to secure your personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, as outlined in our Privacy Policy.
Changes to This Notice
We may update this Supplemental Notice from time to time to reflect changes in the law or our data practices. When we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you by posting an updated notice on our website and revising the effective date.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this Supplemental Notice or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Email:
support@recroom.com
Mail: 300 Elliott Ave W, Seattle, WA 98119
10. How will the Company notify users of changes to this Policy?
The Company reserves the right to change this Policy from time to time consistent with applicable law. If we make changes to this Policy, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Policy, and in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement in the Game or the homepages of our Services, or sending you an email notification).
In the event that any changes we make to Policy affect Children in a way that requires prior parental consent under COPPA, we will obtain such prior parental consent.
11. How can someone contact the Company?
If you have questions, you may email us at
support@recroom.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語