✕
GAMES
COMPANY
OUR STORY
JOB OPENINGS
SUPPORT
ENGLISH
繁體中文
Update Date: January 17, 2025
Effective Date: January 17, 2025
Sohoo Limited is the developer, publisher, and operator of social games (Sohoo games and related services) on online networks and mobile devices. "Sohoo" refers to Sohoo Limited and its affiliated companies that provide Sohoo games and their services, namely parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and other entities with common ownership. We may also refer to Sohoo as "we".
Welcome to choose the services provided by Sohoo games. This "Privacy Policy" ("this policy") aims to further detail the collection, use, storage, and sharing of personal information when you use Sohoo games and related services, as well as your relevant rights. This policy is also an integral part of the "Terms of Service".
1. Personal Information We Collect and Use
During your use of our game product services, we will collect the information you actively provide when using the services or the information generated because of using the services in the following ways to provide, optimize our services, and ensure the security of your account:
1.1 When you register, log in, and use our game product services, we will collect your account and login information as network identity identification information to mark you as a user of Sohoo games. You can use Apple accounts, mobile phone numbers, WeChat, Facebook, or other accounts recognized by us (hereinafter referred to as "third-party accounts") to register and log in to the game in association.
If you use Apple accounts, mobile phone numbers, WeChat, Facebook, and/or third-party accounts as game accounts to log in to Sohoo games in association, we will collect the unique identifiers, nicknames, and avatars related to the aforementioned third-party accounts you use to help you complete the registration and login, as well as the friend relationships, membership information, or other information authorized by you, so as to associate your friends of the aforementioned third-party accounts in the game, display your membership status, and provide you with applicable game benefits to achieve a better social experience. You can view and manage the authorization status of the above information in the aforementioned third-party platforms.
1.2 To meet the requirements of relevant laws, regulations, policies, and relevant competent departments (if any), you should provide your real identity information for account registration and login. We will verify your real identity information through the relevant third-party real-name authentication system.
1.3 When you use our game product services, we will collect your game log information, such as login logs, item logs, operation information, game match information, friend-making information, etc., so that you can use various related functions and scenes of the game normally, and also for customer service complaint handling and game security and vulnerability analysis. To ensure the consistency and stability of your game experience, we may synchronize the aforementioned information to subsequent versions of the game.
1.4 To ensure your normal use of our services, maintain the normal operation of the basic functions of the game, optimize the performance of our game products according to your device terminal and network status, enhance your game experience, and ensure the security of your account, we may collect information such as your device name, device type, device model and version, operating system, system attributes, IP address, operator information, Wi-Fi status/parameters, device identifiers (such as IMEI, IMSI, MAC address, hardware serial number, OAID), application ID, network type, etc. To ensure the display effect of the game product screen, we may need to collect your rotation vector sensor information to rotate and redraw the screen according to the orientation change of your device. We will collect your magnetic field sensor and orientation sensor information to provide you with interactive advertising.
1.5 When you use the consumption function, we will collect your recharge records, consumption records, etc. to provide services and allow you to query your transaction records, and at the same time protect the security of your virtual items to the greatest extent. Recharge records and consumption records are sensitive personal information, and collecting the above information is necessary to realize the consumption function, otherwise the transaction cannot be completed.
1.6 To ensure the security of your game environment and device, and create a fair, healthy, and safe game environment, we will collect your device and game identification information, such as device identifiers, hardware and operating system information, installed application list, process and game crash records, overall game usage, game channel source, etc., to combat behaviors that undermine the fair game environment or interfere with and disrupt the normal operation of game services (such as detecting piracy, scanning cheats, preventing cheating, etc.). We will collect your acceleration sensor, gyroscope sensor, gravity sensor information, and use AI algorithms to assist in improving the minor identification strategy and prevent minors/illegal users from bypassing detection to play games and other risk identification scenarios. In particular, before you start a game match or when there is an abnormal installation behavior, we will scan the characteristic values of the suspicious application installation packages you installed through the application list for cheat or hacking software detection. We will only complete the above detection on your device locally and report the abnormal results, and will not store your application list and installation package information on the server or use it for other purposes.
1.7 When you interact with other players in the game through text, voice, or other multimedia files, we may collect and save the content of the information you send to filter out inappropriate content such as pornography, violence, politics, abuse, and malicious advertisements, so as to purify the game environment and maintain a healthy online environment.
1.8 To provide you with game services based on the positioning function (leaderboards, friends, competitions, prize collection functions, merchant activities), we will collect your geographical location information (including the Wi-Fi near you, the name of the Wi-Fi access point (SSID), the Mac address of the router (BSSID), the ID of the nearby base station (CellID), GPS information). Geographical location information is sensitive personal information. Refusing to provide this information will result in your inability to use the corresponding positioning game functions, and in specific cases, it may also affect the system's judgment on whether you are using the game normally.
1.9 When you copy the information in the game for sharing, we need to access your clipboard locally on the device, write the information you copied in the game, and share it outside the game. We will not collect the information in your clipboard.
1.10 We may collect your mobile phone number when you actively provide it, for notifying you of the results of the activities you participate in, reporting game failures, and providing feedback and communication on the matters you consult, or pushing information to you with your separate consent.
1.11 If you contact our customer service, we may need you to provide necessary personal information for identity verification to ensure the security of your account. To provide services according to your requests, after obtaining your authorization, the customer service staff will query or verify your relevant information within the scope of your authorization. We will take technical and management measures as much as possible to ensure the security and confidentiality of your information and use it within the necessary scope. We may also save your contact information (the mobile phone number, WeChat, Facebook, QQ number or other contact methods you use or actively provide), your communication records and contents with us, and other necessary information to provide and record customer service for you. The specific information depends on the information you actually authorize and provide.
1.12 When you participate in the product marketing and promotion research activities held by us, we may collect your name, mailing address, contact information or other information you actively fill in through questionnaires or invitations for you to fill in, so as to fulfill and issue activity rewards to you. When the activities are jointly held by us and our affiliates, the relevant information may be synchronized among multiple affiliates and the products or services operated by the affiliates to ensure that you have a complete activity experience. Please refer to the separate instructions on the activity page for details.
1.13 To collect the above information to achieve the corresponding game functions and business scenarios, we may apply for some system permissions from you in specific business scenarios. You can choose whether to authorize independently. These system permissions include:
Android - Storage/iOS - Photos: Provide picture saving and sharing functions.
Android - Microphone/iOS - Microphone: Provide in-game voice communication and WeChat live broadcast functions.
Android - Location/iOS - Location Services: Provide game services based on the positioning function and cooperative merchant privilege functions.
iOS - Advertising Identifier: Obtain the advertising identifier for monitoring the advertising placement effect, analyzing and optimizing the advertising placement effect.
Android - Camera/iOS - Camera: Provide in-game shooting and scanning functions.
The above permissions will not be enabled by default. We will only apply for the above permissions in specific business scenarios. Refusing the above permissions will only affect the specific game functions and business scenarios associated with them, and will not affect your use of other game functions. Please understand that due to the different operating systems of different terminal devices, the names of the permissions on different terminals may vary. You can manage the system permissions through the relevant pages of the terminal device.
1.14 For the HTML5 or Flash pages in our game products, to achieve statistics of the number of visits, optimization of the web page effect, recording of login and operations, and facilitate your repeated login and access. We will use technologies such as Cookie or tags and scripts to collect information including Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit page, operating system, date/time stamp and/or clickstream data. We will not associate the automatically collected log data with other information we collect. You can clear this information by clearing the browser/game cache.
1.15 According to relevant laws, regulations, and national standards, in the following situations, we may collect and use your relevant personal information without seeking your authorization:
1) Necessary for fulfilling legal responsibilities or legal obligations;
2) Necessary for responding to public health emergencies or protecting the life, health and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
3) Processing personal information that has been publicly disclosed by individuals themselves or has been legally disclosed within a reasonable range according to laws and regulations;
4) Necessary for concluding and fulfilling a contract in which you are a party;
5) Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
1.16 Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a function or service is not mentioned in the above description and collects your information, we will explain the content, scope and purpose of the information collection through page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc. to obtain your consent.
1.17 At present, except for collecting game research information from third-party research institutions to help us improve game products and provide services suitable for you, and the situations clearly stated in this guide, we will not actively obtain your personal information from third parties. If it is necessary to indirectly obtain and process your personal information from third parties for business development in the future, we will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations and require the third party to obtain your consent and ensure the legality of the information provided by it.
2. Sharing, Transfer and Public Disclosure of Personal Information
2.1 Personal Information Sharing
Except as agreed in this policy and the "Terms of Service", we will not actively share your personal information with third parties without your consent. If there are other situations where your personal information needs to be shared or you need us to share your personal information with a third party for use beyond the original authorized purpose, we will directly or indirectly obtain your express consent for the above behavior through the third party. To achieve specific purposes, the scenarios where we share information with third parties are as follows:
1) Protection of Minors
To better protect the physical and mental health of minors and promote their healthy Internet access, we will inform their guardians of the game-related consumption records and usage conditions when we discover suspected minor consumption or receive a request from a legal guardian, for reminder, confirmation and handling. For details of the collection of personal information of minors, see Article 7 of this guide.
2) Associated Product Services
When you use other products or services operated by Sohoo ("associated products"), with your explicit authorization, we will bind the game product account you choose with the associated product, and share the nickname, avatar, battle record or other information authorized by you of your game product account with the associated product, for display to you or other users in the associated product, so that you can participate in the game benefit activities in the associated product and receive corresponding benefits. The specific personal information collection and use rules will be synchronized to you when you bind the account, and the account binding and information sharing will be completed after obtaining your authorization. You can view and manage the authorization of your game history information on the relevant pages of the associated product, or choose whether to display your game history information to other users. Refusing authorization does not affect your use of the functions of this product and associated products.
3) Third-Party Services
To ensure the safe and stable operation of the game and achieve specific functions, some services in Sohoo games are provided by our affiliates or other third parties. We will carefully select third parties and third-party services, and urge the relevant third parties to collect and use your personal information in accordance with this guide or other agreements reached with you, and take appropriate security technology to ensure the security of your personal information. For details of the sharing of information with third parties in this product, please refer to the relevant "Third-Party Information Sharing List" (including the "Third-Party SDK Directory").
4) Statistical Analysis and Research
To improve our security management and technical research capabilities, promote service security and technical levels, and provide users with better services, we will share data that has been de-identified or anonymized within a reasonable and necessary range, under the premise of ensuring the legitimacy of the purpose and data security. Without your explicit authorization, we will not share information that can be used to identify your personal identity with the above institutions.
5) Advertising
For the purposes of advertising placement, evaluating and optimizing the advertising placement effect, we need to share some of your data with third-party partners such as advertisers, advertising suppliers, service providers and their agents, and require them to strictly abide by our measures and requirements for data privacy protection, including but not limited to processing according data protection agreements, letters of commitment and relevant data processing policies, to avoid identifying personal identities and ensure privacy security. For details of how the products that provide advertising push share data with third-party advertising partners, please refer to the advertising push part of the "Third-Party Information Sharing List".
6) Download/Access from Third-Party Platforms
When you download/access this product through a third-party platform, we may share de-identified label information with the platform to enable the platform to confirm the platform conversion efficiency, optimize the push effect, and/or confirm the results of your participation in platform activities. This information cannot identify your real identity. We will require the cooperating party to strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations to use this information and protect your legitimate rights and interests.
2.2 Public Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as otherwise provided in this policy and the "Sohoo Game Service Agreement", we will not publicly disclose the collected personal information. If public disclosure is necessary, we will inform you of the purpose of this public disclosure, the type of information disclosed and the possible sensitive personal information involved, and obtain your express consent.
Please note that if you are processed due to violating the "Terms of Service" or any illegal behavior during the use of Sohoo games, we may announce the processing results and disclose the relevant account information in the announcement.
2.3 Transfer of Personal Information
Without your authorization, we will not transfer your personal information to third parties. With the continuous development of our business, we may conduct mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers and other transactions. We will inform you of the relevant situation and continue to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and standards not lower than those required by this guide, or require the new processor to continue to protect your personal information.
3. Storage of Personal Information
3.1 Method and Duration of Information Storage
We will store your information in a secure manner, including local storage (such as using APP for data caching), databases and server logs. Generally, we will only store your personal information for the time necessary to achieve the service purpose or under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations. After the expiration of the aforementioned period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. We mainly refer to the following standards to judge the storage period of personal information and take the longer one as the standard:
1)  Completing the business functions you agreed to use;
2) Ensuring the security and quality of the services we provide to you;
3) The longer retention period you agreed to;
4) Whether there are other provisions on the retention period;
5) Information that needs to be saved within a specific period as required by laws and regulations.
3.2 Region of Information Storage
We will store the user personal information collected in China within the Chinese territory in accordance with the law.
3.3 Notification of Product or Service Termination
When our product or service is terminated, we will notify you according to the law and protect your legitimate rights and interests.
4. Information Security
4.1 Security Protection Measures
We take multiple measures to protect your information security, including technical means such as firewalls, encryption (such as SSL), de-identification or anonymization processing, access control measures, etc., as well as management systems and organizational structures. We also enhance the security of software on your device.
We also take technical measures such as firewalls, encryption (such as SSL), de-identification or anonymization processing, access control measures, etc. in a timely manner. In addition, we will continuously enhance the security capabilities of the software installed on your device. For example, we will complete part of the information encryption work locally on your device to strengthen the security of transmission; we will understand the application information installed on your device and the running process information to prevent viruses, Trojan horses and other malicious programs.
We have established a special management system, process and organization for ensuring personal information security. For example, we strictly limit the scope of personnel accessing information, require them to abide by confidentiality obligations and conduct audits, and those who violate the obligations will be punished according to the regulations. We will also review the management system, process and organization to prevent unauthorized personnel from accessing, using or disclosing user information.
We suggest that you pay full attention to the protection of personal information when using products and services, and we will also provide various security functions to assist you in protecting your personal information security.
4.2 Security Incident Response Measures
If an information security incident such as personal information leakage occurs, we will activate an emergency response plan to prevent the spread of the incident. After the incident occurs, we will inform you of the basic situation of the security incident, the disposal measures and remedial measures we have taken or are about to take, and our suggestions for you in the form of announcements, push notifications or emails. If it is difficult to notify each user individually, we will issue a warning through announcements.
5. Your Rights
During your use of our game product services, we may provide corresponding operation settings according to the specific situation of the game product, so that you can query, copy, correct, supplement, delete or withdraw your relevant personal information. In addition, we have also set up a complaint and reporting channel, and your opinions will be processed in a timely manner.
5.1 Query of Personal Information Collection and Use Rules
You can view the rules for collecting and using personal information in the relevant interface of the product at any time, including but not limited to this guide, the "Third-Party Information Sharing List", and the usage rules and authorization status of product sensitive permissions.
Please note that the services described in this guide and the corresponding collection and use of personal information may vary depending on factors such as the specific service you choose to use, as well as the model and system version of your device.
5.2 Query and Correction of Personal Information
You can query and access the basic information of your account (account avatar, nickname, and other information you choose to fill in), and game history information (such as character level, achievements, battle records, and product-specific game information) in the relevant pages of the product.
If you find that the real-name information of your account is incorrect (if any), you can consult the official customer service to apply for modifying the authentication. However, please note that in order to ensure the stability and security of the account and prevent illegal theft and transfer of the account, the frequency of modifying the real-name authentication will be limited.
You can query more information about your use of our game product and services in the product according to the actual situation of the product and the prompts, specifically refer to the instructions on the relevant interface of the product.
If you have other needs for querying, copying, correcting, or supplementing personal information, you can also contact us through the contact information described in Article 9 of this guide. However, please note that when you contact us to apply for a response to your personal information rights, we may verify your identity and account security status. We will support your reasonable requests as much as possible. However, in cases where the request exceeds our personal information storage range, exceeds a reasonable limit, or responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legal rights and interests of you or other third parties, we may not be able to respond to your application.
5.3 Display and Sharing of Personal Information
The basic information of your game account (avatar, nickname, character level) will be displayed on your personal home page, in the rankings or related functions you participate in.
Your game match and history information (specifically including but not limited to your historical battle records, spectator mode, battle information/status, achievement information, leaderboards) will be displayed to you, other users, or friends according to your choice. The game product provides a path to turn off the display, so that you can set whether to publicly display the aforementioned relevant information, specifically refer to the relevant pages of the product.
The information you upload or post in the game product, or the information you actively share externally, will be displayed to the users within the scope you choose to post or share.
When you authorize a third party to obtain your information in the game, the third party will disclose your relevant information to you or other users of the third party within the scope of your authorization. Please pay attention to the rules of the third party platform for specific display rules and public scope settings.
5.4 Change of Authorization for Personal Information Collection and Use
You can change the scope of authorization for our collection and use of your personal information by deleting information, turning off or turning on specific product functions, or turning off or turning on the device permissions obtained by specific products (the specific permissions vary depending on the model and system version of the device you use).
After withdrawing the authorization, you may not be able to use the product functions corresponding to the authorization, but it will not affect the use of other functions. Withdrawing the authorization does not affect the validity of the personal information processing activities that have been carried out based on your authorization before the withdrawal.
Some personal information collection and use are related to the basic functions of our services. If you want to withdraw the authorization for the collection and use of such personal information, it may lead to our inability to provide services to you. In this case, if you still want to withdraw the authorization, you can achieve this need by applying for account cancellation. For example, based on legal requirements, using game services requires real-name authentication. If you want to withdraw the authorization for our collection of real-name authentication information and require us to delete your real-name authentication information, we may not be able to continue to provide you with the basic services of the game product.
5.5 Account Cancellation
You can apply for account cancellation on the relevant pages of the product. When you apply for account cancellation, we will verify your identity, account security status, and cancellation conditions. Please carefully read the instructions in the product cancellation process and the relevant agreement terms. After the game account is cancelled, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or this agreement, your personal information under the game account will be deleted or anonymized, and the related products and services previously associated with the game account will no longer be associated. Once the game account is cancelled, it cannot be restored, so please operate carefully.
6. Changes
We may revise this policy from time to time. When the rules for collecting and using personal information described in this policy and other matters stipulated by laws and regulations change, we will prompt you of the changed policy in an appropriate way when the version is updated. Please read the changed privacy policy carefully. Your continued use of Sohoo games indicates that you agree that we collect, process, or use your personal information in accordance with the updated privacy policy.
7. Protection of Minors
This product is not applicable to minors under 18 years old. However, we attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information and continue to explore better ways to protect minors' personal information.
If you are the legal guardian of a minor, please pay attention to whether the minor you are guardianship uses Sohoo game services or provides personal information after obtaining your authorization. If you have any questions about the personal information of the minor you are guardianship, please contact us through the contact information in Article 9.
8. Hong Kong and Macau
In Hong Kong, as a data subject, you have the right to request access to and correct the personal information we hold about you. You also have the right to refuse our use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes. We may charge a fee for complying with your request for access to personal information.
In Macau, as a data subject, you have the right to request a copy of your processed personal information, to request data correction, and to oppose our use of your personal information for marketing or any other form of commercial exploration or any personal reason. You also have the right to request deletion or blocking of the processing of your personal information if it does not comply with the Personal Information Protection Law. We may charge a fee for complying with your request for access to personal information.
9. Contact Us
We have established a special personal information protection team and a personal information protection person in charge. If you have any questions, complaints, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy or personal information protection, you can contact us through the following methods:
1) You can fill in the personal information and privacy feedback questionnaire to contact us;
2) Send the problem to support@sohoomail.com;
3) Contact us through the Sohoo official website (https://www.sohoo.com).
We will review the issues involved as soon as possible and reply to your request within 15 working days or the time limit stipulated by laws and regulations.