Privacy Policy
PandaVPN respects and make every effort to protect the privacy of our users. We want you to understand what information we collect and don’t collect, how we collect, use, and store information. We do not collect logs of your activity, including no logging of browsing history, traffic destination, data content, or DNS queries. Also, we never store connection logs, meaning no logs of your IP address, connection timestamp, or session duration.
Acceptance
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Your understanding and compliance with PandaVPN's Privacy Policy will help us provide you with an efficient and satisfying service experience. Our Privacy Policy covers any personal information that PandaVPN obtains from you.
When you use the services provided on PandaVPN, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy, including our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in our Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
When you sign up on the PandaVPN, you can choose to connect an email. It is not compulsory because not connecting email won’t affect the account signup. We will store your information, but will not share it with any third parties except as necessary to provide the features of the Service.
For example, we may use your information when analyzing user data with third-party platform tools. We will use your contact details to send you notifications about the Service and to respond to customer support requests. You may access and change your personal information by logging in to the PandaVPN.
PandaVPN uses your email address for the following reasons:
To provide links to our Site, including password reset links;
To communicate with you about your VPN services or respond to your communications;
To send marketing information. You may choose to not receive Marketing emails by following the opt-out procedure described in these emails.
PandaVPN uses your personal information only for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, and we will not sell your personal information to third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our service is spread globally, and as such, your data travels through our global servers, which might not or might be outside of your country of residence. We rely on some third-party service providers to enable us to provide you our services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.
You acknowledge and understand that your information will be transmitted as it is necessary to provide our services and live up to our Terms of Service.
Information Sercurity
We urge you to protect your own privacy. We recommend that you do not share or disclose your PandaVPN password with anyone else in any possible ways (phone call and email included).
When necessary, we will use strong cryptographic algorithms to protect all public and private keys and passwords. All of these appropriate security measures are taken for protecting information against unauthorized access, unauthorized alteration, destruction or data leakage. PandaVPN’s employees, contractors and agents are all restricted to access personal information. Those officials’  information acquiring requirements for operation, development or service improvement are bound by confidentiality obligations. They may be subjected to disciplinary action, which includes termination and criminal prosecution, upon failing to meet these obligations.
Cookies
PandaVPN uses a few different types of cookies to improve the user experience on website, such as:
Google Analytics for statistical assessment and website performance improvement;
Affiliate cookies to identify the customers referred to the Site by our partners, so that we can grant the referrers with commissions;
Cookies for personalizing the content of the Site for users, such as setting the default language.
You can set up warnings every time the Site places a cookie in your browser, or you can choose to disable all cookies. You can do both through your browser settings. Since each browser has a different procedure for managing cookies, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to do it.
Alternatively, you can disable all cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add-on. Please note that disabling cookies may negatively affect some features that make your Site experience more efficient.
Third-Party Websites
The Site may contain links to external websites that do not fall under PandaVPN’s domain. PandaVPN is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such external websites.
Consent and Age Restrictions
By using the Site, Content, Apps, Software, or Services, you agree to have your information handled as described in our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
The Services are intended for adults aged 18 and above. If you believe your child has provided information to us, please let us know immediately.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
Keeping your information private is our core mission. In service of this mission, PandaVPN registered its business in Seychelles that has integrated data protection legislation. PandaVPN complies with the laws or the requirements of law enforcement agencies of the server’s region.
Please note that PandaVPN won’t collect users’ IP addresses, browsing histories, traffic data etc. Additionally, we will notify affected users about any requests for their account information, unless prohibited from doing so by law or court order.
Users in the European Union
PandaVPN is committed to user privacy globally, and our existing practices reflect that through minimal collection of data and ensuring users have control over their personal information. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU) requires us to outline those practices in a specific manner for users in the EU.
In line with the GDPR, we collect and process the data outlined in this Privacy Policy on one of the following bases, depending on the circumstances:
For the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to users, including:
Providing users with the Services and Apps they have requested.
Managing user subscriptions and processing payments.
Providing customer support.
For a legitimate interest associated with the operation of our business, including:
Enhancing the quality, reliability, and effectiveness of our Site, Services, and Apps.
Communicating with customers to provide information and seek feedback related to our Services and Apps.
With the consent of users, which users can withdraw at any time.
You can exercise your rights under the GDPR to access, transfer, correct, delete, or object to the processing of your personal information by contacting us at panda7x24@gmail.com
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, without prior notice to you, consistent with applicable privacy laws and principles. Your continued use of the Site or Services constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
How to Contact US
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and how we handle your information, please feel free to contact us at the following email address: panda7x24@gmail.com
This website uses cookies to improve the user experience. To learn more, please check our
Privacy Policy
.
Accept