Privacy
Thank you for choosing our app! This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect, store, use, and share from and about users of this of this product and associated services (collectively, "Services"). By registering for an account or by using our Services, you expressly consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.
Information Collection
We will collect and retain the personal information you provide to Us voluntarily, such as your account name and email address when you create an account to use the Services or when you give us feedback or contact us via email. We do make an attempt to collect only core information from you as is required to provide a functional and secure experience.
Our Services collect non personally identifying information from and about you when you use the Services. Like most mobile products, we use common internet technologies such as cookies, pixels, and beacons to keep track of user interactions with the Services, including where you navigate, what you tap on, how long you stay engaged, and the content you visit. When you use our Services, we may also collect information such as your browser and device information, language preferences, associate the different devices you use to access the services, and other traffic and usage related data.
We may utilize a third party service such as Firebase to help us gather and analyze this non personally identifying information as well as traffic and aggregated information. This helps us improve the Services and to provide certain functionality and advanced security, such as recognize your device when you use our Services.
The Services utilize certain APIs, "feeds" and other mechanisms provided by third parties to provide certain functionality such as news sources and news content ("Third Party Apps"). When you navigate to any of the Third Party Apps, you will be subject to the privacy policies and practices of the Third Party Apps. Please review their terms of service and privacy policies to understand what they may do with your information once you navigate to their sites.
If you affirmatively give us permission as to your location data, we will also collect and retain such data for providing app features like nearby chat and for improving our own services. You may turn off geolocation and adjust the settings on your device to limit this data. Contacts information may be retained and used in order to facilitate services and features such as 'tag', for product improvement, or for legal obligations. And, specifically as it relates to TrueDepth data, this data will be used to provide functional games/features within the site/app experience. Data will be collected and used only when necessary, to power a user-initiated app feature or game like Face Emoji, and presently is only used on-device and not stored.
Information Use
In general, we use the information collected from and about you on the Services in order to facilitate your use of and our administration and operation of the Services, to provide support for the Services, to respond to user requests and inquiries, and to improve our offerings. We will associate and analyze the information from and about users and their use of the Services to better understand what interests our users.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We may share or disclose information about users (including personal information) as follows:
Analytics. Like most websites and app developers, we use third party analytic services to gather and analyze information through automated means. We engage third party providers such as Firebase to help us track and analyze information from users of the Services.
Service Providers. Information compiled from our Services may also be shared with other service providers, like technical agents, subcontractors, and our affiliates and consultants that are helping us with our Services. These intermediaries and data processors use your information in connection with performing the Services for which we have engaged them.
Snap Service Provider. Reference Snap's Privacy Policy here: https://snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy.
Anonymized Information. We may freely share non personally identifying information and aggregated information from our Services with others, such as merchants, advertisers, sponsors, potential investors and business partners for our benefit and/or for their use. We may also provide them with reports that contain aggregated and statistical data for general marketing and demographic purposes. We also reserve the right to use anonymized data for any purpose including to disclose anonymized data to third parties.
Investigations. We may disclose your information if permitted or required by law or is necessary to comply with the law enforcement or in response to a search warrant, subpoena or other legal process or where we believe such action is necessary in order to protect or defend our interests or the interests of our users or business partners.
Business Transfers. We may share your information during due diligence or in preparation for a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation. In addition, if the business associated with the Services, or any of its assets, are sold, We retain the right to share and transfer all information described herein with a purchaser, so long as that purchaser agrees to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information Retention
We'll retain the information we collect on our Servers for as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for collection, use or disclosure of you or your device data, We (and any third party with whom We have contracted to serve advertising) will promptly cease all such use. But please note: there might be some latency; and we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
General.
Security. All of the user data is kept on servers that We manage, using reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect against unauthorized use, access or disclosure of data. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet or information contained in our servers can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee or warrant its security.
Around the world. Information may be maintained and transferred onto servers or databases located outside your state or country or to a jurisdiction where the privacy laws may be different from those in your location. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store information in the United States and your use of our Products or Services constitutes your consent to and understanding of this processing.
California Privacy Rights. Under California law, California residents may be entitled to a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we have shared with third parties or corporate affiliates for direct marketing purposes in the past 12 months. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the address below. In your request, please specify: "California Privacy Notice." and allow up to thirty days for this notice to be provided.
Children Under 13. Our Services are not intended for children under age 13.
Marketing Opt Out. We permit all users to request an opt out from receiving marketing emails, texts, or other marketing communications from us on a going-forward basis. Please submit a written request to the address below. In your request, please specify "Marketing Opt Out." Please note that if you opt out, this will apply to marketing messages from us only. We will not be able to remove your personal information from the database of any third parties to whom you have previously authorized us to share such information. Please also note that we may still send you important administrative messages, and you cannot opt-out from receiving such administrative messages.
Changes. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements made and performed in California, excluding the application of the conflict of laws provisions. This Privacy Policy is also subject to our Terms of Service.
Contact
Have questions or concerns about our Services and privacy? Contact us at contact@viralstuffxoxo.com. Viral Stuff, LLC.
Dated November 2020