Privacy Policy
Last updated April 23, 2023
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Hyperlite Studios Ltd, doing business as Hyperlite ("Hyperlite", "we", "us", or "our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at support@hyperlitestudios.com.
When you play our games or use our mobile applications you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Apps and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our games, mobile applications, ("Apps"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Sites").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Hyperlite is committed to protecting personal data concerning you, and respecting your privacy.
This privacy notice describes how we will process your personal data when you use our products or services, including our website hyperlitestudios.com and mobile apps
This Website sets out details of the processing we carry out, the purpose of the processing, the legal basis for the processing, our legal obligations as controller, and your rights in relation to that processing.
Information collected through our Apps
Apple, Amazon, or Google User ID
Specific user behaviour characteristics
Preferences including advertising preferences
Technical device data, device and website usage data.
the name you have associated with your device
your country
your specific geolocation
information about Hyperlite and other third-party apps you have on your device
We will process this information in order to:
optimise your experience
secure your user data and personal data
improve our mobile apps
Before seeking access to this personal data in the context in which it is handled inside the app, we may occasionally ask for your consent. The privacy settings on your device, which may be changed in the settings menu, may also affect the extent of access.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may disclose or publish aggregated information (information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you, for example, players between the ages of 21 and 25 who live San Francisco) and other non-personal information about our players for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, advertising, and other business purposes.
In addition, we may share your information (which may include personal information) with third parties (in other words, parties other than Hyperlite) or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfil business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
• Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
· Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
• Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfil the terms of our contract.
· Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
• Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
• Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors,
service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyse and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
• Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
• Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Apps. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
• Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
• Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
• Other Users. When you share personal information or otherwise interact with public areas of the Apps, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Apps in perpetuity. If you interact with other users of our Apps and register through a social network (such as Facebook), your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Apps, and view your profile.
Offer Wall.
Our Apps may display a third-party hosted "offer wall." Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Such an offer wall may appear in our mobile application and be displayed to you based on certain data, such as your geographic area or demographic information. When you click on an offer wall, you will leave our mobile application. A unique identifier, such as your user ID, will be shared with the offer wall provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit your account.
4. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our websites using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our Apps offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, e-mail address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on the Apps. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but are not affiliated with, our websites.
The Apps may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Apps. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organisational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
8. LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
For questions about data processing, visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 13 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 13 years of age. By using the Apps, you represent that you are at least 13 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent's use of the Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us at support@hyperlitestudios.com
10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
If you are an individual in the EU or UK, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
• Contact us using the contact information provided.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list - however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. To otherwise opt-out, you may - Contact us using the contact information provided.
11. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognising and implementing DNT signals has been finalised. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
12. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Apps, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
13. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
14. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at support@hyperlitestudios.com or by post to:
Hyperlite Studios Ltd
The Old Post Cottage
Top Green
Denston
Newmarket
CB8 8PW