PRIVACY POLICY
Home
Privacy Policy
We, Bombay Play Entertainment Private Limited, incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as “we”, “our” or “us”) having its registered office at No. 16, Ground Floor, 4th Cross Ramaiah Layout, Flower Garden, Babusabpalya Bengaluru, Karnataka, India, provides videogaming services including tournaments (herein, the “Services”) through the website
www.bombayplay.com
and associated mobile application (hereinafter, the “Platform”).
We ensure our firm commitment to your privacy vis-à-vis the protection of your priceless information. In order to provide you with access to the Platform and to endow you with uninterrupted use of our Services, we may collect and, in some circumstances, disclose information about you. We have created and notified this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to set out the practices and procedure we will follow regarding the collection, use, storage and disclosure of any personally identifiable information provided by you to us in order to avail of our Services (hereinafter, “Personal Information”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) has been drafted in accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data or information) Rules, 2011.
All visitors to the Platform are advised to read and understand our Privacy Policy carefully, as by accessing the Platform and availing the Services you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy and consent to the collection, storage and use of information relating to you as provided herein. This Privacy Policy represents a binding agreement between you and the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000.
If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy, including in relation to the manner of collection or use of your information, please do not use or access the Platform.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you should contact our Customer Support Desk at
support@bombayplay.com
.
We reserve the right to change the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy from time to time as we deem fit. We will endeavour to provide notice of any changes to you, however, you are required to periodically review the Privacy Policy from time to time for the latest information on our privacy practices. Should it be that you do not accept any of the modifications or amendments to the Privacy Policy, you should terminate your use of this Website immediately.
Collection of Information
During your use of the Platform, we may collect such information from you including but not limited to:
your name;
your e-mail address;
your contact number;
your date of birth;
information derived from your social media access permissions;
your gamer tags;
your location;
information regarding your browsing behaviour and pages visited; and
any other information regarding your interaction with the Platform.
The information we collect about you will depend on the products and services that we offer, on an ongoing basis. To the extent possible, we provide you the option of not divulging any specific information that you wish for us not to collect, store or use. You may also choose not to use a particular service or feature on the Platform, and opt out of any non-essential communications from the Company. Please note that if you do not allow us to collect all the information we request on the Platform, then we may not be able to deliver your chosen products/Services effectively.
Use of Information
We only collect and use such information from you that we consider necessary for achieving a seamless, efficient and safe experience, customized to your needs including:
To enable the provision of Services opted for by you
To communicate necessary account and product/service related information from time to time;
To allow you to receive quality customer care services;
To undertake necessary fraud and money laundering prevention checks, and comply with the highest security standards;
To comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations; and
To provide you with information and offers on products and services, on updates, on promotions, on related, affiliated or associated service providers and partners, that we believe would be of interest to you.
The Company may also use contact information internally to direct its efforts for product improvement, to contact you as a survey respondent, to notify you if you win any contest; and to send you promotional materials from its contest sponsors or advertisers. You hereby consent to receiving calls, auto-dialled and/or pre-recorded message calls, e-mails, from the Company or its service partners from time to time. You may opt out of such communication either by unsubscribing on the Platform itself, or by contacting the customer services team and placing a request for unsubscribing by sending an email to
support@bombayplay.com
Storage of Information
We only collect and use such information from you that we consider necessary for achieving a seamless, efficient and safe experience, customized to your needs including:
[We store and process your personal information on Amazon Web Services] cloud servers and other cloud service providers. Some of the safeguards that we use are [firewalls and 256 bit data encryption using SSL and AES, and information access authorization controls]. We use reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your information against loss, theft, unauthorised access, disclosure, reproduction, use or amendment. To achieve the same, we use reasonable security practices and procedures as mandated under applicable laws for the protection of your information. Information you provide to us may be stored on our secure servers located within or outside India.
You understand and accept that there’s no guarantee that data transmission over the Internet will be completely secure and that any information that you transmit to us is at your own risk. We assume no liability for any disclosure of information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access to our Platform and data bases or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control and you shall not be entitled to hold the Company responsible for any breach of security.
We will hold the information shared by you in the manner described above for as long as we reasonably require for fulfilling the purpose for which we collected such information. This includes for any regulatory, archival purposes, or to protect/defend the Company from any legal claims by anyone.
Cookies
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our Websites. "Cookies" are small files sited on your hard drive that assist us to identify you and provide you with customized services, and make the Platform more user friendly. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". Cookies can also help us provide information, which is targeted to your interests. Cookies may be used to identify logged in or registered users. Most browsers will permit you to decline cookies but if you choose to do this, it might affect the Services on some parts of the Platform. We might also use other technology to track how you interact with the Platform and/or employ some third party agencies to use the data on our behalf.
Disclosure of Information
Your information is regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any entitlements and requirements under applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Where any service requested by you involves a third party, such information as is reasonably necessary for the Company to carry out your service request may be shared with such third party.
We may share your information with third parties under a confidentiality agreement which inter alia restricts such third parties from further disclosing the information unless such disclosure is for the purpose as detailed under that confidentiality agreement.
Other than as descried above, we will share your information with third parties only in such manner as described below:
We may share your information with our third-party partners in order to conduct data analysis in order to serve you better and provide Services on our Platform;
We may disclose your information, without prior notice, if we are under a duty to do so in order to comply with any legal obligation or an order from the government and/or a statutory authority, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, investigating intellectual property rights infringement and enforcing security procedures as implemented on the Platform from time to time; and
with parent or subsidiary entity, who will be under obligations to treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by us will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
External Links on Website
The Platform may include hyperlinks to other web sites or content or resources (“Third Party Site(s)”). We have no control over any websites or resources, which are provided by companies or persons other than us. If you choose to use any services provided on a Third Party Site, or by us in partnership with a Third Party Site, then in accordance your request, we may disclose information to such Third Party Site, and/or grant them permission to collect information about you. Any collection, use, storage and disclosure of such information will be governed by the private policy of such Third Party Site.
You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of any such Third Party Sites, and does not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such Third Party Sites.
You acknowledge and agree that We are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the non-availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from Third Party Sites. These Third-Party Sites and the entities which operate the same may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to. We recommend that when you enter a Third-Party Site, you review the Third Party Site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Platform.
Accessing and Reviewing Information
Following registration, you can review and change the information you submitted each time except your display name. If you change any information we may keep track of your old information. You can change your registration information such as: name, address, city, state, pin code, country, phone number, and profile.
You may request us to delete any of the information submitted by you on or through the Platform or by sending a direct request to
support@bombayplay.com
. We will endeavour to remove all of the information that you have requested us to delete however, please note that we will need to and reserve the right to retain such information in our files, systems and services for certain purposes such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our terms and conditions.
Other Information Collectors
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Information that you may disclose to other parties, whether they are on our Platform or otherwise is not governed by this Privacy Policy and the Company does not take any responsibility, or provide any endorsement regarding the use or disclosure of information by such third parties. Since we do not control the privacy policies of the third parties, you are subject to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. Any information that you may disclose to other users in the use of the platform shall also:
Disclaimer
We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy due to the inherent limitations of electronic communications. As a user of the Platform, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Platform, the internet generally, and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Site.
Disputes and Jurisdiction
All disputes arising out of or in relation to this Privacy Policy including but not limited to the existence, validity, rights conferred, and obligations undertaken will be resolved through a two-step dispute resolution mechanism set out below:
Stage 1:
Mediation. In case of a dispute, the matter will first be attempted to be resolved by a sole mediator who is a neutral third party and will be selected at the mutual acceptance of both parties. Both parties may raise a name for sole mediator and in case both parties accept the proposed name, the said person shall be appointed as sole mediator. In any case the parties are not able to reach a consensus within two proposed mediators, the Company reserves the right to decide who the final mediator is. The decision of the mediator is not binding on both parties, however the parties in good faith will attempt to bind by the decision.
Stage 2:
Arbitration. In case that mediation does not yield a result suitable or preferred by any one of the parties, arbitration may follow, the award of which is binding on both parties. The Arbitration Board shall comprise three members – one appointed by each party and the third member to be nominated by the two appointed members by mutual consent. Arbitration shall be held at Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. The proceedings of arbitration shall be in the English language. The arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding on the Parties. The cost of arbitration will be split equally amongst the parties. If the dispute cannot be resolved by this two-step Alternate Dispute Resolution mechanism, it shall be referred exclusively to the courts at Bengaluru, Karnataka, India.
Questions and Suggestions and Grievance Officer
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you should contact us by sending an e-mail to
support@bombayplay.com
Grievance officer: Oliver Jones (
oli@bombayplay.com
)