Javascript is disabled on your browser.
To view this site, you must enable JavaScript or upgrade to a JavaScript-capable browser.
Home
-
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
USER CONSENT
Spectrum Technologies, Inc. (hereafter referred to as “Spectrum”) takes your privacy very seriously. This page outlines our Privacy Policy. By visiting SpecMeters.com, SpecConnect.net, using Spectrum Technologies apps or applications, or utilizing the API’s (application programming interface) you accept and agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY SPECTRUM
To help provide you with the most efficient and enjoyable experience possible, Spectrum keeps the different types of information and data you provide, storing it within your profile for use in our “Digital Products and Services” including web portals, API’s (application programming interface), and apps or applications. Your information is typically broken into two classifications as defined below:
PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you create an Account we may ask you to provide first and last name, company name, username and password, e-mail, telephone number, mailing address, professional title and other personal information.
If you participate in our surveys, we may request additional information.
DATA ASSOCIATED WITH THE OPERATION OF EQUIPMENT AND APPLICATIONS (HEREAFTER REFERRED TO AS "DATA")
Standard information including the site that referred you to us, your browser type and version, your operating system, the various pages you visit while on our site, mobile apps, or API, your ISP and the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet as well as other information typically available during normal use of the web portal, mobile applications, and API.
Weather station, logger, meter, and other equipment configuration settings including the type of equipment and sensors being used as well as locations of equipment
Information collected from devices Spectrum offers for use or sale which automatically transmit sensor, environmental, and location data to Spectrum.
Information from one or more mobile applications or “Apps” (provided by Spectrum directly or made available through a partner “App Store”) which interact with measurement devices and/or directly capture time, location, and other data during equipment use.
Information retained on your behalf, such as sensor data, reports, analytics, statistics, documents, files, notes, comments and messages that you may create using your Account.
LOCATION OF INFORMATION AND DATA
The personal information and data collected may be processed in the country which it was collected or in other countries including, but not limited to, the United States. Laws regarding processing of personal data may vary by country.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your Personal Information will only be used by Spectrum to give you the best experience possible, improve product and service offerings, and to keep you informed of news and information about Spectrum Technologies, Inc. We will not sell, lease or provide your personal information to other companies or third parties without obtaining your consent.
USE AND OWNERSHIP OF DATA
Spectrum believes your Data belongs to you and therefore you may remove or copy this information from Spectrum’s Digital Products and Services at any time. Data may be used by Spectrum for the purpose of providing technical support or improving product and service performance and offering.
We reserve the right to create Anonymous Data by removing information which makes the data identifiable to you (such as customer name, email, or other information). This anonymous data may be utilized to study industry equipment usage patterns or perform analysis of environmental data in the aggregate. This anonymous data may also be made available to third parties for various purposes. You may opt-out of having your data included in the anonymous data by emailing info@specmeters.com . A response from Spectrum will be provided to confirm that your data will not be used to create Anonymous Data.
THIRD PARTY GUESTS
If you provide a third party or a third party uses your login credentials or API key, you are giving Spectrum permission to share personal information and data with this party and their agents. This data may include customer name, contact information, serial and model numbers of equipment owned, as well as the data produced by the equipment. Replacement credentials or API key may be requested by the customer to promote security of information and data. Spectrum is not responsible to verify that a third party has your permission to use your data.
DISTRIBUTORS
Services purchased from a Spectrum authorized Distributor will allow the distributor to access your Data unless you notify Spectrum of your desire to block their access. Spectrum still maintains access to the Data as described elsewhere in this document. If you desire to block your distributor from viewing your data please notify Spectrum at info@specmeters.com.
THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may share your Personal Information or Data with third party service providers for the purposes of providing technical support; and/or providing other services to Spectrum. These third party service providers are requested not to use your Personal Information or Data other than to provide the services requested by Spectrum.
AFFILIATES OR IN THE EVENT OF ACQUISITION
We may share your Personal Information or Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (hereafter referred to as “Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. If another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Information and Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information and Data as described in this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR DATA WHEN REQUIRED BY LAW
We reserve the right to disclose Personal Information and Data (1) as required in any legal proceeding; (2) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or court orders served on Spectrum or its affiliates; (3) to protect or defend the rights or property of Spectrum or users of the Services; or (4) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, or this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
SYSTEM AVAILABILITY AND DATA LOSS
Spectrum is committed to providing maximum up-time of our service as well as protecting your Data from accidental loss. We employ industry standard practices for collecting Data from devices and equipment in the field, maintaining this data on our servers, and creating routine backups. While Spectrum utilizes reasonable efforts to collect and maintain your Data, our services may experience maintenance periods and unintended outages which may impact our ability to collect, store and make available your Data. No method of collection, storage or backup of Data is 100% reliable and therefore we cannot guarantee absolute availability of all of your Data. We recommend you create additional backup copies of your Data regularly.
Information and data provided through Spectrum’s Digital Products and Services are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied. In no event shall Spectrum or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages (including lost profits or revenues, interruption of business, costs of replacement goods, loss or damage arising out of the use or inability to use this site or any Spectrum product or service, damages resulting from use of or reliance on the information present, even if Spectrum or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
INFORMATION SECURITY
Spectrum works to ensure the security of your Personal Information and Data. We employ industry standard practices for safeguarding your Personal Information and Data from unauthorized access and disclosure. Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) encryption is utilized by the Spectrum anywhere data can be accessed through the web. While Spectrum uses this and other efforts to protect your Personal Information and Data, no method of data storage or information transfer over the internet is 100% secure and therefore we cannot guarantee absolute security of your Personal Information and Data.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Spectrum’s Digital Products and Services are not meant for use by minors under the age of 18. Spectrum Technologies, Inc. does not intentionally collect data from visitors under the age of 18.
MISUSE OF DIGITAL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
By using Spectrum’s Digital Products and Services you agree that you will not use these products and services in an unlawful or permitted manner or for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by law, this or another Privacy Policy and/or other Terms of Use. You represent and warrant to Spectrum that you have all necessary rights and permission to use the Data supplied to Spectrum. You will be responsible for any costs incurred by Spectrum as a result of your misuse which includes, but is not limited to:
Accessing the Digital Products and Services fraudulently, without authorization, or in any way without a paid and current subscription
Using the Digital Products and Services in such a manner so as to interfere unreasonably with its use by others; or attempting or assisting another to access, alter, or interfere with the communications and/or information of another user;
Using any information, images or other materials available through the Spectrum’s Digital Products and Services in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other proprietary right of any party.
Violating any code of conduct associated with the Site, or any applicable laws or regulations;
Taking any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Digital Product and Services infrastructure; or uploading files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, or other similar software or programs that cause damage to computers or property of others.
Any attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble Spectrum software materials.
TERMINATION OF SERVICE
You may terminate your service at any time by emailing info@specmeters.com. Spectrum reserves the right to terminate your service if it is found that you have in any way violated this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use agreement or the subscription to Digital Products and Services have lapsed and not been properly renewed. At the time of termination we will terminate all access to your account. Spectrum may retain your Personal Information and Data unless you specifically ask for this information to be removed by emailing info@specmeters.com. While this data will be removed from production servers and databases, the Personal Information and Data may remain in backups and archives. Spectrum retains the right to continue to use any aggregated or Anonymous Data derived from your Data following any termination.
RETENTION OF INFORMATION
Spectrum Technologies will maintain and make accessible the data produced by equipment with active and current subscriptions for a period of three (3) years. After this time period, the data may be archived or purged such that it is no longer accessible to you. Data may be backed up by you at any time prior to the archiving or purging of this data.
CONDITIONS OF USE, NOTICES AND REVISIONS
When you utilize Spectrum Technologies Digital Products and Services your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Illinois. Since offerings and technologies change, we reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. We will notify our customers of any changes. It is your responsibility to periodically review our Privacy Policy for changes.