Avenge Media LLC Mobile Application Privacy Policy
Avenge Media LLC
("
Avenge Media LLC
", "
we
", "
our
" or "
us
") respects your privacy and
    understands that it is important to you. We created this Privacy Policy to
    explain the types of information we collect through the Kalium and Natrium mobile
    applications released by us (the "
App
"), how we will use,
    disclose and protect this information once it is collected, and how you can
    opt in or opt out of some of our uses and disclosures of certain
    information relating to your use of the App.
THE APP IS OWNED, OPERATED AND RELEASED BY AVENGE MEDIA LLC ONLY. AVENGE MEDIA LLC
    IS INDEPENDENT OF, AND OPERATES SEPARATELY FROM, ANY SOFTWARE WALLET THAT
IS NOT RELEASED BY AVENGE MEDIA LLC (COLLECTIVELY, "
SEPARATE TECHNOLOGIES
"). FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, AVENGE MEDIA LLC DOES NOT OWN, DEVELOP, OPERATE, MAINTAIN OR SUPPORT ANY OF
    THE SEPARATE TECHNOLOGIES.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and
    practices regarding information that we collect through the App about you
    and your use of the App and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with
    these policies and practices, do not download or use the App.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, in which case we will
post the updated Privacy Policy at
https://bananocoin.github.io/kalium/privacy.html
. The date on which
    this Privacy Policy has most recently been updated is indicated at the end
    of this Privacy Policy. In some cases, we may also tell you about changes
    by additional means, such as by informing you through an alert on the App.
    Your continued use of the App after we make changes will be deemed to be
    your acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy
    periodically for updates.
What This Privacy Policy Applies To
This Privacy Policy applies only to the App and information that we collect
    through the App. This Privacy Policy DOES NOT, for example, apply to
    information that:
● We collect outside of the App, including, without limitation, on or
    through any other Avenge Media LLC apps or any Avenge Media LLC
    websites (including, without limitation, websites you may access through
    the App), through our social media pages or other presences on third-party
    websites, over the phone, by mail or in person; or
● You provide to, or is collected by, any third party.
Our other apps and websites, and third parties, may have their own privacy
    policies, which we encourage you to read before using or providing
    information on, through or to them. For example, when you use the App on
    your device, certain third parties, such as your mobile device manufacturer
    or your mobile service provider may, separate from us, use automatic
    information collection technologies to collect information about you or
    your device, and that information they collect is not covered by this
    Privacy Policy.
We do not control these third parties’ data collection or tracking
            technologies or how they may be used.
Children Under the Age of 13
The App is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not
    knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn
    we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13
    without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
    If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under
    13, please contact us at
avengemediallc@gmail.com
.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We may collect information from and about users of the App:
● Directly from you when you provide it to us in connection with the App;
    and
● Automatically when you use the App.
In general, you should be aware of the following Avenge Media LLC
    practices:
● The information we collect from you will be transmitted to us and will be
    processed in the United States. Except to the extent otherwise required by
    conflicting non-U.S. privacy laws, such information will be protected by
    United States laws, which may not be as protective as the laws in your
    country. The United States, European Economic Area Member States, and other
    countries all have different laws. When your information is moved from your
    home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your
    personal information in the country to which your information is
    transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live.
    For example, the circumstances in which law enforcement can access personal
    information may vary from country to country. In particular, if your
    information is in the United States, it may be accessed by government
    authorities in accordance with the laws of the United States and its
    states.
Automatic Information Collection
When you download, access or use the App, we may automatically collect the
    following types of information about you and your use of the App:
●
Device Information.
We may collect and otherwise process information about your mobile device and internet connection on which and through which you use the App, including the device’s unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, and mobile network information. We collect and otherwise process your device’s unique device identifier solely as necessary for the legitimate interest of recording your agreement to this Privacy Policy for the App and collect and otherwise process your device’s IP address solely as necessary for the legitimate interest of providing, operating, maintaining and developing the App. If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained above, you may have the right under certain laws and regulations to object to such processing and may contact us to inform us of your objection via email at
avengemediallc@gmail.com
.
Clarifications Regarding Certain Information We Do Not Collect or
            See
● A "
Wallet Seed
" is a unique code that is provided to you
    by the App, through its direct interaction with the Nano/Banano block lattice
    network (i.e., without our involvement), when you first create a new wallet
    on the Nano/Banano block lattice network (a "
Wallet
") using the
    App. Your Wallet Seed is the only way for you to recover your Wallet on the
    Nano/Banano block lattice network and access any Nano/Banano currency that you store in
    your Wallet. Your Wallet Seed is stored on your device and is never sent to
    us. Therefore, you are solely responsible for the security and safeguarding
    your Wallet Seed. We do not record, store or have access to your Wallet
    Seed and we cannot recover it for you if you lose it.
● Any Banano/Nano currency that you choose to hold, store, manage, receive, send
    or transmit using the App, and any balance or transaction information
    relating to it, are never held, stored, known, managed, received, sent or
    transmitted by Avenge Media LLC. You are solely responsible for the
    security and privacy of your own Nano currency and information relating to
    it.
● We do not track the location of your device through the App.
● We do not collect your name or contact information through the App.
● We do not retain copies of your transaction history, so if you delete the
    App your transaction history will be permanently lost.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information that we collect about you through the App to:
● Provide you with, operate and maintain the App and its contents, and any
    other information, products or services that you request from us;
● Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
● Recognize your device when you use the App.
Disclosure of Your Information
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may
    disclose aggregated anonymous information about our users, and information
    that does not identify any individual or device or account, to others, for
    their own use, without restriction.
In addition, we may disclose information (including, without limitation,
    personal information) that we collect or you provide to us:
● To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture,
    restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of
    some or all of Avenge Media LLC’s assets, whether as a going concern or
    as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal
    information held by Avenge Media LLC about the App users is among the
    assets transferred;
● To fulfill the purpose(s) for which you provide it;
● For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
● With your consent;
● To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to
    respond to any government or regulatory request;
● If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the
    rights, property or safety of Avenge Media LLC, our customers or others
    (which includes exchanging information with other companies and
    organizations for the purposes of fraud protection).
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information
    from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and
    disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet
    and mobile platforms is not completely secure. While we endeavor to protect
    your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your
    personal information transmitted or collected through the App. Any
    transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not
    responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures
    we provide and will not have any liability for disclosure of your personal
    information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or
    after transmission or collection.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where the
    App has given you a Wallet Seed, you are solely responsible
    for keeping this Wallet Seed confidential, as it can be used to access your
    Wallet and any Banano/Nano currency you store in your Wallet. You should not share
    your Wallet Seed with anyone. We do not receive, collect, record, store or
    have access to your Wallet Seed and we cannot recover them for you if you
    lose them.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this
Privacy
Policy
or our privacy practices, you can contact us via
    email at
avengemediallc@gmail.com
Effective Date: January 31st, 2019