tint PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us. It is Lykkegaard Europe Ltd.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you via our app, tint., and its associated services.
1. Information we collect
Business data
We will not automatically collect or store any personal data on players of 'tint.' at any time
Only cases where we can we ask you to collect or use your information are:
it’s necessary for the performance of technical support which you direcly request (for example, when we provide a email support on cases you request from us);
you give us consent to do so for a specific purpose (for example, you might consent to us sending you our push notification for new game updates); or
we need to send game progress to Apple iCloud save game or Gamecenter achievements
You manually opt-in to level data analytics to
help
us improve
level
balancing, if you choose to opt-in the analytics data sent to us is not in any
way connected to your personal
identifying
information.
Where you consent to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time (but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place)
We don’t keep personal information for longer than is necessary. While we retain this information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure and cannot guarantee absolute data security. If necessary, we may retain your personal information for our compliance with a legal obligation or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2. Collection and use of information
We may collect, hold, use and disclose information for the following purposes and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes:
None
3. International transfers of personal information
The personal information we collect is stored and processed where we or our partners, affiliates and third-party providers maintain facilities. By providing us with your personal information, you consent to the disclosure to these overseas third parties.
We will ensure that any transfer of personal information from countries in the European Economic Area (EEA) to countries outside the EEA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, for example by using standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission, or the use of binding corporate rules or other legally accepted means.
Where we transfer personal information from a non-EEA country to another country, you acknowledge that third parties in other jurisdictions may not be subject to similar data protection laws to the ones in our jurisdiction. There are risks if any such third party engages in any act or practice that would contravene the data privacy laws in our jurisdiction and this might mean that you will not be able to seek redress under our jurisdiction’s privacy laws.
4. Your rights and controlling your personal information
Choice and consent:
By providing personal information to us, you consent to us collecting, holding, using and disclosing your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you are under 16 years of age, you must have, and warrant to the extent permitted by law to us, that you have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to access and use the app and they (your parents or guardian) have consented to you providing us with your personal information. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of our app or the products and/or services offered on or through it.
Information from third parties:
If we receive personal information about you from a third party, we will protect it as set out in this privacy policy. If you are a third party providing personal information about somebody else, you represent and warrant that you have such person’s consent to provide the personal information to us.
Restrict:
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us using the details below. If you ask us to restrict or limit how we process your personal information, we will let you know how the restriction affects your use of our app or products and services.
Access and data portability:
You may request details of the personal information that we hold about you. You may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Where possible, we will provide this information in CSV format or other easily readable machine format. You may request that we erase the personal information we hold about you at any time. You may also request that we transfer this personal information to another third party.
Correction:
If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please contact us using the details below. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or out of date
Notification of data breaches:
We will comply laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach.
Complaints:
If you believe that we have breached a relevant data protection law and wish to make a complaint, please contact us using the details below and provide us with full details of the alleged breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take to deal with your complaint. You also have the right to contact a regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to your complaint.
Unsubscribe:
To remove push notifications or opt-out of communications (including marketing communications), please turn off push notifications from our game in your device settings
5. Business transfers
If we or our assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, we would include data among the assets transferred to any parties who acquire us. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may continue to use your personal information according to this policy.
6. Limits of our policy
Our game links to external sites such as our website. Please be aware that these sites have their respective privacy practices.
7. Changes to this policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect current acceptable practices. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our app or app delivery service. Your continued use of our app after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
If we make a significant change to this privacy policy, for example changing a lawful basis on which we process your personal information, we will ask you to re-consent to the amended privacy policy.
Lykkegaard Europe Ltd. Data Controller
privacy@lykkestudios.com
Back to
Follow our Social Media