Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
iArtbook Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy governs your use of the mobile application "iArtbook", for mobile devices, created by me, Alexander Kondrashov.
Everywhere below in the text "I" is meant "Alexander Kondrashov".
Everywhere below in the text "App" is meant "iArtbook".
2. Providing - You control it
App can be used to show and edit your images or videos, if you allow application access to your images library.
App does NOT use your images or videos for other purposes.
App does NOT collect or share any personal data, so your personal data is NOT saved on any servers, NOT sent anywhere.
3. Location information
App does NOT collect any location information for your mobile device.
Third-party advertising modules inside App may collect your
location
for ad
vertising
purposes
4. Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
App does NOT collect any your personal data and does not send it anywhere. App can show you advertising. Third-party advertising modules inside App may collect your device identifier and other ads usage statistics for advertisement purposes
5. Opt-out rights
Users of this app have the following opt-out option:
You can change App's access to your images library at any time - from
Setting/Privacy
on your device.
You can use standard uninstalling processes that can be offered as part of your mobile device, to uninstall App.
6. Ads
App does use third party advertisement-showing services that may collect information used to identify you.
7. Can I change this security and discretionary document?
This security and privacy document supports and provides what happens to your personal information. But since I systematically update and revise this mobile app, it's possible to develop and change how I use your data. I will immediately inform you of any change, with a link to this Privacy Policy of your data on this site. I can modify this document and therefore inform you to go back to this page, giving you the opportunity to check the privacy of App.
8. Agreement
By using App, you agree to this privacy policy.
9. Contacts
If you have any questions, you can contact me through this email address: alexanderkondrashov.apps@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it