Impersonation Mode Active
Kube User:
Unknown
Kube User ID:
Unknown
End Session
Shop By Room
Living Room
Kitchen
Bedroom
Dining Room
Home Office
Garden
Laundry
Bathroom
Home Gym
Occasions & Themes
Winter Essentials
Unbelievable Value
As Seen on Social Media
New Home
Wedding
Fresh Cut Flowers
Mother's Day
Holiday Shop
Divante
Experience Days
Garden Maintenance
Food & Drinks
New In
Best Sellers
Offers
Furniture Offers
Garden Furniture Offers
Home Furnishings Offers
Lighting Offers
Garden Offers
Cooking & Dining Offers
DIY & Decorating Offers
Heating, Fans & Dehumidifiers Offers
Household Offers
Bathroom Offers
Storage Offers
Sports, Leisure & Clothing Offers
Motoring Offers
Nursery Offers
Arts & Crafts Offers
Stationery Offers
Toys Offers
Health & Beauty Offers
Christmas Offers
Furniture & Storage
Bedroom Furniture
New In: Furniture
Sofas & Chairs
Beds & Mattresses
Living Room Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Kids Furniture
Office Furniture
Furniture Collections
Free Delivery Furniture
Garden Storage
Storage Boxes & Crates
Storage Units
Shelves & Racks
Storage Chests
Office Storage
New In: Storage
Home Furnishings & Lighting
Home Decor Trends
Lanterns
Mirrors
Curtains, Blinds, Poles & Accessories
Picture Frames & Wall Art
Vases & Artificial Plants
Rugs & Mats
Cushions & Throws
Bedding
Clocks
Candles & Home Fragrances
Ornaments, Sculptures and Figurines
Floor Lamps
Table Lamps
Ceiling Lights
Touch Lamps
Chandeliers
Desk Lamps
Wall Lights
LED Lighting
Smart Lighting
Light Bulbs
Lighting Accessories & Fittings
Childrens Lighting
Cooking, Dining & Household
Baking
Cookware
Tableware & Dinnerware
Food Preparation & Utensils
Kitchen Accessories
Kitchen Appliances
Glassware
Table Linen & Accessories
Outdoor Dining
New In: Cooking & Dining
Cleaning
Washing Up
Laundry
Ironing
Waste Bins
Storage
Vacuums & Steam Cleaners
Mats
New In: Household
Household Brands
Garden & Outdoor Living
Garden Furniture
Gazebos, Parasols & Awnings
Barbecues & Accessories
Fire Pits, Chimeneas & Outdoor Heating
Outdoor Lighting
Outdoor Dining
Pools & Hot Tubs
Garden Structures
Outdoor Living Collections
New In: Outdoor Living
Fencing & Landscaping
Sheds & Garden Structures
Garden Water Features & Ponds
Garden Machinery & Power Tools
Seeds, Bulbs & Propagation
Outdoor Plants & Trees
Pots, Planters & Flower Beds
Garden Ornaments & Decoration
Garden Tools & Gardening Equipment
Wild Bird Care
Hoses, Irrigation & Watering
Pest Control & Weed Killer
Decorating & DIY
Wallpaper & Accessories
Paint & Painting Accessories
Tiles
Adhesives & Fillers
Sanding & Stripping
Ladders & Steps
Kitchen Splashback
Sticky Back Plastic & Window Adhesives
Fans & Dehumidifiers
Heating
Flooring
Power Tools
Hand Tools
Tool Storage
Safety Alarms & Security
Building Equipment & Materials
Electrical Accessories
Doors & Door Fittings
Hardware & Accessories
Motoring
Pets & Leisure
Pet Food & Treats
Dogs
Cats
Puppy
Kittens
Small Pets
Fish
Reptiles
Birds
Pet Home Cleaning
Pet Grooming
Pet Medicine
Camping
Beach
Sport
Fishing
Hiking
Travel
New In: Leisure
Stationery, Arts & Crafts
New In: Stationery
Office Supplies
Pens & Pencils
Stationery Collections
Notebooks & Organisers
Children's Stationery
Party Supplies
Shredders & Laminators
Office Organisation
Calendars & Diaries
Packaging & Mailing
New In: Arts & Crafts
Kids Arts & Craft
Papercraft
Craft Supplies
Art Supplies
Create Your Own
Sewing & Haberdashery
Die Cutting
Bathroom, Tech & Appliances
Televisions, Projectors & Projector Screens
Smart Home Technology
Tablets, Notebooks & Laptops
Gadgets
Phone & Tablet Accessories
Batteries
Music & Audio
Chargers & Cables
Extension Leads & Towers
Computer & Gaming
Appliances
New In: Technology & Appliances
Baths & Showers
Fixtures & Fittings
Bathroom Furniture
Bathroom Accessories
Towels & Mats
Bathroom Mirrors
Bathroom Heating
Bathroom Lights
Basins & Toilets
New In: Bathroom
Clothing, Health & Beauty
Winter Clothing
Womens Clothing
Mens Clothing
Kids Clothing
Footwear
Accessories
New In: Clothing
Fragrances & Gifting
Health & Wellbeing
Make Up
Personal Grooming
Hair Care
Skin Care
Beauty Electricals
Bath, Shower & Soap
Kids & Baby
Male Grooming
Mobility Aids & Independent Living
Baby, Kids & Toys
Outdoor Play Equipment
Paddling Pools & Inflatables
Playsets & Toy Figures
Puzzles, Board & Card Games
Nerf, Blasters & Launchers
Cars, Boats, Planes & Trains
Electric & Interactive Toys
Soft Toys & Dolls
Animals
Books
Brand
Prams & Pushchairs
Car Seats & Carriers
Nursery Furniture
Bathing & Changing
Baby Feeding
Nursery Bedding
Safety & Healthcare
Baby Playtime
Best Sellers
Go!
FREE DELIVERY ON ORDERS OVER £59*
ON ELIGIBLE ITEMS
ON ELIGIBLE ITEMS
All OF OUR 260 STORES ARE OPEN
Find your nearest store
FREE CLICK & COLLECT
IN 238 STORES
Free Returns To Store*
Peace Of Mind Guaranteed
Please enter your email address.
Continue
Continue
Your password is between 6-12 characters long and contains at least 1 number.
Continue
Forgot Your Password?
Please enter your email address.
Continue
Your password is between 6-12 characters long and contains at least 1 number.
Continue
Forgot Your Password?
Select your store for Click & Collect*
Find your nearest store
Use my location
Stores offering Click & Collect
Select this store
Change postcode
Not in
the UK
?
Change Country
Update
Some of your items are unable to be delivered to all countries.
Unfortunately, collection is not available in all countries.
Contents
Purpose of this Privacy Notice
Who are we?
Who does this Privacy Notice apply to?
What is personal data?
What is our lawful basis for processing your personal data?
When do we collect your personal data?
Who do we share your personal data with?
How do we protect your personal data?
How long do we keep your personal data for?
What are your rights?
How to contact us
How to contact the supervisory authority
Cookies
Changes to our Privacy Notice
Purpose of this Privacy Notice
The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to inform you when we collect your personal data, how we use your personal data and your rights relating to your personal data.
Who are we?
CDS (Superstores International) Ltd T/A The Range and wilko is a limited company registered in England and Wales. The Range is the data controller for personal data collected and processed through our family of businesses, including The Range (Ireland) Ltd.
Company Registration Number: 02699203
Registered Office: 15 William Prance Road, Plymouth, PL6 5ZD
Who does this Privacy Notice apply to?
This Privacy Notice applies to all users of any of our services where we may process your personal data, including when using our website or app, interacting with our social media accounts, contacting us via email, letter or telephone, entering our competitions, visiting our stores or making purchases instore and online.
What is personal data?
Personal data is any information that can be used to identify a living individual, directly or indirectly. This includes information such as your name, contact details, home address, browsing history, telephone call recordings, CCTV footage and payment information.
Data protection law helps protect your personal data, including the UK Data Protection Act 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018, the UK General Protection Regulation and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003.
What is our lawful basis for processing your personal data?
The Range will only process your personal data where we have a lawful basis for doing so. The type of lawful basis may change depending on the purpose the personal data is being processed for. These lawful bases include:
Consent
– you provide us with consent to process your personal data for a specific purpose, such as consenting to receive marketing communications.
Contract
– the processing is necessary for us to fulfil a contract between you and The Range, such as collecting your delivery address when you place an online order so that we can send you your goods and fulfil the contract of sale.
Legal obligation
– the processing is necessary for us to comply with the law, such as sharing personal data with HMRC.
Legitimate interest
– the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, such as monitoring website payments to help identify and protect us from fraudulent activity.
Vital interests
– the processing is necessary to protect the life of an individual, such as sharing information with the police in an emergency situation.
When do we collect your personal data?
We may collect different types of your personal data at different times, depending on the nature of your interaction with us and our reason for processing your personal data.
When we may collect your personal data
The types of personal data we may collect
Setting up an online account on The Range
Name, Date of Birth, Email Address, Telephone Number, Delivery Address
Using our website or app
Cookie Preferences, Browsing History, Preferred Store
Entering a prize draw or competition
Name, Contact Details
Making an online purchase or return
Name, Delivery Address, Billing Address, Telephone Number, Payment Information
Making an instore purchase or return
Payment Information, Address
Contacting our Customer Care team
Name, Email Address, Telephone Number
Subscribing to marketing
Email Address, Telephone Number
Visiting one of our stores
CCTV Footage
Registering your vehicle for additional free parking at one of our stores
Name, Registration Details
Leaving product reviews
Name, Contact Details
Interacting with our Social Media pages
Social Media Handle, Name
If you have an accident instore
Name, Home Address, Telephone Number, Accident Details, CCTV Footage
If you commit a crime in one of our stores
Name, Address, CCTV Footage
Facial Recognition trial
We are currently trialling the use of facial recognition technology in a select number of stores. Our primary aim for trialling this technology is to enhance the safety and security of our colleagues and customers and reduce the level of crime within The Range stores by:
reducing workplace violence;
reducing incidents of threatening behaviour, discrimination and harassment against both against customers and colleagues;
increasing the safety and wellbeing of customers and colleagues;
improving the accuracy and frequency of incident reporting; and
reducing incidents of theft.
The facial recognition system scans every face that visits a trial store and makes a comparison against a Person of Interest (POI) Watchlist. The system instantly deletes these scanned images where no match is found. The system does not store these images, and they cannot be retrieved or reverse engineered. Only those who have committed criminal activity (i.e. physical violence, threats of violence, theft, fraud, property damage) in a Range store will be added to the POI Watchlist.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We only share your personal data where there is a need to do so, for example so your goods can be delivered by a courier.
When we do share your personal data, we will only share the minimum amount of personal data required for that purpose and we will ensure that the third-party is either legally or contractually committed to confidentiality.
If we ever need to transfer your personal data outside of the UK, we will put appropriate safeguards in place to ensure that your personal data is protected to the same level as it is in the UK.
Our family of businesses
We may share your personal data within our family of businesses, including The Range, The Range (Ireland) Ltd and wilko.
The Range marketplace
If you place an order on The Range marketplace from one of our partners, your purchase details will be shared with this marketplace partner. Any communications you have with our Customer Care team about your order will also be shared with the marketplace partner to help resolve any issues you may have.
Couriers and logistics
If you place an order for home delivery, we will share your details including your name, email address, telephone number and delivery address with our logistics partners and couriers so that your order can be delivered and you can be kept updated on your delivery,
Auditors, insurers and legal advisors
We will share personal data with our auditors, insurers and legal advisors where required, for instance to help us defend or pursue legal claims.
Law enforcement, government agencies and public bodies
We may share personal data with law enforcement, government agencies and public bodies where required to meet our legal obligations.
Crime prevention and detection agencies
We share data with fraud prevention agencies, debt recovery agencies and crime solution organisations such as NBCS to help us identify and deal with criminal activity.
Suppliers and manufacturers
We may share your personal data with our suppliers or manufacturers if it is required, for instance if you are reporting a fault with a product.
Third-party service providers
We share personal data with various third-party service providers who perform functions on our behalf and help provide additional services, such as Microsoft who provide IT services and Zendesk who help us manage customer contact.
Advertising and marketing agencies
We may share your personal data with advertising and marketing agencies when you consent to marketing cookies or consent to receive marketing communications, who help provide personalised advertising and send marketing communications on our behalf.
Payment providers
If you use a payment provider such as Klarna, Paypal or Clearpay, we will share your purchase details with them.
Finance providers
If you make a purchase using finance through our finance provider Novuna, we will share your purchase details with them.
Jonas and James kitchens
If you purchase a Jonas and James kitchen from The Range, we may need to share your personal data with our kitchen manufacturer TKC and suppliers such as Hoover or Candy so that we can provide you with a bespoke kitchen that matches your requirements.
Rug Doctor
If you hire a Rug Doctor from one of our stores, your details will be shared with Rug Doctor to help them manage and track their machines.
Customer feedback agencies
If you make a purchase from our website we may share your details with customer feedback agencies such as Trustpilot so that we can gather customer reviews.
Parking companies
If you register your vehicle in our store to receive additional free parking, we will share your registration details with the relevant parking company to prevent you from receiving a Parking Charge Notice (PCN).
How do we protect your personal data?
We take keeping your personal data safe seriously, and we take all appropriate organisational and technical measures to keep your data secure and prevent unauthorised or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, access or disclosure.
We have both physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place at all stages of processing your data, from when we collect the personal data to when we delete it.
These measures include only collecting the minimum amount of personal data required, encrypting personal data when we store it, requiring a password to access any personal data and securely deleting personal data as soon as it is no longer required. We also use strong firewalls and carry out system monitoring and penetration testing to help keep your data secure.
How long do we keep your personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary, taking into consideration the purpose it was collected for and any applicable legal or regulatory obligations. This means that different types of personal data will be retained for different periods of time.
When we are no longer required to keep your personal data it will either be securely deleted, or your personal data removed so that the data is anonymous.
What are your rights?
You have several rights when it comes to your personal data under data protection law, including:
The right to be informed
– you have the right to be informed when your data is collected and how it is used.
The right to access
– you have the right to request copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification
– you have the right to request we correct any incorrect any incorrect personal data or complete any incomplete personal data.
The right to erasure
– you have the right to request we erase your personal data in certain circumstances.
The right to restrict
– you have the right to request we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
The right to object
– you have the right to object to your personal data being used in certain circumstances.
The right to data portability
– you have the right to request we transfer the personal data we hold on you to either yourself or another organisation in certain circumstances.
The right to human intervention
– you have the right to human intervention where automated decision making or profiling is used in certain circumstances.
If you make a request relating to your rights this request is usually free, though we may charge a fee or refuse a request if it is repetitive, unfounded or excessive.
We will usually fulfil your request within one calendar month though if the request is complex we may need a little longer, but we will always contact you within one month to let you know when you will receive a response. We may also ask you to confirm your identity or provide further information before we are able to fulfil the request.
If you wish to make a request regarding any of your rights, you can do so by contacting our Data Protection Officer using the contact details below.
How to contact us
If you would like to get in touch with us regarding your personal data or anything mentioned above, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the contact details below:
Email: dpo@therange.co.uk
Post: Data Protection Officer, The Range Head Office, 15 William Prance Road, Plymouth, PL6 5ZD
How to contact the supervisory authority
If you have any concerns about how your personal data has been handled you have the right to complain to the supervisory authority. Please visit the website of the relevant supervisory authority to find out more information:
UK – Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO): www.ico.org.uk
ROI – Data Protection Commissioner (DPC): www.dataprotection.ie
Cookies
If you would like to learn more about the cookies we use on our website or update your cookie preferences, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
Our Privacy Notice is routinely reviewed and updated when necessary. Please check regularly for any changes.
Last updated November 2024.
Feedback
How would you rate your experience?
Not good at all
Very good
Next
Skip
Welcome to The Range
By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts
Cookie Policy
Accept All
Manage/Reject Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label