Headphones & Speaker Connect
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Headphones & Speaker Connect Products and Services
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. We want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. The information you provide is safeguarded. This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Headphones & Speaker Connect would like to provide you with information about the processing of your personal data for the use of the services provided to you as a result of your use of the Headphones & Speaker Connect applications and website (hereinafter: “the Service”).
By your use of Headphones & Speaker Connect Services, including the use of our website and (mobile phone) applications (our “Site” and “Applications”), you consent to the processing of your personal data, if any, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Please review the below information. By entering our website or registering for and/or using our products and services you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and authorize Headphones & Speaker Connect to disclose the information as described below.
Using a microphone and accessing audio/video files
We need permission to record audio from your device in order to save the recordings you have created and play them through headphones. We do not collect any of your personal information because we respect your privacy.
                    We need access to the files to play the music content you have selected.
Collection and use of information
When you register with us and use the Application and our web-site, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, phone number, state and zip code, location, age, model of your mobile phone and OS version, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application. Headphones & Speaker Connect uses the information we collect to provide you with our products and services and to respond to your questions. We also use the information for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements, and to customize the content and layout of Headphones & Speaker Connect web-site and application. We also use the information we collect for statistical analysis of users' behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to ensure our products and services remain functioning and secure. Individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to Headphones & Speaker Connect may be added to Headphones & Speaker Connect databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection
                    technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type; The Website may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. Headphones & Speaker Connect uses cookies to track user traffic patterns. Information Headphones & Speaker Connect gathers through aggregated tracking is used to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. We collect this information in order to determine how to create the best experience for our customers. We may track search terms entered in our Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users, but this tracking is never associated with an individual user. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser.
We collect personal data during the procedure of installing applications and configuring your profile using Headphones & Speaker Connect. Subsequently, we process (technical) information about your device that is necessary to optimize the sound in order to provide you with a Service.
If your communication requests a response from us, we may send you a response via e-mail. The e-mail response or confirmation may include your personal information, including your name, address, etc. We cannot guarantee that our e-mails to you will be secure from unauthorized interception.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Providing information to third parties
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement;
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below.
Access and correction of information
You may contact us if you wish to view, edit, or delete your personal information from our database, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate your request. You may also contact us if you believe that any inaccurate or inappropriate information has been obtained or provided to others through your use of this Website.
Links to other sites and services
The Headphones & Speaker Connect Websites may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These Websites have their own policies regarding privacy. You should review those policies when visiting the Websites. Headphones & Speaker Connect has no responsibility for linked websites and is not responsible for the content of any such site. Headphones & Speaker Connect provides these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Security
Headphones & Speaker Connect operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at
                    your own risk.
Full agreement
The Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Headphones & Speaker Connect with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website and application.
Policy amendment
Headphones & Speaker Connect approaches Internet communications with a strong commitment to individual privacy rights and concerns. As the Internet evolves, our policy will continue to change and develop. We therefore reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time with or without prior notice. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the sites following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Collection of personal data from children
To the extent Prtralex is able to determine the age of users by their submissions to or
                    communications with Headphones & Speaker Connect Website, Headphones & Speaker Connect will not knowingly (i) collect or post information from individuals under the age of 13 ("children") without their parent's or guardian's consent, or (ii) provide any personally identifying information collected from children, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. No information collected through Headphones & Speaker Connect website from users self-identified as children will knowingly be used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Headphones & Speaker Connect.
Shelf life of personal data
We keep your personal data for as long as we provide the Services to you.
Contacts
If you have questions about the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy or your experience with any of our sites, please contact us.