Privacy Policy
The purpose of StopotS policy is to respect your privacy concerning any information we may collect during the game. Consequently, we have developed this Privacy    Policy to ensure that you know how we handle data.
In this Privacy Policy, "data" means any element that may identify you (alone or in combination with other data), such as your name, profile image, and data for 
analysis and attribution to the use of the services.
1. Data collection
We may collect data through a third-party account such as Facebook, Twitter, and Google+. We exclusively collect your name, User ID, and photo link. If you do not
authorize such data collection, please do not log in with a social network.
Data we may collect when you use our service anonymously or when you are linked to a third party log-in:
Data about your location, device type, operating system and platform, page load time, network, unique browser id, demographics, the reference source and the IP address;
How often do you visit our Services, day, time, and how much time you spend using the Services;
Profile picture link, social network unique id, a chosen nickname and room number you have played;
Text and word interactions in the game;
Custom rooms and themes.
2. Use of data
To improve our Services;
To ensure you comply with our terms;
To enhance the Services for analysis and reporting purposes, and to provide technical support or answer your questions, including the data used to record any  failures in our Service's provision. Therefore, we can report such interruptions;
To provide contextual advertisements that are of interest to you.
3. Legal bases
We consider the following legal bases for data processing:
When the use of your data is required to execute our obligations under a contract with you. (e.g., to comply with our Service Terms);
When the use of your data is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others;
When the use of your information is needed to comply with legal obligations or exercise rights.
4. About the data processing
The data we collect from you may be transferred and stored outside the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (EEA), such as the USA. This transfer is required to host the Services, provide other supporting services, and allow you to use our Services deliberately.
We use third parties to help us manage your information and services, customer service providers to host the game and database, and marketing companies to manage the advertising that appears to you.
We may share non-personal information with third parties, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic data, and Usage Information. We may remove data elements, such as an e-mail address or other log-in information as previously defined, and summarize or aggregate the remaining information to analyze web traffic trends, preferences, and activity across the Service. The resulting operational data is no longer considered Personal Information.
These are the companies that process data on our behalf, but cannot use them for their independent purposes:
Google Ad Manager
Google Analytics
Firebase by Google
Admob
Appnexus
Cloudflare
Digital Ocean
Freestar
Magnite
MediaNET
Openx
Smaato
Sonobi
Sovrn
YieldMO
5. Data for Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements and provide collected data to help implement ads when you visit or use our Services. We also use analytical web tools such as Google Analytics and Firebase to interpret your use of our Services.
6. Personalized Advertising
You may be able to opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from other companies that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or that are subscribed to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. For more information about this practice and to
understand your options, please visit:
http://www.aboutads.info;
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/;
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu;
https://adssettings.google.com.br/authenticated.
A third-party company generates these deactivation tools. We do not operate or control them.
7. Use of Cookies
We may use "cookies" to improve the user experience. Your web browser is responsible for controlling and sharing your information through cookies.
These cookies enable us to hold session information as you navigate our Service, improve your experience, and track and analyze usage and other statistical
information.
Here are some examples of ways we can use cookies when is strictly necessary:
Keep you logged in while you are visiting;
Allow you to navigate on our Services freely;
Show you relevant ads using your interests as a base.
Users can change their web browser settings to refuse or warn them when Cookies are being used or sent. If you had done it, you may observe some malfunction on some parts of the website. Moreover, if you want to know how ads companies use websites or apps information for a specific aim, we ask you to visit the companies' weblinks mentioned above.
Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in specific web browsers.  Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
8. Storage
We will keep the data only as long as it is relevant and valuable for its originally collected purpose and otherwise as required by law.
9. Data protection
We are committed to the safety of your information. Here are some measures we take to improve it:
Cryptography on our server communication, including your data;
Highly safe server access architecture;
Internal Policy of restricting access to the server's data.
Although we strive to protect your data and privacy, no security method or firewall can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Consequently, we expressly disclaim responsibility and liability for the loss, theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your data.
10. Legal Disclosure
We may transfer and disclose information, including your Data, Usage Information, and Device Identifier, to third parties to comply with certain legal obligations when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; which may include, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify, enforce or applicable terms or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of StopotS, our customers or others.
11.  Other provisions
Our services are not explicitly aimed at children. If you are a user under 13 and using a third-party account (Facebook / Google or Twitter), your parents must allow you to use your photo or name and, if applicable, use our services.
Please contact us at team@gartic.com when you have questions about these privacy policies or request a copy and removal of certain information we hold about you.
Your request and choices may be limited in some instances. For example, fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person or ask to delete information that we are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.
California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. We do not “sell” personal information as such term is defined by the CCPA, nor do we have actual knowledge that we have “sold” any personal information of minors under 16 years of age.  If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to: team@gartic.com
You acknowledge that all communication made by email (which one you provide the addresses) or any other digital, virtual and digital form are also valid as documentary evidence, being effective and sufficient for the dissemination of any matter that refers to the services provided by StopotS, as well as the conditions for its provision, subject to the expressly diverse provisions outlined in this Policy.
MORE GAMES!
GARTIC.IO
APP .  DESKTOP . PWA
Drawing and guessing have never been so fun. Draw, Guess, WIN!
VISIT
GARTIC PHONE
DESKTOP . MOBILE
The free game that joins Gartic mechanics to the famous "Telephone Game". The perfect game for voice calls!
VISIT
HOW TO PLAY
APPS
STORY
MORE GAMES
TERMS OF SERVICE