Introduction
This document, "Privacy Policy", describes how App collects, processes, and stores the personal data of users on App, which may also be referred to as "Website" or "Web-Site" hereafter and the App mobile application, which may also be referred to as the "App" or "Application" hereafter, both of which together may be referred to as "Services" throughout this Privacy Policy).
The terms "us", "We", and "ours" may also be used to refer to App throughout, while the terms "you", "your", "User", and "Visitor", may be used to refer to all users of App Services.
The term Personal Data in this document understands identifying and non-identifying data such as full name, address, phone number, and/or email address. These may be referred to as "User Personal Data", "Personal Data", or "Data" throughout.
Data we collect/may collect
Any information or personal data provided by you when you register or create an account to use our Services, as well as any data entered in forms, questionnaires, or other means while using our Services.
Any information or personal data provided by third party services, such as social networks, as stated in p.4 of this Privacy Policy.
Any details or data relating to how you use our Services, including but not limited to statistics on usage of our Services, which devices you use to access our Services, data regarding visits on your profile etc.
Catalogues of any messages that you send via our Services, including cats.
Any correspondence you make with us, with the purpose of using this data for analysis to improve user experience and the quality of our Services in the future.
Any interactions or messages you send us via our social network channels.
Any information we receive through the use of cookies as described in p.5 of this document.
Agreement to grant access to Personal Data
By accessing and using any App Services you automatically agree to allow us to collect, process, store, and disclose your Personal Data by means as defined throughout this document.
Should you disagree with the usage of your Personal Information or Data in one or more ways as outlined in this document, you should cease to use our Services with immediate effect.
Personal Data and social networks
Any Personal Data collected by us via social networks are also subject to the Privacy Policy of such social networks, which you may agree to gain access to our Services.
If you allow a social network to create an account or register with our Services, you also grant us the right to use your email address and any other Personal Data disclosed to us by the relevant social network for both your personal identification and the auto-filling of your profile on App.
By using a social network to create a profile or register an account on App, you also provide us with permission to access your contacts on the relevant social network with the purpose of helping them discover our Services.
Users who do not have active sessions with a social network agree to allow us to collect your Personal Data through social network widgets, such as the "Like" button, in both cases when you do not have an account with these social networks or have never interacted with them previously.
You may alter or change the data that is disclosed to us by social networks or stop interactions with our Services by social networks at any time by changing your settings on the third party provider. However, in these cases we cannot guarantee that you will retain full access to our Services.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that store certain information on your computer or mobile devices.
We reserve the right to use cookies or similar technologies to locally store some forms of information each time you make use of our Services. This includes session cookies which are used to authenticate and support user sessions, allowing users to avoid re-entering login and password information or re-authenticating social networks each time they navigate to a new page or section within our Services.
The use of cookies allows our Services to integrate with social networks and other platforms provided by third parties. Social network widgets, such as the "Like" button, may also create their own cookie files for users when they don’t have active sessions in these social networks or if they haven’t interacted with the relevant social network previously in any way.
Cookies are used to facilitate in-app payments and provide payment instructions on both the Mobile Application and Website. These cookies may be created by third parties such as payment systems and aggregators.
Cookies are used to provide users with personalized services such as the display of our Mobile Application and/or Website in a language selected by the user.
Cookies allow App to obtain data which helps us better understand how users are interacting with our Services. This data may be used to help us improve our Services in the future. In these cases, cookies may be created by a third party which collects, analyses, and stores information such as Google Analytics.
Payment information
When you acquire any paid service available on our Mobile Application or through in-app purchases, such as in the Apple App Store, we do not store or collect any of the payment information used.
When making a purchase on our Mobile Application, you agree that payment systems and aggregators may collect your Personal Information and create cookie files for you as described throughout this document.
Using your Personal Data
By using our Services, you agree that we, as well as any provider or company acting in our name and according to our directions only, can use your Personal Data with the following purposes:
To contact you for the purposes of information about our Services, such as providing user support and/or client service, as well as communication regarding information about new services and/or products.
To manage your account and relationship with us with the aim of improving your personal experience within our Services.
For the purpose of opinion research, user polls, and other marketing interactions, including via email, to gain feedback on your experience within our Services.
For the purpose of analysis, the creation of statistical reports, and other actions necessary for tracking potential issues and/or trends that relate to our Services.
For the prevention of crime or fraud. In some cases, where legislation dictates, it may become necessary to provide and/or forward your Personal Data to the respective authorities to aide them in the prevention of crimes and other illegal actions.
For detecting inappropriate content
For all and any other purposes listed in this Privacy Policy or according to national or local legislation.
In certain instances, we may share your personal information with third-party service providers to further improve and optimize our service for you. We may share information about you in the following ways:
With other users. We may share the following information with other users such as your username and name
With third parties, we may share your information with the following third parties. With service providers, sellers, and partners. We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf, sellers that provide goods through our services, and business partners that provide services and functionality.
We may share information for advertisement networks for personalized ads
You expressly agree that information provided when you register the App and/or the content your created when using the App (including without limitation, photos, text, messages, posts, html, URLs, pictures, video and other content), may be recorded, stored, published and made available to the rest of App users. Furthermore, other users may follow you on the App, and your followers can see, for example, the user contributed content that you have uploaded to the App. Individuals reading this information may use it or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge. We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in the information you provided or content that you create in the App. Your information may also be stored and process in any country in which we provide service to due to server facilities and third-party service teams. By using our service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. If you do not agree with all of the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our service. Community safety is our number one priority and some of the above user information are mandatory in order to create a safe community for all users.
Your profile:
By using our Services, you automatically obtain a personal profile.
You may choose to add any information you desire to your profile, including your Personal Data.
Other users of our Services may have access to any information you display on your profile.
Terms of storage of your Personal Data
We store your Personal data for the length of time required to achieve the intended purposes for which it was collected.
We maintain the right to store your Personal Data after you cease to use our Services and/or after you close an account with App, if the storage of such data is reasonably necessary to fulfil our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent illegal actions, prevent violation of third party copyrights, meet legislation and law requirements, and any other purpose as described in this Privacy Policy or any other agreement made with App.
Chat messages sent while using our Services may be stored for an infinite amount of time for the purpose of other users having the ability to view the history of their messaging.
Your Personal Data protection
We employ proper technical and physical measures to protect the Personal Data of our users from loss, destruction, change, unauthorized access, disclosure, or any other illegal forms of processing.
We employ a modern means of protection for the Personal Data of all users according to the current state of the industry.
Due to unforeseen dangers on the Internet, we cannot fully guarantee that all Personal Data will not be subject to unauthorized access, be destroyed, or altered.
External URLs
We reserve the right to place external links to websites and third party goods throughout our Services.
We attempt to always provide links and URLs to respected websites, however, we do not accept responsibility for any contents, security, or actions taken on such websites.
When you navigate to any third party website, any Personal Data that you provide is managed exclusively by the Privacy Policy of that particular website and we do not assume any responsibility for the Data you decide to provide.
Your rights regarding your Personal Data
You may request a copy of your Personal Data stored by us at any time.
You may correct, change, or delete your Personal Data, or request us to do so on your behalf. For iOS users Personal Data will be automatically deleted when user agreed to delete profile through app. Android users could contact to contact@peanomobile.com to request data deletion. In both cases users could contact provided email to request Personal Data deletion.
Any Personal Data transferred to our Services using third party means such as social networks cannot be changed or deleted by us and are fully controlled by such social networks or platforms.
You may ask us in writing not to use your Personal Data for the purpose of marketing.
Miscellaneous
To receive more detail on information about how your Personal Data is used, or if you have any further questions or claims, please contact us via the appropriate means.
You maintain the right to make a claim to our local data protection authorities in the case of any issues.
If a court of law or other competent authority decides that any of the terms of this Privacy Policy is illegal or unenforceable, this does not affect the other terms of this Privacy Policy.
We are continually developing and improving our Services which may lead to changes in this Privacy Policy from time to time. On mobile devices, you have the ability to manually manage application updates and therefore may not have the latest version of our application installed. This means you will also not have the latest information regarding our Terms and Privacy Policy. We highly recommend you regularly check for the latest Terms and Privacy Policy.
We will attempt to notify you on any essentials changes to our Privacy Policy, however it is your responsibility to ensure you have read the latest version. If you disagree with any terms in this Privacy Policy, you should cease using our Services immediately.
Date of last update: 1 September 2024