HOME
USER AGREEMENT &
        PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT
PRIVACY
      POLICY
CONTACT
Legal Terms and Privacy Policy
ZMIST GAMES,HANUMANGARH TOWN, RAJASTHAN,INDIA,PIN 335513
Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy describes how we treat your personal information when you use
        games/services (Poker Offline, Poker Online, Teen Patti Royal) provided by ZMist. The information that we
        collect depends on the services you use and how you use them. Whenever we collect any personal information that
        is secure with us. We use this data to improve user experience.
We may collect information like:
• Mobile and other hardware identifiers.
• Geolocation data
• Preferred language
• Platform type
• Device event information
• Purchase information (does not include any sensitive or financial information)
In apps like "Ludo Royal" we take user's location. We use this location to find nearby players. If you don't
        want to share your location, you can remove the location access permission from device's setting.
In our applications we also integrate 3rd party SDKs for showing Ads. These 3rd party SDKs might collect some
        personal information and show personalized Ads. These 3rd party SDKS may use a unique ID (for example, but not
        limited to advertising ID) from the device on which our application is installed to generate interests and
        demographics (for example, 'sports enthusiasts'). Interests, demographics, and other data may be used to serve
        better targeted ads to the user.
We may also receive information from Facebook, Game Center when you use these services in
        the game.
We collect these information using Cookies, Analytics, and similar technologies to:
• Measure the effectiveness of our services.
• Improve our services to cater our users in a better fashion.
• Populate leaderboards and matchmakings.
• Help you find your friends online.
• Facilitate content sharing on Social Media
• Identify and fix errors.
• Audit our services to keep them fair for all users and investigate illegal or fraud behavior and comply with
        law.
In our iOS and Android applications we also integrate 3rd party SDKs for showing Ads. These 3rd party SDKs might
        collect some personal information and show personlized Ads. These 3rd party SDKS may use a unique ID (for
        example,but not limited to,: advertising ID) from the device on which our application is installed to generate
        interests and demographics (for example, 'sports enthusiasts'). Interests, demographics, and other data may be
        used to serve better targeted ads to the user.
We may also receive information from Facebook, Game Center when you use these services in the game.

        We use following SDKs in our applications:
1. Google AdMob
2. Google Firebase
3. Unity Ads
4. Facebook
Players in Offline and Online Gameplay
In the offline mode of any game (E.g. Poker, Teenpatti, Ludo), there's no internet
        connection so you are playing with the computer players (Bots). In the online gameplay as well there are some
        occasions where we have to include computer players (For example if there are not enough players online we
        introduce bots so that user can play with them until real players join).
Collection and Use Of Persional Information
Whenever we collect any personal information that is secure with us. We use this data to
        improve user experience. Whenever we share data, commercial or otherwise, any organization or public, the data
        will be stripped of all personally identifiable information.
Contact us to delete your data from our servers
You can reach out to us at support@zeemist.com with your user-id or your facebook-id to ask us to delete your
        complete data from our servers. Deleting data might take 30 days after the request.
        To get your user-id follow these steps:
Step 1 : Launch any of our app.
Step 2 : Go to app dashboard
Step 3 : Click on your profile pic to see your profile details
Step 4 : There will be visible field with "user-id: xxxxx" you can take this screenshot or mention this
          user-id in the email.
Report security vulnerabilities
Reach out to us at support@zeemist.com to raise an issue, if you happen to notice any potential security issue
        whilst also meeting all the required criteria in our policy. The validation of the reported issue in terms of
        severity & authenticity will be done by our security team in around 30-45 days. Post validation, steps will be
        taken to fix the security issues in accordance with our security policies. The owner of the ticket will be
        informed once the issue is resolved.
Use of services – Restrictions
The following restrictions apply to the use of our Service:
You must not use the Service if you are under the age of 13. You must deny anyone under 13 to use your
          account. You are fully responsible for any unauthorized use of the Service including not limited to the use of
          credit card or any payment by any method.
You shall use your account only for non-commercial entertainment purposes. You shall not use
          the Service for any other purpose.
You shall not use your account for any illegal activity.
You shall not use your account to transmit repetitive messages (spam), junk e-mail, advertise
          and solicit.
You will not use your account to cheat or hack the game by any means.
You shall not post any objectionable and offensive information including but not limited to
          abusive, threatening, racial, sexual, or obscene.
You shall not sublicense, lease, trade, gift, sell or otherwise transfer your account or
          associated virtual items partly or fully to anyone without written permission from us.
You shall not buy or purchase chips and virtual items from any unauthorized source.
You shall not use any of the Services or create an account or use an account if you have been
          removed or banned from using the Service.
You shall not create or use more than one Facebook account to use the Service.
You shall not use any of our services if you do not agree with the Terms of Service, Privacy
          Policy or any other policy, and your license to use the services shall immediately terminate.
We have full authority to ban or shadow ban any user on the basis of suspicion. We have the
          full authority to change or zero-down the user's wallet on the basis of suspicion
Your in-game currency balance is attached with your device. If you reset the device OR change
          your device, your game will recet. You are given a new account in these cases. In these cases, you will have
          to restart your game process. We do not bound to transfer chips from old account to new account.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.zeemist.com/useragreement.html:
HOME
USER AGREEMENT & PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT
Legal Terms and Privacy Policy
ZMIST GAMES,HANUMANGARH TOWN, RAJASTHAN,INDIA,PIN 335513
Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy describes how we treat your personal information when you use games/services (Poker Offline, Poker Online, Teen Patti Royal) provided by ZMist. The information that we collect depends on the services you use and how you use them. Whenever we collect any personal information that is secure with us. We use this data to improve user experience.
We may collect information like:
•	Mobile and other hardware identifiers.
•	Geolocation data
•	Preferred language
•	Platform type
•	Device event information
•	Purchase information (does not include any sensitive or financial information)
In apps like "Ludo Royal" we take user's location. We use this location to find nearby players. If you don't want to share your location, you can remove the location access permission from device's setting.
In our applications we also integrate 3rd party SDKs for showing Ads. These 3rd party SDKs might collect some personal information and show personalized Ads. These 3rd party SDKS may use a unique ID (for example, but not limited to advertising ID) from the device on which our application is installed to generate interests and demographics (for example, 'sports enthusiasts'). Interests, demographics, and other data may be used to serve better targeted ads to the user.
We may also receive information from Facebook, Game Center when you use these services in the game.
We collect these information using Cookies, Analytics, and similar technologies to:
•	Measure the effectiveness of our services.
•	Improve our services to cater our users in a better fashion.
•	Populate leaderboards and matchmakings.
•	Help you find your friends online.
•	Facilitate content sharing on Social Media
•	Identify and fix errors.
•	Audit our services to keep them fair for all users and investigate illegal or fraud behavior and comply with law.
In our iOS and Android applications we also integrate 3rd party SDKs for showing Ads.  These 3rd party SDKs might collect some personal information and show personlized Ads. These 3rd party SDKS may use a unique ID (for example,but not limited to,: advertising ID) from the device on which our application is installed to generate interests and demographics (for example, 'sports enthusiasts'). Interests, demographics, and other data may be used to serve better targeted ads to the user.
We may also receive information from Facebook, Game Center when you use these services in the game.

We use following SDKs in our applications:
1. Google AdMob
2. Google Firebase
3. Unity Ads
4. Facebook
Collection and Use Of Persional Information
Whenever we collect any personal information that is secure with us. We use this data to improve user experience. Whenever we share data, commercial or otherwise, any organization or public, the data will be stripped of all personally identifiable information.
Contact us to delete your data from our servers
You can reach out to us at support@zeemist.com with your user-id or your facebook-id to ask us to delete your complete data from our servers. Deleting data might take 30 days after the request.
  To get your user-id follow these steps:
Step 1 :    Launch any of our app.
Step 2 :    Go to app dashboard
Step 3 :    Click on your profile pic to see your profile details
Step 4 :    There will be visible field with "user-id: xxxxx" you can take this screenshot or mention this user-id in the email.
Report security vulnerabilities
Reach out to us at support@zeemist.com to raise an issue, if you happen to notice any potential security issue whilst also meeting all the required criteria in our policy. The validation of the reported issue in terms of severity & authenticity will be done by our security team in around 30-45 days. Post validation, steps will be taken to fix the security issues in accordance with our security policies. The owner of the ticket will be informed once the issue is resolved.
Use of services – Restrictions
The following restrictions apply to the use of our Service:
You will not use the Service(s) or any content provided by Zmist-Games, or in connection with, or in any manner whatsoever, that relates to, or encourages or promotes, the activity of money laundering, gambling, betting, wagering or is otherwise unlawful or illegal in any manner whatsoever, under any Applicable Law. The Service(s) provided by Zmist-Games are intended for entertainment purposes only and they do not, in any way, promote any form of gambling, wagering or betting. Zeemist is not, and shall not be held to be responsible, directly or indirectly, for any form of betting, wagering or gambling acts/ activities that may take place outside these Terms as provided herein and hereby expressly disclaims any and all liability in connected therewith.
While using the Service(s) in Your respective state/ province/ union territory, You must comply with Applicable Law, at all times, and adhere to all local and state legislations/ court orders/ other rules and regulations, which are in force in Your specific state/ province/ union territory, or at Your temporary/permanent residence or billing address. You hereby acknowledge and agree that Your access to (or any other form of participation with respect to) the Service(s) in any state/ province/ union territory where there exist restrictions under Applicable Law, shall be at Your sole risk and discretion and Zmist-Games shall not be liable to refund or reimburse any injury or damages suffered by You. Zmist-Games expressly disclaims all liability which may arise in relation to such use or access by You in violation of Applicable Law in such states/ provinces/ union territories. Zmist-Games also reserves the right to suspend or permanently ban Your account in case of failure to adhere to these Terms.
IN THE GAMES, TEEN PATTI ROYAL, POKER OFFLINE AND ANY OTHER CARD GAMES AS INTRODUCED FROM TIME TO TIME, YOU MAY WIN OR LOSE VIRTUAL CHIPS. THESE VIRTUAL CHIPS HAVE NO REAL CASH VALUE AND CANNOT BE ENCASHED FOR ANY PRIZE, WINNINGS REWARD, CONSIDERATION, PROFIT, OR GAIN EQUIVALENT TO ANY REAL MONEY VALUE WHATSOEVER. PARTICIPATION IN THESE GAMES IS COMPLETELY FREE. IF YOU SPEND ALL YOUR FREE VIRTUAL CHIPS, YOU CAN PURCHASE MORE VIRTUAL CHIPS TO PLAY BY MAKING PAYMENTS INSIDE THE GAME ITSELF. THESE GAMES DO NOT OFFER REAL MONEY GAMBLING, WAGERING OR BETTING OR ANY OPPORTUNITY TO WIN REAL MONEY OR PRIZES. FURTHER, ANY SUCCESS IN SOCIAL CASINO GAMING IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE SUCCESS AT REAL MONEY GAMBLING.
You must not use the Service if you are under the age of 13. You must deny anyone under 13 to use your account. You are fully responsible for any unauthorized use of the Service including not limited to the use of credit card or any payment by any method.
You shall use your account only for non-commercial entertainment purposes. You shall not use the Service for any other purpose.
You shall not use your account for any illegal activity.
You shall not use your account to transmit repetitive messages (spam), junk e-mail, advertise and solicit.
You will not use your account to cheat or hack the game by any means.
You shall not post any objectionable and offensive information including but not limited to abusive, threatening, racial, sexual, or obscene.
You shall not sublicense, lease, trade, gift, sell or otherwise transfer your account or associated virtual items partly or fully to anyone without written permission from us.
You shall not buy or purchase chips and virtual items from any unauthorized source.
You shall not use any of the Services or create an account or use an account if you have been removed or banned from using the Service.
You shall not create or use more than one Facebook account to use the Service.
You shall not use any of our services if you do not agree with the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy or any other policy, and your license to use the services shall immediately terminate.
We have full authority to ban or shadow ban any user on the basis of suspicion. We have the full authority to change or zero-down the user's wallet on the basis of suspicion
Your in-game currency balance is attached with your device. If you reset the device OR change your device, your game will recet. You are given a new account in these cases. In these cases, you will have to restart your game process. We do not bound to transfer chips from old account to new account.