Privacy Policy
Effective date: February 03, 2019
Web Panache ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Aussie Weather mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy  for Web Panache is created with the help of the
Free Privacy Policy website
.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking Data
We use Visual Studio App Centre to anonymously track the activity on our Service and hold certain information to improve and analyze our Service.
Use of Data
Web Panache uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Australia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Australia and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Web Panache will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Web Panache may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Web Panache
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Visual Studio App Centre
Visual Studio App Centre is a mobile app monitoring and analysis tool. You can read the product description and Privacy Policy for Visual Studio App Centre here:
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-au/services/app-center/
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: https://aussieweather.app/privacy-policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Comply with requirements from CPRA, CCPA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Free Privacy Policy Generator to comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense.
Free Terms and Conditions Generator
Free Terms and Conditions Generator to generate professional attorney drafted Terms & Conditions.
Free Cookie Consent
Free Cookies Policy Generator
Free Return & Refund Policy Generator
Free Disclaimer Generator
Free EULA Generator
The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Privacy Policy Generator includes many provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
How the Privacy Policy Generator works
Our intuitive, easy-to-use generator allows you to create a custom Privacy Policy or a Terms & Conditions agreement using our Free Website Privacy Policy Generator or our Free Website Terms & Conditions Generator.
01
Step 1. Generate your Privacy Policy
All you have to do is answer a few simple questions about your business and your Website Privacy Policy or Website Terms & Conditions agreement is created and ready to be added to your web site. In fact, for most people it takes less than 15 minutes.
02
Step 2. Download your Privacy Policy
Log in to your account and download the Privacy Policy you just generated. Each Privacy Policy you generate is saved in our systems and it can be accessed anytime you need it.
03
Step 3. Update or edit your Privacy Policy
If you need to update your Privacy Policy, that's easy. Simply log in back to your account and update your Privacy Policy. Do you want to edit the Privacy Policy text? It's the same easy step: log in & edit your Privacy Policy.
About FreePrivacyPolicy.com
The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator! Here at Free Privacy Policy, we've helped more than 1,030,043 site owners create easy-to-read, highly effective, Custom Privacy Policies.
Our Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google AdWords requirements for a Privacy Policy
Personal Identifiable Information (PII)
Federal Trade Commission Fair Information Practices
Our Free Terms and Conditions Generator includes provisions to help you effectively protect your site and app while limiting your liability:
Provisions for payments, including subscription plans
Provisions for user-generated content (UCG), including copyright infringement notices (such as DMCA)
Provisions for protecting your site and app intellectual property (such as the website design, company logo)
Provisions for limiting liability (such as warranty disclaimers)
1,030,042
Users
1,185,477
Policies Created
533,464,650
Saved on Legal Fees
What our customers say
Rated
4.9
Quick and easy way to secure our company website. Thanks for making this a great user experience.
Anthony - Canine Behavioral Services
Thank you for making it so simple and easy to create a proper and compliant privacy policy!
Andrea - Toronto Success Coach
Thank you for your time and help. Setting up a Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service is easier than I thought.
Casey H - Casis Boutique