Meet Vault12, Sponsors of the DC Blockchain Summit 2025, March 26, Washington D.C. - Discount code: VAULT1220 for 20% offMeet Vault12, Sponsors of the DC Blockchain Summit 2025, March 26, Washington D.C. - Discount code: VAULT1220 for 20% off
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://vault12.com/keynote-security-privacy-summit/:
Meet Vault12, Sponsors of the DC Blockchain Summit 2025, March 26, Washington D.C. - Discount code: VAULT1220 for 20% off
Backup
Backup & Storage
Inheritance
Releases
Help
Inheritance
Inheritance
Backup & Storage
Releases
Help
Learn
About
Blog
Company
Contact
Download
FAQs
Hiring
Library
Partners
Press
Pricing
Strategic Investments
System Status
Team
Technology
VGT Token
My Subscription
Download
play icon
vimeo.com
Contents
Glossary
Press
Keynote: Security & Privacy Conference
Privacy and security concerns remain an essential part of this industry and hold the keys to success. Join us in learning more about the key players in the security space and how to best capture the emerging trend that is privacy.
Wasim Ahmad
August 31 2024
Show more
24 August 2021
Wasim Ahmad, Chief Crypto Officer, Vault12
Blockchain & crypto industry continues to thrive and grow worth over 1.2T in value. Billions have been stolen as a result of hacks, scams, and other vectors of attacks on the digital asset space. The importance of privacy and security has never been more necessary than it is now as cash starts to turn into digital currency and institutions begin to adopt it. We will explore themes and trends of privacy and security within digital assets within our three-hour virtual conference. Privacy and security concerns remain an essential part of this industry and hold the keys to success. Join us in learning more about the key players in the security space and how to best capture the emerging trend that is privacy.
https://linkedin.com/in/wasima
https://twitter.com/wasima
https://startag.xyz/wasima
Press
Keynote: Security & Privacy Conference
Privacy and security concerns remain an essential part of this industry and hold the keys to success. Join us in learning more about the key players in the security space and how to best capture the emerging trend that is privacy.
Wasim Ahmad
August 31 2024
Discover More
Wasim Ahmad
Wasim is a serial entrepreneur and an advisor in the fields of AI, blockchain, cryptocurrency, and encryption solutions. At Vault12, he led the private and public fundraising efforts and focuses today on expanding the Vault12 ecosystem. His crypto experience began with AlphaPoint, where he worked with the founding team to launch the world's first crypto trading exchanges.

Previously he was a founding member of Voltage Security, a spinout from Stanford University, that launched Identity-Based Encryption (IBE), a breakthrough in Public Key Cryptography, and pioneered the use of sophisticated data encryption to protect sensitive data across the world's payment systems. Wasim serves on the board of non-profit, StartOut, and is a Seedcamp and WeWork Labs global mentor.
Wasim graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Physics and French from the University of Sussex.
Full Bio >
Backup and Inheritance for
Bitcoin
Get the Vault12 app onto your phone
Scroll down
Close
Vault12 Product Demo
Get The Vault12 App Onto Your Phone
play icon
You will lose your Bitcoin and other crypto when you die...
...unless you set up Crypto Inheritance Management today.
It's simple — if you don't worry about crypto inheritance, nobody else will — not your software or
hardware wallet
vendors, not your exchanges, and not your wealth managers. So it's up to you to think about how to protect the generational wealth you have created, and reduce the risks around passing that crypto wealth on to your family and heirs. What are the challenges with crypto inheritance?
Crypto Wallets are difficult to use
and do not offer crypto inheritance management. In fact, most of them tell you to write down your
seed phrase
on a piece of paper, which is practically useless.
Some people back up their wallet seed phrases or private keys on paper, local devices like hardware wallets or USBs, or in the cloud. All of these options have
severe drawbacks that range from hacking to accidental loss to disrupted cloud services.
Software wallets operate on
specific blockchains
, yet your crypto assets span
multiple blockchains
. For inheritance to work, you must be able to manage inheritance across every blockchain — now and forever.
Vault12 is the pioneer in
crypto inheritance management
. Watch our explainer video above, or our
inheritance demo
today.
View Demo
Learn More
Crypto Inheritance Management: Secure, Self-Custody Crypto Inheritance and Backup
Vault12 is the pioneer in
Crypto Inheritance Management
, offering a simple yet powerful way to designate a legacy contact and pass on your crypto assets—like
Bitcoin (BTC)
,
Ethereum (ETH) and Solana (SOL)
—to future generations. Built for everyday users yet robust enough for the most seasoned crypto enthusiasts, Vault12 Guard ensures your wallet seed phrases and private keys are preserved in a fully self-sovereign manner, across
all Blockchains
.
At the heart of Vault12 Guard is
quantum-resistant cryptography
and a
decentralized
,
peer-to-peer network
of trusted Guardians. Your critical information is never stored in the cloud, on Vault12 servers, or even on local devices—dramatically
reducing the risk of a single point of failure
. By fusing a powerful software layer with the
Secure Element
of iOS devices (Secure Enclave) and Google devices (Strongbox), Vault12 Guard locks down your private keys against present and future threats.
Our innovative approach harnesses
social recovery
, enabling you to appoint one or more trusted individuals or mobile devices as Guardians. These Guardians collectively safeguard your protected seed phrases in a decentralized digital Vault—so there’s no need for constant lawyer updates or bulky paperwork. Should the unexpected happen, your chosen legacy contact can seamlessly inherit your crypto assets without compromising your privacy or security.
Preserve your digital wealth for generations to come with Vault12 Guard—the simplest, most secure way to manage crypto inheritance and backup.
Learn More
Download
Take the first step and back up your crypto wallets.
Designed to be used alongside traditional hardware and software crypto wallets,
Vault12 Guard
helps cryptocurrency owners back up their wallet seed phrases and private keys (assets) without storing anything in the cloud, or in any single location. This increases protection and decreases the risk of loss.
The first step in crypto Inheritance Management is making sure you have an up-to-date backup.
The Vault12 Guard app enables secure decentralized backups, and provides inheritance for all your
seed phrases and private keys across any blockchain, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and others, and for any crypto wallet.
Note:
For anyone unfamiliar with cryptocurrencies, Vault12 refers to wallet seed phrases and private keys as assets, crypto assets, and digital assets. The Vault12 Guard app includes a software wallet that works alongside your Digital Vault. The primary purpose of this is to guard your Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) wallet seed phrases, private keys, and other essential data, now and for future generations.
Learn more
Download
Introducing Digital Inheritance with Vault12
Download Vault12 today