Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Magimix UK Limited (“Magimix” / “we” / “our” / “us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We collect and process your personal data in compliance with applicable data protection laws, including the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and General Data Protection Regulation.
This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which we will process your personal information when you use our website,
https://www.magimix.co.uk
(which we refer to as the “Magimix Website”), or otherwise in connection with the sale of our products. It only applies if you are in the UK, and does not apply to your use of any other Magimix website.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand what data we collect about you, how and why we process that data, and your rights and choices relating to that data.
1- WHO WE ARE
Magimix UK Limited is a company registered in England and Wales under company number 02142370. Our registered office is at 19 Bridge Street, Godalming, Surrey, GU7 1HY, England.  We are part of a group of companies with MAGIMIX France, whose head office is 48 rue des Vignerons 94300 Vincennes and registered with RCS Créteil 379 216 112, SAS with a capital of 40 000€.
The Magimix Website is owned and operated by MAGIMIX France.
2- WHEN DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA?
We collect personal data from you when you submit information directly to us or via the Magimix Website. You will be required to give us personal data when you:
- create your account
- log in to your account
- order and pay for products
- register your products (e.g. for a warranty)
- find your nearest stockist (using your location)
- request to be notified when an item is back in stock
- save your basket
- cancel your order or end your contract with us
- return any products
- participate in a quiz / complete a feedback form
- leave a comment or review on a product
- leave a comment or review on a recipe
- submit a recipe
- sign up for or give consent to receive our newsletter and/or promotional offers
- contact or correspond with us for any other reason
Certain personal data which we ask you to provide in the order process is mandatory; this is indicated by a red asterisk or triangle on the Magimix Website. All other data we ask you to provide is optional.
In addition to the information you give to us, we will collect certain information when you visit and use the Magimix Website (see WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT? below).
3- WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
We collect the following data:
Contact details and account information:
- country of residence, first name, surname and date of birth
- email address
- hone number
- account password (if applicable)
Order details:
- delivery information, including delivery address and delivery method
- order history, including details of product(s) purchased, date of purchase and proof of purchase
Connection data and cookies:
- certain technical information, including type of device, IP address, browser type and version
- information about your visit to, and device interaction with, the Magimix Website (such as scrolling and clicks)
- certain cookies or other tracking technologies
Location data:
- geographical position
Other information:
- preferences (including whether you wish to receive newsletters and/or promotional offers)
- comments, ratings and reviews
- recipe submissions, comments on recipes, and favourite recipes
- information in any correspondence with us
We may also collect anonymous data (or anonymise personal data that we collect from you). This means it is not possible to identify who that data is connected to. We may use this data without any further permission from you.
4- WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will only process your personal data for the following reasons:
- to enable us to fulfil the contractual commitments in our contract with you
- to enable us to pursue our legitimate interest in providing and improving our products and services
- to comply with applicable laws
- if you have given us your consent (this only applies in limited circumstances - see below)
Where we need consent to process your personal data (for example, in order to send you newsletters or promotional offers), we will ask you to positively opt-in by ticking the appropriate consent box on the Magimix Website.
Summary table of the purposes for processing your personal data and our lawful bases:
Purpose
Lawful basis
Data processed
Provide the Magimix Website to you
Legitimate interest
Contact details and account information
Creation and security of your account
Contractual commitments
Contact details and account information
Identify you and your account
Contractual commitments
Contact details and account information
Respond to an order
Contractual commitments
Contact details and account information; order details
Collect payments or send refunds if necessary
Contractual commitments
Contact details and account information; order details
Manage orders and deliveries
Contractual commitments
Contact details and account information; order details
Notify the availability of a new item in stock
Contractual commitments
Contact details and account information
Run competitions
Contractual commitments
Contact details and account information
Provide customer service
Contractual commitments
Contact details and account information; order details; location data
Deal with enquiries, correspondence and complaints
Contractual commitments
Contact details and account information; order details
Send our newsletter
Consent
Contact details and account information
Send personalised promotional offers
Consent
Contact details and account information
Allow us to improve our products and services
Legitimate interest
Connection data and cookies:
5- DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Who will we share your personal data with?
Service providers
We may share your personal data with our service providers. These companies perform certain support functions (including hosting, maintenance and development of the Magimix Website). They are not authorised to use your data for purposes other than the tasks entrusted to them and are required to comply with applicable laws in connection with the protection of your personal data.
Magimix France
Since Magimix France owns and operates the Magimix Website, it will receive certain information about your access to and use of the website. This is necessary in order to operate the Magimix Website effectively.
Couriers
If you order a product on the Magimix Website, we will appoint a courier to deliver those products to you and will share certain information about you with that courier. This is limited to information that is necessary for that delivery, including your name, delivery address and delivery method. We will also give the courier your e-mail address or phone number so that it can contact you with an estimated time window for delivery and, if applicable, agree any specific delivery requirements.
Other users
When you interact on the Magimix Website, for example when you submit a comment about a product, provide a review or ask a question, your name or username will be visible to other website users.
Advertising partners
If you consent to the use of advertising cookies, we may share certain data about your access to and use of the Magimix Website which we collect with those cookies with third party advertising partners. See COOKIES below for more information.
Other
We reserve the right to disclose your personal data to other parties in cases where the law, a court order or regulation requires us to do so, or if such disclosure is necessary in order to comply with a legal process. In addition, we may do so where we have another legitimate interest that is not overridden by your interests and fundamental rights (for example, to maintain the security of our computer systems).
Who else might obtain your personal data?
Payment processors
In addition to the above, when you place an order on the Magimix Website, you will need to provide your payment details (including your billing address) to one of our third party payment processors, Ingenico or PayPal. You should check the relevant processor’s privacy policy carefully to understand how they use your data. Magimix will not itself process any of your payment details.
6- DO WE TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE THE UK
We will transfer your personal data outside the UK, but only to a country within the European Economic Area (“EEA”). This is necessary because [our group company] Magimix France is responsible for operating the Magimix Website and will therefore access and receive some of your data. The Magimix Website is also hosted on a server located in France. In addition, some of the companies that provide services to us (as described above) may also be based in, or run their services from, a country in the EEA.
We will not transfer your personal data outside the UK and the EEA. This means your data will always be treated in accordance with UK or EU data protection laws, which are considered to provide an adequate level of protection.
7- HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes described above, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting obligations.
We will keep your data for the following periods, unless we tell you otherwise (or you ask us to delete your data):
- if you place an order and/or create an account on the Magimix Website, we will usually delete your personal data within three years of the date on which you placed that order or when you last accessed or used your account (whichever is later). We may need to keep certain data for longer (including if you register a product and for our legal reasons) - please see below;
- if you contact or correspond with us for any reason but you do not place an order or create an account on the Magimix Website, we will usually delete your personal data within three years of the date on which we last communicated with you;
- if you access or use the Magimix Website but you do not place an order or create an account, we will delete your personal data within one year of the date of your last visit to the Magimix Website.
We may also store data in an anonymous form for statistical purposes.
Retaining your data for a longer period
- if you place an order on the Magimix Website, we will need to keep certain information (for example, your name, e-mail address and basic order details) for a period of six years from the date on which you placed your order for legal reasons.
- if you register a product you purchase on the Magimix Website, we will need to keep information about that product and purchase (for example your name, e-mail address, basic order details and product details) for longer so that we can contact and correspond with you during the product warranty period.
We may also keep your name and e-mail address for longer if you have agreed to us doing so, for example to keep in touch about our other products or services, or for our promotional purposes, for example.
8- WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
Under UK data protection laws, you have the right to:
- request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it;
- request correction of your personal data;
- request deletion of your personal data (unless we have the legal right to retain it);
- object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest and there is something about your particular situation which leads you to object to the processing of your data.  You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes;
- request the restriction of processing of your personal data. You can ask us to temporarily stop processing personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish that it is accurate or the reason for processing it;
- request us to transfer to someone else personal data that you have provided to us; and
- change your data processing preferences at any time.
You can exercise any of the rights listed above at any time by visiting your account area or by contacting us (see CONTACT MAGIMIX below).
You will not normally have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights set out above). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is excessive, for example.
We may also need to request specific information from you to confirm your identity to access your data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
Where you have consented to the processing of your personal data for a specific purpose (e.g. for marketing purposes), you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Once you have told us that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for that purpose, unless we have another lawful basis for doing so.
9- MARKETING
From time to time we may send you marketing messages by e-mail. These messages will only ever relate to products or services of ours which may be of interest to you (including newsletters and/or promotional offers).
See WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA? for details of the lawful basis on which we rely to process your information in connection with this marketing.
You have the right to opt-out of our marketing at any time by using the unsubscribe link in the messages we send to you or by contacting us (see CONTACT MAGIMIX).
10- COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They have a number of purposes, including storing login information, providing a safe connection and optimising your browsing experience.
The Magimix Website is designed to understand the needs and expectations of our customers. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to identify you, remember your preferences and enable you to navigate between pages more efficiently. We also use cookies that help ensure the advertising you see and the offers we send are more relevant to you and your interests.
Consent to use cookies and changing your settings
We will ask for your consent to place cookies or other similar technologies on your device, except where they are essential for us to provide you with a service that you have requested (for example, to enable you to log in to your account, add products to your shopping basket and place your order). These are called “strictly necessary cookies”.
You can withdraw your consent to the use of cookies (other than necessary cookies) or manage your cookie preferences in our
cookies management policy page
. It may be necessary to refresh the page for the updated settings to take effect.
If you do not want to accept any cookies on your device, you may be able to change your browser settings to disable all cookies (including necessary cookies). However, this may affect how the Magimix Website works.
For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to the guidance on cookies published by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office,
www.aboutcookies.org
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Cookies we use
We use the following types of cookies:
- Strictly necessary cookies: As described above, these cookies are essential to the proper functioning of the Magimix Website so that you can navigate around it and use its features.  These cookies are essential to proper functioning of the website and help to improve your browsing experience.
- Analytical / performance cookies: These cookies allow us to count the number of visitors to the Magimix Website and understand how users move around it. This helps us to improve the way the Magimix Website works, for example, by ensuring that users can find what they are looking for easily
- Functionality cookies: These cookies allow us to recognise you when you return to the Magimix Website. This enables us to remember you (including your login information) and your preferences and personalise our content for you.
- Advertising cookies: These cookies enable us to present targeted offers and adverts which are more relevant to you and your interests. They also remember when you have visited a given website are also used to limit the number of times you see a particular advert. We may also share this information with third parties for advertising purposes.
- Social media cookies: The Magimix Website allows you to share content on social media via applications or links to third party websites such as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest and Twitter. Sometimes we incorporate videos from websites such as YouTube. These websites may set their own cookies on your device which we do not control. You should check the social media provider’s cookie policy carefully to understand how they use cookies.
11- UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time and post any changes on the Magimix Website. If you don’t agree with those changes, you can always stop giving us any more of your data and stop using the Magimix Website.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in [January 2023].
12- CONTACT MAGIMIX
For any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at any time via the
contact form
. Alternatively, if you would prefer to contact us by post, our address is Magimix, 19 Bridge Street, Godalming, Surrey, GU7 1HY, England.
Magimix is a “data controller” when it comes to the handling of your personal information. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you.
Magimix is registered with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office with the registration number ZA746443.
Complaints
If, for any reason, you are not happy with the way that we have handled your personal information, please contact us at the address set out above. If you are still not happy and if you are based in the UK, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office see:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
.