Home
>
Legal and Privacy
>
Pensions and services app privacy notice
Royal London pensions and services app privacy notice
This notice describes how we collect, store, use and share personal information in relation to our pensions and services mobile app (the “App”).
1. Who we are
When we say ‘we’, ‘us’ or “Royal London” in this notice we’re referring to The Royal London Mutual Insurance Society Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (registration number: 99064), registered office: 80 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 4BY. This notice describes how we collect, store, use and share personal information in relation to our Pensions and Services App.
2. What kinds of personal data do we hold about you and how we use it?
As a customer of Royal London, we use your information in a number of ways.
App Access and Identification
To access your pension plan details through the App, you will need to provide the following information when you first download the App so that we can identify you and your pension plan details:
Information about you – your surname and date of birth
Contact information – postcode, email address and mobile phone number
Government identifiers – your National Insurance number
Contractual Information – your pension plan number
Ongoing Access
To access the App on an ongoing basis, we will ask for the following information:
Username (your email address)
Password
Mobile phone number
Your mobile number and email address will be used for security purposes in identifying you and communicating with you regarding your policy. This information is stored with your username and password and we retain these details whilst you continue to be a customer of Royal London.
You can also activate “Touch ID” or “Face ID” to access the App. Please note that this biometric data is held on your mobile device and Royal London doesn’t have access to this information.
Pension Plan Changes and Authorisation
For certain features within the App, we’ll use the information you provide via the App to process your request.  For example, where you are using our ‘pay in’ feature and are authorising a transfer of an existing pension plan to Royal London, or you are adding nominated beneficiaries to your pension plan, information entered into the App that we would use to process your request may include:
Pension plan number you are thinking of transferring
Name of ceding provider that the pension plan is held with
The estimated pension plan value that you are transferring
Beneficiary name, relationship and % allocation
Your electronic authorisation to proceed with the request
Information we already hold about you which we would use with the ceding provider to process your request would include:
Name
Address
Date of birth
National Insurance number
Relevant contact details, such as your address, mobile phone number and email address
Push Notifications
Where you opt in to receive push notifications, we’ll send notifications to your device through the App. We’ll use notifications to provide you with:
information about Royal London and its initiatives (for example, ProfitShare and membership information)
information produced by Royal London on financial affairs and financial wellbeing
information in relation to pension plan(s) you have with us
Analytics and App Development
Where you have given us your permission, we collect information through Google Analytics. We use this data to develop and improve our App by using your anonymous usage data.
We’ll collect information on how and when you use our App, including:
the screens you access
the time and date you access the App
the make and model of your mobile device
the operating system, like iOS and Android
You can review or change your permission at any time by logging into the Account section of the App.
Security and usage
We use third party security software which also collects and analyses how and when you use the App. Royal London uses this information, alongside existing information we hold about you and your pension plan to identify errors, enhance our App and improve your experience.
Marketing and Communications
From time to time, we will send you information about our offers and products that are relevant to you. This can be by post, email, text, other electronic means or where you have not previously opted out. You can easily change your mind and “opt out” of receiving marketing information anytime by contacting us on
0345 605 0050
or by using our online form
Write to us - get in touch by email - Royal London
or by writing to us using the contact details in Section 10 below.
3. What are our legal grounds for using your personal information?
The UK General Data Protection Regulations 2018 sets out specific grounds under which your personal data maybe lawfully processed. The legal grounds for the processing of personal data by us will depend on the purpose for which the processing is being carried out.
We’ll only use your personal data when one of these grounds has been satisfied.  Below you can see how we use your personal data when using the App and the legal grounds for processing this:
Necessary for the performance of a contract
, e.g. to provide access to the App and or where you authorise us to complete transactions or make changes to your pension plan.
Consent
- where you provided consent we will send you push notifications and/or collect information through Google Analytics.
Legitimate Interests
– information to help develop our digital platforms, e.g. security and usage of the App and its functions. This enables us to grow and sustain our business, meet our customer’s needs, develop our brand and communicate with our members effectively.  We may send you servicing communications, and, or offers, that we think may be relevant to you, unless you`ve previously objected to receiving these. Contact details are provided above in the “Marketing and Communications” section 2 above if you do not want to receive marketing communications.
Royal London Pensions Privacy Notice
For further information on how we use your personal information, legal grounds and for your pension plan in general, please visit
royallondon.com/privacy.
4. Who do we share your personal data with?
Certain employees of Royal London are given access to your personal information. We also share your information with other companies, but we only use trusted third parties, such as:
Our service providers, approved IT specialists who support our technology
Your financial adviser, if you have appointed one
Auditors, legal advisers and legal/regulatory bodies, including the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
For transactions authorised via the App, we’ll share certain information with relevant parties that are required to carry out your wishes.  This would include a ceding provider where you are looking to transfer another pension plan to Royal London.
5. Overseas transfers
Our App is hosted by Royal London in the UK.  However, we may use third parties located in other countries to provide support services.  As a result, your personal data may be processed in countries outside the UK and European Economic Area (EEA). Where this occurs we always ensure your personal data is provided with adequate protection and all transfers of personal data are done lawfully and are compliant with the UK GDPR.
6. How long do we keep your personal information?
If you delete our App from your mobile device, you will still be able to access our online services with your account log-in details.  Deletion of the App will not impact the data that we hold about you to administer your pension. Please visit our
royallondon.com/privacy
for further details on how long we retain your data.
7. What are my rights?
Your rights are outlined below. The easiest way to exercise any of your rights would be to contact our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided in Section 10.  We will provide a response within one month, if not sooner.  There is normally no charge for exercising any of your rights. We may ask you for proof of identity when you request to exercise some of these rights to ensure we are dealing with the correct individual.
Access to your personal data
You have the right to find out what personal data we hold about you, in many circumstances. Please see Section 10 below for our contact details.
Correcting or adding to your personal data
If any of your details are incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete, you can ask us to correct them or to add information.
Withdrawing your consent
If you have provided consent for us to use your personal data, you have the right to withdraw it at any time.  If you withdraw consent, then we are not allowed to use your personal data going forward.  However, it would not invalidate processing that was carried out before you withdrew consent.
Withdrawal of consent may impact the product and services we can provide to you or the ability to administer your policy or process your claim.  In this event, we will let you know what the impact would be.
Transferring your personal data to another organisation (Data portability)
In some circumstances, you can ask us to send an electronic copy of the personal data you have provided to us, either to you or to another organisation.
Objecting to the use of your personal data for legitimate interests
You also have the right to object to any processing done under legitimate interests.  We will re-assess the balance between our interests and yours, considering your particular circumstances.  If we have a compelling reason, we may still continue to use your personal data if that interest is not deemed to be outweighed by your privacy rights. However, we will inform you of that decision and reasoning for continuation of processing.
Objecting to direct marketing
You have a specific right to object to our use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, which we will always act upon.
Objecting to automated decision making
You have a right to object if we have made an automated decision, including profiling, which has legal and / or significant effect against you.  You may also have the right to challenge the decision and ask for a human review.  These rights do not apply if we are authorised by the law to make such decisions and appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your rights.
Restricting the use of your personal data
If you are uncertain about the accuracy or our use of your personal data, you can ask us to stop using your personal data until your query is resolved.  We will let you know the outcome before we take any further action in relation to this personal data.
Right to Erasure
You can ask us to delete your personal data in some circumstances, such as if your policy has ended and we do not need to keep it for legal or regulatory reasons  If we are using consent to process your personal data and you withdraw it, you can ask us to erase it.
8. Right to complain to the supervisory authority?
If you are dissatisfied with how we use your personal data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. We would encourage you to contact us first, so we can help with your concerns.
The Information Commissioner`s office can be contacted by:
Visiting their website:
www.ico.org.uk
Phone on:
0303 123 1113
Write to: Information Commissioner`s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
9. Changes to our privacy notice
Making sure that we keep you up to date with privacy information is a continuous responsibility and we keep this notice under review.  We will update our notice as changes are required.
For further details of how your personal data is processed please visit
royallondon.com/privacy
This privacy notice was last updated on 13th March 2024.
10. Contact us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy notice, or if you’re not happy with the way Royal London uses your information, please contact us using the details below. You can also call if you want this information in another format such as Braille, large print.
Post: Data Protection Officer, Royal London, Royal London House, Alderley Park, Congleton Road, Nether Alderley, Macclesfield SK10 4EL.
Email:
GDPR@Royallondon.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.royallondon.com/legal/:
Your browser is not supported.
To get the best experience when using this site, please update to the most recent version.
×
Home
>
Legal and Privacy
Legal and Privacy
Legal bits and pieces
As an FCA regulated financial provider, we have a number of standards to meet - and a number of policies in place to help us meet them. Here, you'll find a few of the key ones including our site terms and conditions, our cookies policy, and our privacy notices.
Terms and conditions
Spend some time reading through our terms and conditions carefully.
Read now
Mobile app user information
We’ll keep your personal information safe and sound even when you’re on the move. Read our mobile app privacy policy and user licence.
Privacy policy
End user licence agreement
Privacy policy
In today's digital age, we know that staying safe online is a top-of-mind priority for our customers - and so it is for Royal London, too.
Read the policy
Cookie policy
Our cookie policy explains how we use cookies to improve and personalise your visit, understand how you use our website, and target our advertisements.
Learn about our cookie policy
Royal London Group of Companies
Authorised and regulated firms within the Royal London Group.
Learn more
Social media policy
Royal London uses a number of social media sites including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn. This page tells you the conditions of their use.
Read more
about Social media policy
Sub-policy 1
https://www.royallondon.com/legal/privacy/:
Your browser is not supported.
To get the best experience when using this site, please update to the most recent version.
×
Home
>
Legal and Privacy
>
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Royal London is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy
In today's digital age, we know that staying safe online is a top-of-mind priority for our customers - and so it is for Royal London, too. That's why we're dedicated to keeping your personal information protected whenever it's shared with us.
What is GDPR?
From May 2018 a new Data Protection law called the
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), gives you more rights around how your information is used.
How we use your information can depend on both
the type of policy that you took out;
and
whether you bought through a financial adviser
To make sure you feel confident with how we use your information, we’ve created an
Executive Privacy Statement
and updated our detailed
Privacy Notices
to make things clearer.
For further information please contact us by email at
GDPR@royallondon.com
or by post to Royal London House, Alderley Park, Congleton Road, Nether Alderley, Macclesfield, SK10 4EL.
We’ll continue to update these notices as we receive feedback on how to make them easier to understand, and as we learn more about what the Information Commissioner’s Office expects. So please come back again.
Executive Privacy Statement
Royal London Group (RLG) is committed to making sure your can trust us with your personal information. This Privacy Statement applies to personal information provided to us, both by you or by others on your behalf. It sets out our key principles and provides an overview of how we make sure this happens.
Our commitments to you are;
We’ll only collect information that is needed to provide our services to you.
We’ll make sure that we use and share your personal information fairly and in a way you’d expect.
We’ll tell you how we use your information whenever we collect it, so you can make an informed decision.
We’ll keep your information up to date when you tell us about changes.
We’ll make it easy for you to exercise your rights.
We won’t hold your information for any longer than we need.
We’ll take appropriate measures to protect your information.
Royal London Group ensures all staff are aware of what they need to do to meet the above commitments through our Group Data Policy and associated training. Our Group Data Policy is set and monitored by the Royal London Group Executive.
Our specific
Privacy Notices
provide more detail about how we use your information.
Privacy Notices
Consumer
You didn’t have a financial adviser when you took out the policy with Royal London
Or you bought directly from Refuge Assurance, United Friendly, Phoenix Assurance, Royal Liver or Co-operative Insurance Society.
Or you may also have bought via one of our partners such as Clydesdale Bank or Bounty or by one of our introducers such as Moneysupermarket, Quidco or Top Cash Back
Consumer Privacy Notice
Pensions
You had a financial adviser when you took out the plan,
You bought a pension plan to help pay for your retirement,
You may have originally taken your plan out with Scottish Life,
You may have taken out a plan via a workplace pension scheme, or
Your pension benefits are administered or insured by Royal London.
Pensions Privacy Notice
Protection (sold through an adviser)
You had a financial adviser when you took out the plan
You took out a protection plan, such as life cover or critical illness cover to payout in the event of ill health or death
You may have originally taken out your plan with Bright Grey or Scottish Provident.
Protection Privacy Notice
Intermediary Adviser
You work for a financial adviser firm, and
You submit pensions or protection business to us on behalf of your clients
Adviser Privacy Notice
Asset Management
You are an investor in one of our funds,
Your are a client of RLAM Channel Islands as an individual,
You are an adviser or wealth manager,
You are an employee of an existing or potential institutional client, or are exercising investment control for an institutional client, or
You are a tenant of one of our properties.
Asset Management Privacy Notice
Funeral Plan
Setting up and administering your plan
Making payments to you or processing claims
Verifying your identity and preventing fraud
Researching our customers’ opinions and exploring new ways to meet their needs
Assessing and developing our products, systems, prices and brand
Fulfilling any legal or regulatory obligations
Providing optional tools for you to assess your plan/retirement savings
Sending you marketing information
If you’re a member, sending you membership information and managing your rights
Monitoring the use of our websites
Funeral Plan Privacy Notice
Helping Hand
You took out a protection plan, such as life cover, critical illness cover or income protection, through a financial adviser.
Your protection plan started on or after 1 January 2022.
Helping Hand Privacy Notice
Helping Hand Privacy Notice
Helping Hand (Advisers)
Your client took out an advised  protection plan, such as life cover, critical illness cover or income protection.
Their protection plan started on or after 1 January 2022.
Helping Hand Privacy Notice
Adviser Helping Hand Privacy Notice
Bulk Purchase Annuity
You are a member of a pension scheme which has entered a bulk purchase annuity contract with Royal London.
Bulk Purchase Annuity Privacy Notice