Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We built, produce, publish the Mobile apps and games for Apple iOS platform as a Free app (unless otherwise indicated). This Service is provided  by at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform apps users regarding our policies with the  collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone  decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and 
use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information 
that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will
 not use or share your information with anyone except as described in 
this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to 
provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The 
information that we request is will be retained by us and used as 
described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
Apple iTunes
AdMob
InMobi
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we 
are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But 
remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of 
electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee 
its absolute security.
Apps and games designed for children and families
Our apps and games designed for children and families don’t collect any Personal information from users/kids.
If we use third-party ads in these applications, these are optimized for children and families. Our apps use also our kids
and we try make apps at first for them. That is why we try not to require children to enter any information.
If you have any questions, alerts, feedback, contact us immediately, email:
info@0a1.eu
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an 
anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the 
website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app 
may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection 
information and to improve their services. You have the option to either
 accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to 
your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to
 use some portions of this Service.
Links to Other Sites
The applications may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. 
Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review 
the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, 
or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an
 error in the app we collect data and information (through third party 
products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include 
information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device
 name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when 
utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and
 other statistics.
Changes
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. 
Date of last update of this document, you can find at the end of the page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us:
info@0a1.eu
Website privacy policy section
Our website address is: https://0a1.eu.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us:
info@0a1.eu